Many research studies include weight and height as primary outcomes. Although having trained personnel conduct direct measurements of body weight and height using research quality equipment and standardized techniques is considered the “gold standard” in research, financial and/or logistical considerations  frequently preclude the application of this gold standard. This can be a problem for the many research studies that use weight and height or Body Mass Index  as primary outcomes.
Recognition of the morbidity and premature mortality associated with mental disorders has prompted attempts to increase access to treatment and opportunities for early detection among children . Although MH issues commonly present in primary care, primary care providers  typically receive limited training in their diagnosis and treatment . Most PCPs expand their expertise over the course of their careers through consultation and collaboration with specialists.
Saphenous vein grafts have been established as the gold standard conduit for lower extremity bypass grafting . Conventionally, the great saphenous vein  is typically harvested via a long continuous or “skip” incisions that may extend from the groin to the ankle, before its use as an arterial conduit. This approach however is associated with significant morbidities including surgical site infections, ischemic skin flaps, fat necrosis, lymph leak, increased postoperative pain and longer hospital stay for as many as 24% to 43% of patients  .
In vivo evidence of cerebral amyloid angiopathy  was limited until the introduction of gradient echo T2*  weighted magnetic resonance  imaging, which remains the clinical standard for detection of brain microbleeds  which often result from CAA . Though recent reviews of the BMB literature have attempted to codify the interpretation of these findings, the inconsistency of data sets, the lack of pathological confirmation and the need for better designed prospective studies to determine their clinical significance has been emphasized . SWI is an advance in T2* weighted brain MR imaging that enhances contrast from local susceptibility tissue variations .
Neutrophils, through their ability to be rapidly recruited to tissues and deploy adiverse array of antimicrobial effector mechanisms, are essential for the clearance of manybacterial pathogens. The current paradigm of neutrophil recruitment is described by a well definedseries of steps that occur within post capillary venules, . The first of these istethering and rolling on the vascular endothelium, which is mediated by P selectinglycoprotein ligand 1  or VLA 4  on the neutrophiland E  and P selectin or VCAM 1  on theendothelium.
p38 is one of the major MAP kinases, which regulates multiple biological processes in mammals . It was initially identified as a key mediator of inflammation and stress responses. Later studies also implicated p38 in cell cycle and proliferation, cell differentiation, cellular senescence, and DNA damage responses  .
The reversible formation of disulfide bonds between cysteine residues is increasingly recognized as an important mechanism for the regulation of protein function. As a result, these modifications affect diverse cellular processes, including metabolism, gene expression and cytoskeletal dynamics, . Glutathione  reduces protein disulfides in a reaction that produces glutathione disulfide .
Several research groups have initiated efforts to use computational approaches to investigate intrinsic disorder within integral membrane proteins   that include voltage gated potassium channels , notch pathway proteins , single pass membrane proteins from humans , and plasma membrane proteins in humans and in bacteria such as E. coli . Intrinsically disordered proteins  and intrinsically disordered protein regions  do not have rigid three dimensional or stable secondary structures under physiological conditions  . This dynamic structure in solution is characterized by mobility on different timescales.
Cancer is largely a disease affecting older adults . Seventy two percent of cancer survivors are 60 years of age and older . Cancer treatments lead to a number of side effects in older adults including cancer related fatigue and global side effect burden .
Infection with the parasite Trypanosoma cruzi causes Chagas disease. Chagas disease is endemic in many areas of Latin America, affecting ~20 million infected people. Chagasic heart disease, which accounts for thousands of deaths annually, is manifested by congestive heart failure, conduction abnormalities, and thrombo embolic events.
Normal pregnancy is associated with dramatic increases in placental blood flow, which is directly correlated with fetal growth and survival as well as neonatal birth weights and survivability . These increases in placental blood flows result from both angiogenesis and vasodilatation . Cellular responses to VEGF and FGF2 are initiated by binding to their corresponding specific receptors, thereby activating the cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase domains of the receptors.
Alzheimer’s disease  is the most common cause of dementia in mid to late life. It is essential as the population ages, that treatments that target the cause of this disease be developed. One promising approach are anti amyloid therapies, based on the hypothesis that increased amyloid beta  deposits in the brain is a major underlying cause of the pathology of AD .
Inflammation and cancer have been linked in numerous studies , yet the mechanistic basis for this relationship remains unknown. Among these reactive species are superoxide, hydrogen peroxide and HOCl— the latter generated by myeloperoxidase from activated neutrophils . 5 fluorouracil  and 5 iodouracil  have yet to be reported under physiological conditions.
Major histocompatibility complex class I and II molecules play a vital role in initiating immune responses by presenting peptide antigens to CD8 and CD4 T lymphocytes respectively. Early research indicated that expression of MHC class II  was restricted to particular APC subsets including professional APCs or dendritic cells, monocytes, macrophages and B lymphocytes. More recent research however has shown that MHC II is not exclusively expressed by these populations and can be found on non APC subsets, such as activated T lymphocytes  and basal vascular endothelial cells .
Brugada syndrome  is characterized by an electrocardiographic pattern of ST segment elevation in the right precordial leads and an increased risk of sudden cardiac death. BrS has been associated with cardiac sodium channels  mutations causing decreased sodium current . We have reported that the A280V mutation in the glycerol 3 phosphate dehydrogenase 1 like  causes BrS by reducing INa.
Inhalational anesthetics produce various clinically important actions, including hypnosis, amnesia and immobility . It is believed that different anesthetic actions involve distinct molecular targets in specific neural pathways; for immobilization, the site of action is spinal . Although the precise substrates for immobilizing actions are not known with certainty, it is nevertheless clear that anesthetics cause a depression of motor output that is general and profound .
The Southwest United States, including Arizona and New Mexico, has a diverse climate  and is home to many different avian species . Arizona, in particular is part of the Pacific flyway which starts in Alaska and extends as far as South America . Conversely, New Mexico is in the Central flyway that includes Colorado, Montana, Texas, Oklahoma, Wyoming, Kansas, North and South Dakota, and north into Canada .
Gastric hydrochloric acid  is a noxious stimulus that following penetration through the mucosal barrier contributes to pain arising from the oesophagus, stomach and upper small intestine. Exposure of the rodent stomach to excess HCl elicits a visceromotor response indicative of pain  and causes many neurons in the nucleus tractus solitarii  of the brainstem to express c Fos, a marker of neuronal excitation . Intramucosal acidosis may excite sensory neurons by activation of molecular acid sensors such as the acid sensing ion channels  which belong to the voltage insensitive, amiloride sensitive epithelial Na+ channel/degenerin family .
Bipolar disorder  is a prevalent, severe, and highly disabling psychiatric disease characterized by recurrent depressive and manic episodes, and is associated with increased morbidity and mortality due to general medical conditions, such as obesity, diabetes and cardio disease  . Changes include DNA damage in peripheral blood of BD patients , increased pro apoptotic serum activity in BD patients  and mitochondrial dysfunction . These studies implicate the involvement of cell death in the pathophysiology of BD .
In the United States, one out of every three persons aged 20 and older has hypertension, with more than 100 million people having either pre hypertension or definite hypertension. , Nitric oxide is catalyzed by endothelial nitric oxide synthase , an enzyme with multiple genetic variants that might confer risk for hypertension. Three single nucleotide polymorphisms  in the NOS3 gene have been shown to be associated with hypertension, including Glu298Asp, T786C and a VNTR in intron 4.
Microbicides will be used by healthy women to prevent HIV and sexually transmitted infections ; therefore these products require an exceptional safety profile. Similarly, a recent trial of cellulose sulfate was halted due to concerns about safety . Preclinical and early clinical studies failed to identify potential toxic effects and did not indicate that there may be issues with safe use of these products .
Human and mouse studies have proven that high levels of cholesterol rich remnants cause atherosclerosis, but the relevance of triglyceride rich lipoproteins  to atherogenesis remains controversial. In part, this controversy stems from the fact that elevated levels of TRLs and remnants often coexist . Humans with chylomicronemia have severe hypertriglyceridemia but low levels of cholesterol rich remnants.
Sonoporation has shown promise to facilitate intracellular transport of drugs, proteins, genes, and other therapeutic agents that are otherwise impermeable to the cell . Because ultrasound exposure can be non invasively controlled in application volume and location as well as exposure duration, sonoporation is uniquely suitable for in vivo site specific delivery . However, even with recent progress in the field, a detailed mechanistic description of sonoporation and its full range of bioeffects remains to be elucidated  .
Autism spectrum disorder  is featured by severe deficits in social communication, social interaction, and restricted, repetitive patterns of behaviors, interests and activities . One more model of autism emphasizes abnormalities in neural connectivity . There were suggested also models based on mirror neurons system and imitation deficits in autism  .
The population of the United States  is aging rapidly. The number of adults in the U.S. age 65 or older will more than double to approximately 71 million by 2030 . Approximately 80% of older adults have at least one chronic disease and the numbers of elders living in the community with serious, eventually fatal chronic conditions has increased dramatically over the last decade placing tremendous strain on family members .
Indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase 1  is a metabolically active enzyme with the capacity to promote immune tolerance and exert anti microbial effects. IDO expression supports localized depletion of tryptophan, the rarest of essential amino acids, while its kynurenine based metabolites are produced in excess. These changes to the microenvironment lead to important immunomodulatory effects, in part via activation of GCN2 kinase.
Adolescence is a developmental period in which an individual transitions from immaturity and dependence on the family unit into maturity and independence. It has been suggested that human adolescents experience more stressors and negative life events than children or adults . It is still not clear, however, whether human adolescents differ from their adult counterparts in terms of how they behaviorally and hormonally respond to stressors and whether the adverse consequences of stress exposure would more profoundly impact the development of anxiety disorders during adolescence than during adulthood.
In vivo bioluminescence imaging  uses luciferase enzymes  as reporters to generate light emission during the catalytic oxidation of their substrates for non invasive imaging of biological targets and processes in intact cells and living animals . BLI employs both the enzyme and substrate to generate the light emission, and many strategies have been developed to regulate the activity of the reporter enzyme at the various levels  for molecular imaging . Alternatively, the substrates may be chemically converted into an inactive “caged” form that can be activated by certain biological targets to generate the original substrates for imaging.
The psychological impairments observed in schizophrenia  involve most, but not all, cognitive functions . While initial reports attributed this pattern to deficiencies in striatal dopaminergic function similar to those observed in Parkinson's disease , subsequent studies have implied that the source of dysfunction may lie in reward processing areas of the prefrontal cortex and fronto striatal communication . If patients exhibit selective alterations in these neural systems, we might expect to observe a failure to exhibit one of these biases and, hence, a paradoxical advantage in the relevant task .
Cerebral ischemia is a devastating aspect of stroke, cardiac arrest, and surgical procedures that interrupt blood flow to the brain. An early mild ischemic insult protects CA1 pyramidal neurons against subsequent, normally lethal ischemic challenges . This phenomenon is referred to as ischemic preconditioning .
Profound neurogenesis occurs in restricted areas of the adult mammalian brain under physiological conditions . In the olfactory system, central neurogenesis provides subventricular zone derived interneurons to the OB . Peripheral neurogenesis in the olfactory epithelium produces OSNs throughout life .
Non infection related morbidity and mortality has become increasingly significant in the care and management of HIV infected patients treated with combination antiretroviral therapy . An increased risk of myocardial infarction  in HIV infected patients was described in 2007 by Triant et al. . HIV infection is associated with known cardiovascular risk factors such as increased total cholesterol, decreased HDL cholesterol, lipodystrophy and the metabolic syndrome .
Ca2+ mediated signaling regulates diverse aspects of cellular functions in bacteria, plants, fungi and animals . It had been generally believed that many ion channels and transporters in the animal Ca2+ signaling machinery were animal specific and were developed in ancient multicellular animals  . Recent molecular and genomics studies on a choanoflagellate, Monosiga brevicollis, one of the closest unicellular relatives of animals , reveal the presence of cell surface adhesion molecules, receptor tyrosine kinases and several other signaling molecules previously thought to be restricted to animals .
Understanding life history evolution requires knowledge of the forces shaping correlated suites of fitness characters in response to patterns of age specific mortality . Therefore, it is necessary to integrate how life history traits are expressed across environments  and standing levels of genetic variation in fitness components  with patterns of demographic and environmental variability . In order to predict life history patterns, we must also examine the genetic architecture of life history variation and the unfolding of organismal developmental programs over the life cycle .
The ErbB family of receptor tyrosine kinases includes EGFR, ErbB2 , ErbB3 , and ErbB4 . Over the past ten years, it has become evident that many epithelial cancers require EGFR or HER2 signaling for their growth and survival. Inhibitors of EGFR and HER2 come in the form of small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors  and targeted antibodies .
Despite the efficacy of empirically supported treatment options for patients with anxiety disorders , a great many patients with anxiety disorders are not reaping the benefits of these treatments, and treatment refusal and attrition remain a significant problem. It therefore follows that motivation is key to increasing treatment attendance, and in fact available data in this area, though sparse, suggest that this is the case for at least some patients. The question then arises as to how to increase motivation for treatment.
Muscle pain can result from repetitive or eccentric activity, and may persist for days  or weeks  after exposure to these activities . While the underlying cellular mechanisms in these pain syndromes are not well understood, inflammatory cytokines, which sensitize high threshold mechano sensitive muscle afferents  are likely to be involved . For example, following eccentric exercise in humans  and in a repetitive motion induced muscle pain model in the rat , levels of inflammatory cytokines are increased in the exercised limb .
Tissue factor pathway inhibitor , a Kunitz type serine protease inhibitor, is an endogenous inhibitor of TF mediated coagulation. The formation of a quaternary TF:VIIa:TFPI:Xa complex dampens ongoing FXa generation. Additionally, TFPI also has been shown to regulate coagulation by inducing the internalization and degradation of TF:VIIa complex on cell surfaces.
Global change is mostly associated with increasing concentrations of atmospheric CO2 and other greenhouse gases triggering climate change, but other anthropogenic processes also affect the local and global environment. Among these, the anthropogenic production of reactive nitrogen through nitrogen fertilization, agricultural N2 fixation and fossil fuel combustion has far reaching consequences on ecosystem functions, productivity, biodiversity and the climate itself . As a consequence, there is little information on how much deposition has changed in remote areas and we do not know if this has affected the nitrogen cycle or other ecosystem processes .
Endothelin 1  is the predominant isoform of three distinct isopeptides constitutively secreted by endothelial and other vascular cells, and the most potent endogenous vasoconstrictor known . ET 1 activates two G protein coupled receptors, ETA and ETB . ET 1 acts in concert with other endothelium derived contracting factors to balance the activity of endothelium derived relaxing factors .
Cancer development has been known to share many molecular frameworks with embryonic development, tissue renewal and differentiation . For example, in normal tissues the Notch signaling pathway is activated under strict temporal and spatial control during tissue regeneration and cell fate determination. In contrast, during tumor development Notch is constitutively activated and its sustained activation could be a result of genetic or epigenetic alterations.
The incidence of type 1 diabetes  has been increasing globally at a rate of approximately 3% per year since the 1960s , and it varies in different parts of the world, with high figures in the Nordic countries  and the opposite in the countries of East Asia such as China and Japan with ∼1 case/year/100,000 individuals . These geographical differences in T1D incidence may be related to food consumption , as large quantities of soy products are widely used in traditional Asian diets, which are typically low in fat. In addition, diabetic kidney disease  is a complication that occurs in some people with T1D , and glomerulosclerosis is known to be a classic change characteristic of the chronic phase of diabetic nephropathy.
The development of T cells in the thymus is an ordered progression of differentiation and proliferation events . Gene knockout experiments have shown that this developmental pathway is regulated by several transcription factors and signaling pathways . The majority of these regulators play ongoing roles throughout T cell development, however their specific effects can vary from one stage to another .
Tumors of the central nervous system  have significant intra  and inter tumor heterogeneity in terms of cellular composition, cellular proliferation, invasiveness and epigenetic status . In addition, there are at least two prognostic subgroups of pediatric GBM based on association with or without aberrantly active Ras/AKT pathway . Heterogeneity in GBM tumors may be responsible for differential response to therapeutic interventions , and understanding the etiology of tumor heterogeneity in animal models may become increasingly important to design therapeutic strategies effective at targeting molecularly defined tumor subtypes .
However, despite the prevalence of loss experiences in young adults, and the potential for problematic grief responses, this age group has received relatively limited empirical attention . Psychological responses to loss of a family member or friend are complex, and vary in intensity and types of symptoms . There has been little investigation of whether personality variables  or the quality of the relationship between the bereaved and deceased  may play a role in the development of complicated grief or depression, particularly among young adults.
Mast cells play an important role in many immunological and inflammatory reactions. A role for these cells has been described in defense against bacteria, virus or parasites, the induction of immune responses and several autoimmune diseases . FcεRIs are members of the immune receptor family that are present on many cells of the immune system.
Over three fourths of the population with heart failure  is aged 65 years and older, and the proportion of older HF patients is projected to increase as more adults are surviving into old age. Indeed, older HF patients have greater hospitalization rates, health care expenditures, and mortality  as well as symptoms of exercise intolerance that are often more severe than in younger HF patients. Formal assessment of exercise performance with measurement of peak exercise oxygen consumption  and exercise ventilatory efficiency  using cardiopulmonary exercise testing , is commonly used to guide management of HF patients.
Human immunodeficiency virus type 1  is a member of the lentivirus subfamily of the Retroviridae family and the etiologic agent of acquired immune deficiency syndrome . During or shortly after budding, Gag is proteolytically cleaved by the viral protease into the four major structural proteins: matrix , capsid, nucleocapsid, p6; and the two spacer proteins p1 and p2. Numerous single amino acid substitutions in the N terminal region of MA  as well as the beginning of α5  abrogate ENV incorporation  .
Recent studies have suggested that general anesthetics act through specific ion channels to inhibit neuronal excitability. It is now known that some ligand gated channels such as GABAA , NMDA , as well as background  potassium channels , are sensitive to anesthetics. Furthermore, some studies  indicate that voltage gated Ca2+ channels are also affected by volatile general anesthetics at concentrations that occur under clinical conditions.
Tocomin® represents commercially available mixture of naturally occurring tocotrienols  and tocopherol  extracted from palm oil/palm fruits that possess powerful antioxidant, anticancer, neuro/cardioprotective and cholesterol lowering properties. Cellular autophagy represents a defense mechanism against oxidative stress and several anticancer compounds. Recently, we reported that tocotrienols induce apoptosis and endoplasmic reticulum stress in breast cancer cells .
Craniosynostosis is defined as the premature fusion of one or more cranial sutures and is a common malformation  occurring in all ethnic groups . Craniosynostosis of the sagittal suture is the most common form of craniosynostosis, accounting for 5560% of all craniosynostoses . Twin studies reported by  suggested a multifactorial pattern of inheritance, supporting both an environmental  and genetic origin in midline craniosynostosis .
Polypeptides expressed from the Hepatitis C virus  genome are of interest because the virus infects more than 170 million people . The amino acid sequence of p7 is shown in ; also shown are the sequences of two truncated constructs that have also been expressed and purified. It provides an opportunity to study these proteins in lipid environments that resemble the native cell membrane.
Heterotaxy syndrome is characterized by multiple congenital anomalies arising from defects in embryonic left right patterning and loss of normal asymmetric laterality . Heterotaxy patients are often described as being “bilateral left sided”  or “bilateral right sided” . In normal SA nodal development, the initial electrical pacemaker emerges at the inflow region of the linear heart tube  and develops adjacent to the venous sinus as it shifts rightward and is incorporated into the right atrium .
Modic changes  are signal variations of the vertebral endplate and the adjacent subchondral vertebral marrow seen on magnetic resonance images  . According to the patterns of signal changes on T1  and T2 weighted images, traditionally MCs have been classified into three types . Type 1 MCs show decreased signal intensity on T1 weighted images and increased signal intensity on T2 weighted images.
Breast cancer is a common malignancy and a leading cause of cancer deaths in women . It results from the accumulation of genetic alterations including activation of oncogenes and inactivation of tumor suppressor genes . Identification and characterization of these genes improve our understanding of breast cancer and management of patients.
Aortic root dilation leading to aortic dissection has been associated with numerous connective tissue disorders such as Marfan syndrome , EhlersDanlos syndrome  and LoeysDietz syndrome  . Other patients at risk include those with valvular abnormalities such as bicuspid aortic valve  and various genetic syndromes such as Turner syndrome, 18q deletion syndrome, and fragile X syndrome . Identifying patients with aortic root dilation in these at risk groups of patients is important as progressive dilation can lead to aortic dissection and death if left untreated .
Mouse thyroglobulin  sensitized splenocytes activated in vitro with MTG and IL 12 induce a severe granulomatous form of experimental autoimmune thyroiditis  after transfer to syngeneic recipients . G EAT lesions are characterized by infiltration of inflammatory cells and destruction of thyroid follicles . CD4+ T cells are the primary effector cells for G EAT  and CD8+ T cells are important for G EAT resolution  .
Childhood asthma is the most common chronic disease among children and is a major public health problem in the United States as well as in many other countries, such as Colombia, which has a prevalence estimated at 10 12% . Over the past decade, the concept of asthma control as the degree to which manifestations of the disease are reduced or removed by therapy has been clearly defined and has been incorporated into current asthma guidelines . Asthma control has been considered a key therapeutic goal and an outcome measure in clinical research studies, and its regular assessment has been recommended as a guide to a stepwise  approach to asthma therapy  .
Conventional chemotherapeutic regimens involve high doses of a cytotoxic agent followed by a 3  to 4 week rest period. However, recent studies using this approach have demonstrated a rapid acquisition of chemoresistance in certain patient populations after an initial response . Furthermore, conventional chemotherapy drugs have been associated with many toxic adverse effects that often impair quality of life and limit continuation of therapy  .
For nearly 50 years the rate of progression of COPD has been defined by the slope of the annual decline in FEV1 determined from serial measurements of FEV1 obtained over a span of years in the course of observational or intervention studies. In intervention trials conducted over the last few decades, this slope has been determined mainly from serial measurements of the post , rather than the pre , bronchodilator FEV1 . The rationale for the latter practice appears to derive from the assumption that there may be less variability in the post  than the pre bronchodilator measurement and that the post bronchodilator value would be less influenced by noncompliance with instructions to withhold bronchodilator medication during the washout period prior to scheduled spirometric testing.
Malaria continues to impose a substantial health burden across the globe. Erythrocyte invasion is an essential gateway to malaria disease and a key target for disease intervention. The Gs protein is heterotrimeric, consisting of an alpha, beta and gamma subunit.
Neurotrophic factors including the tolloid/bone morphogenetic protein 1  family of metalloproteinases enhance the survival, growth, and function of neurons. The tolloids and BMP 1 contain a conserved metalloproteinase domain not found in BMPs 27 which are classed as transforming growth factor β  superfamily members . The best characterized developmental response of the tolloid/BMP 1s is to regulate activity of TGFβ signaling.
The social brain hypothesis states that the emergence of computationally more powerful brains cannot be explained solely by the ensuing advantage in solving problems posed by the physical environment. Trustworthiness and attractiveness in a face convey particularly pivotal social information. An overestimation of others’ approachability has been reported in cases of bilateral amygdala  lesion in monkeys  and humans .
Nanomaterials are used in a range of appliances and household products, in the manufacture of textiles and electronics, as well as for medical products and in bioremediation technology. Nanoscale zinc oxide  and copper oxide  are manufactured in large scale for both industrial and household use since they possess greater promise for future applications, such as fillers, opacifiers, catalysts, semiconductors, cosmetics, and microelectronics . ZnO NPs are additives in personal care products, including toothpaste, beauty products and sunscreens, as well as in textiles , wastewater treatment, and chemotherapy .
The kidney shows a quantifiable decrease in function with age . Furthermore, the capacity of the kidney to concentrate urine reduces progressively with age . It is important to understand and detect changes in renal function and structure that normally occur with aging, and to distinguish these changes from alterations that take place with disease.
Brain metabolite measurements using MR spectroscopy  generally require averaging of many acquisitions from the same spatial location to obtain acceptable signal to noise ratio . Such motion can cause errors and artifacts that may not be evident in typical quality assurance procedures. Even if movement is noticed by the scanner operator, subject motion is often the cause of repeated scans, resulting in inefficient use of scanner time .
Glutamate, the major excitatory neurotransmitter in the central nervous system , is neurotoxic when its extracellular concentration is high. Glutamate transporters, also called excitatory amino acid transporters , play an important role in removing glutamate from extracellular space into cells . Five EAATs  have been characterized; each has about 520580 amino acid residues .
Resistance to chemotherapy is a major obstacle for the success of cancer therapy. In epithelial tumors including breast, ovarian and lung cancers, resistance to chemotherapy is frequently observed and is associated with poor clinical outcome  . Paclitaxel mainly targets β tubulin at the molecular level and stabilizes microtubule dynamics to induce microtubule polymerization .
Depression and substance abuse are common among low income, minority adults in safety net settings. Little is known about comorbidities across service sectors supporting these clients . The study uses cross sectional baseline client data  from Community Partners in Care , an initiative to improve depression services in Los Angeles County.
Glaucoma is a multifactorial disease that results in progressive death of retinal ganglion cells and loss of visual fields. Furthermore, it has a younger age of onset, progresses more rapidly and occurs with greater severity in the AD population . Glaucoma has been noted to affect up to six times more people of AD than those of ED .
Members of the ABC  transporter superfamily are widely recognized as major contributors to controlling drug distribution and pharmacokinetics, and the acquisition of anticancer drug resistance. Expressed largely in the plasma membranes of cancer cells, ABC transporters mediate cellular resistance to anticancer agents by the ATP dependent efflux of toxic chemotherapeutics from cells. While several ABC transporters have been shown to transport anticancer drugs in vitro, P glycoprotein  stands out by conferring the highest level of resistance to a vast array of drugs and because of its demonstrated association with clinical multidrug resistance  and poor clinical outcome .
Barriers to consent when conducting prehospital research are unavoidable. Federal regulations allow an exception from informed consent  for certain studies. However, before an EFIC study can be approved, investigators must consult both the geographic community where the study will be conducted and the community from which subjects will be drawn  .
TSC is an autosomal dominant disorder characterized by the growth of benign tumors called hamartomas in multiple organs including the brain . TSC patients suffer from epilepsy, autism and developmental delay. Within the central nervous system, TSC is associated with cortical tubers, made up of giant cells, dysmorphic neurons and astrocytes.
For many years, multidrug resistance  has been explained solely as the result of ABCB1 over expression in a tumor . This transporter, called P glycoprotein, was found to be expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells selected for colchicine resistance. The authors discovered that these cells displayed resistance to a variety of structurally and mechanistically unrelated drugs in addition to colchicine .
Mail order pharmacies are widely used to deliver medications in the U.S., with up to 1/3 of chronic illness medications delivered by mail. Research suggests a positive association between mail order pharmacy use and greater adherence to diabetes and antihypertensive medications,  and with better LDL C control. These favorable outcomes may reflect improved access to medications with mail order pharmacy use, which may be of particular value to patients with disabilities, time constraints, or limited transportation ., However, there may be unintended consequences to using mail order pharmacies.
Imaging and therapy play crucial roles in prevention, early diagnosis, efficient treatment, and confirmation of complete cure. They also mutually and synergistically affect optimal prognosis for many diseases, especially cancer. , Recently, there has been great interest in developing nanomaterials that are capable of pinpointing abnormal lesions with molecular specificity, while converting the nanomaterials themselves to be therapeutic effectors in the pinpointed areas .
Tobacco use is the major preventable cause of premature death in the United States, accounting for more than 400,000 annual deaths from cancer, cardiovascular and respiratory disease., Health effects in children include low birth weight, asthma, increased ear and respiratory infections and sudden infant death. Cotinine is further metabolized by P450 2A6 to trans 3' hydroxycotinine . Phenylalanine was one of the first molecules analyzed in DBS, and its routine quantitation has allowed the analysis of phenylketonuria in millions of newborns.
Long term efficacy of osteochondral allografts  depends on the presence of viable chondrocytes within graft cartilage to locally maintain homeostasis and prevent degeneration. In contrast, frozen OCA are devoid of viable chondrocytes and, as used for massive oncologic joint reconstructions, result in cartilage that, in retrievals, is acellular and exhibits surface and bulk tissue degeneration. While chondrocyte viability is a useful marker of overall cartilage tissue function, future improvements in the application of OCA would benefit from identifying markers of allograft biological performance and sensitive indices of cartilage function .
Food frequency questionnaires  facilitate dietary data collection in large cohort studies and are the most frequently used diet assessment method in nutritional epidemiology to assess habitual eating habits and rank individuals’ energy and nutrient intake . Development of an appropriate food and nutrient database is required to translate information derived from FFQs into estimates of nutrient intake, dietary quality or for absolute or rank ordered nutritional risk assessment . Experts use a variety of approaches in database development for FFQ analysis, including reliance on expert opinion , population specific data driven methods , or a combination of the two .
The development of Ln magnetic resonance imaging  contrast agents that report on their environment through molecular interactions is an active area of research. For the well known Gd MRI contrast agents, contrast properties are modulated through a change in the number of exchangeable water ligands in the inner coordination sphere or through an change in rotational correlation time and associated relaxivity induced by binding to a macromolecule. Efforts have been made to develop PARACEST agents that respond to both outer and innersphere ligands.
CXCR4  is a G protein coupled receptor which serves many functions in the immune system. Studies of mice carrying a targeted gene disruption of CXCR4 have revealed its critical role in hematopoiesis, B cell lymphopoiesis, myelopoiesis, germinal center organization, and maintenance of stem cell pools in the bone marrow . In addition, CXCR4 is a well studied molecule in both HIV and cancer.
Endothelin 1  is one of several vasoconstrictors that may play a role in the progression of Crohn’s Disease and ulcerative colitis, conditions categorized as inflammatory bowel disease . Elevated plasma  and tissue  levels of the potent vasoconstrictor have been found in IBD patients, with the elevations speculated to induce hypoxia  as a consequence of decreased blood flow. over 30 years ago, decreases in blood flow are found more frequently in chronic and mild IBD and in the late fibrosing stage of Crohn’s Disease, while increases in blood flow can be found in severe IBD .
The twin epidemics of obesity and diabetes threaten to overwhelm healthcare systems in the U.S. and worldwide. Thus, a better understanding of factors that contribute to their incidence is critical in order to manage this major public health issue. Important contributors to obesity and diabetes are lack of exercise and consumption of a high fat/calorie Western style diet .
The endoplasmic reticulum associated degradation  pathway mediates the destruction of numerous normal and misfolded ER localized proteins . Accordingly, there is great impetus to understand the molecular mechanisms that mediate this important route of protein degradation . In most cases, ancillary factors participate in substrate recognition and transfer of the ubiquitinated substrate to the proteasome  .
Statistical analyses are an essential component of medical research, which when appropriately applied can further our understanding of risk factors, treatment effects and other aspects of disease. Although it is arguable that one may not have to fully understand all the statistical analyses presented in a research article in order to grasp the article’s main message, a basic understanding of statistics is important to allow critical appraisal of the presented material. Clinicians should be able to evaluate the medical literature in order to make informed decisions regarding best practice, a critical component of evidence based medicine.
The human mitochondrial genome  is a small, circular, highly coding molecule , making mtDNA mutations more likely to be deleterious than nuclear ones . Nuclear MSI has been proposed to result from DNA slippage and mispairing in repetitive DNA sequences during DNA replication. MMR deficiency increases cellular mutation rates and is associated with cancer susceptibility.
Subtilosin, a ribosomally synthesized 3.4 kDa cyclical peptide  produced by both Bacillus subtilis  and Bacillus amyloliquefaciens , is a bacteriocin that has the potential for applications in contraception and reproductive health due to its unique properties, such as natural origin, biodegradability, antimicrobial properties, lack of immunogenicity, overall safety, ease of production and formulation . Previous studies have demonstrated that subtilosin reduces sperm motility in vitro in a dose dependent fashion . Over 530 million people worldwide are infected with HSV 2, which can cause recurrent and painful genital lesions, being recurrent genital herpes, the most prevalent sexually transmitted disease  .
Cardiac amyloidosis involves the deposition of insoluble fibrils in the myocardium and is an underdiagnosed cause of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction . The most clinically relevant cardiac involvement occurs in primary light chain  amyloidosis, familial transthyretin amyloidosis , and senile transthyretin amyloidosis . Other forms of systemic amyloidosis including secondary AA amyloidosis rarely affect the heart.
Large intracranial arterial occlusions are associated with high morbidity and mortality. In patients who are ineligible for or fail intravenous thrombolytic therapy, endovascular revascularization is often the only method that can potentially improve functional outcome. Although a good arterial occlusive lesion  score represents good or excellent target vessel recanalization and is associated with favorable clinical outcomes, it does not necessarily equate to tissue revascularization.
The growth in science and engineering research conducted by teams has dramatically accelerated since 1975, making multi university collaborations the fastest growing authorship structure. Research and intellectual property developed by highly functioning multidisciplinary research teams has greater impact in peer recognition through citations and patent uses than research products from siloed investigators. The literature also includes definitions of teams according to a wide range of organizational/structuralist dimensions, such as size, organizational complexity, geographic scope, funding, duration, leadership structure, team goals, etc.
The intracellular adaptor Dab1 is a key regulator of neuronal migration during brain development . The protein is composed of an N terminus domain of approximately 180 amino acids, named PI/PTB , followed by a cluster of five tyrosines and a C terminus containing two consensus regions for the serine/threonine kinase Cdk5 . Two of these lipoprotein receptors function as receptors for Reelin , a large glycoprotein implicated in the control of neuronal migration .
The spirochete genus Borrelia comprises three major groups of species. The species of the second group are transmitted by hard  ticks of the genus Ixodes and include agents of Lyme borreliosis , such as B. burgdorferi and B. afzelii, as well as species, such as B. bissettii, that have not been associated with human disease. Another species in this third group is B. miyamotoi, which is transmitted by Ixodes species, has rodents as reservoirs, and occurs in Asia, Europe, and North America.
Decades of epidemiological data strongly suggest that high density lipoproteins  protect against cardiovascular disease . In this pathway, HDL removes cholesterol from peripheral tissues and transports it to the liver for excretion via bile formation . The physiological importance of SR BI in mediating cholesterol flux in humans was obtained from the recent identification of three loss of function mutations in SCARB1  in heterozygote carriers with high HDLcholesterol  levels .
Although control of cardiovascular disease  risk factors reduces morbidity and mortality, most Americans at risk for CVD related events have not achieved therapeutic goals for management of these factors. The American Diabetes Association and the National Diabetes Education Program have promoted use of the ABC indicators, which include:  glycated hemoglobin  for control of diabetes mellitus,  blood pressure, and  cholesterol  as modifiable indicators targeted for treatment in order to reduce CVD risk. The D factor  has been added by the current researchers as an additional risk factor.
In 1992, six years after Bill Brinkley became editor in chief of Cell Motility and the Cytoskeleton following the untimely death of founding editor Robert D. Allen,  demonstrated that tubulin and the radial spokes of Chlamydomonas flagella are delivered to the distal tip of the flagellar axoneme where assembly of the organelle occurs. Very shortly thereafter, the process of intraflagellar transport  was first observed in the Rosenbaum laboratory at Yale . IFT is necessary for organelle assembly and maintenance because IFT transports materials to the distal tip, the site of organelle growth and turnover, and returns components back to the cell body for degradation or recycling .
Basic mechanisms responsible for temperature regulation in living animals are well understood. Since no “heat storage” is known to exist in the brain, temperature regulation in the brain can only rely on communication between brain and body as metabolites are delivered and heat is exchanged through blood flow. In humans, on average 3.75 μmol of oxygen is delivered per 1 g of brain tissue every minute .
The acute defensive response to a threatening event prompts behavioral, physiological, and cognitive reactions that are essential to survival. It has been a matter of debate whether acute defensive engagement  is accompanied by heightened sensitivity to external cues, or alternatively, by a focus on bodily processes and internal cues  . These motivational circuits are activated by environmental and memorial cues and initiate cognitive processes that enhance perception in the service of selecting an appropriate action .
The most frequently studied candidate gene for Neuroticism, depression, anxiety related traits and disorders is the serotonin transporter . The SLC6A4 gene is on chromosome 17q11.1 q12. estimated that the polymorphism accounted for 3% to 4% of total variation and 7% to 9% of inherited variance of anxiety related personality traits.
Psoriasis is an autoimmune disease affecting 7.5 million Americans. There is increasing evidence that psoriasis is associated with the prevalence and incidence of diabetes and diabetes related complications. Prospective studies from several countries have found that the risk of developing diabetes is increased among those with psoriasis, especially among those with more severe psoriasis.
One of the greatest challenges in ocular drug delivery is effectively administering drugs to the back of the eye to treat diseases of the retina, choroid and vitreous body . Such posterior segment diseases include macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy, which are two of the leading cause of blindness. Posterior segment delivery is often achieved via systemic delivery, which generally does not target the eye and thereby can cause side effects, or intravitreal injection, which is unpleasant for patients, requires expert clinical administration, and carries the risk of complications, such as retinal detachment, cataract, endophthalmitis and pain  .
The human  and mouse  melanocortin 1 G protein coupled cell surface receptors play important roles in melanocyte biology, notably in the production of melanin pigment . The Mc1r ligands, melanocyte stimulating hormone  and ACTH are derived from the propriomelanocortin peptide   released from keratinocytes on exposure to UV radiation . Engagement between Mc1r and α MSH results in stimulation of black eumelanin production through a cAMP dependent signaling pathway .
Acyl CoA binding protein , also known as diazepam  binding inhibitor , is a soluble 10 kDa lipid binding protein ubiquitously expressed in all tissues of eukaryotic species examined . ACBP expression differs significantly among cell types and is highly regulated by hormones . Via the ACBP promoter, ACBP expression is also determined by several nuclear transcription factors important in lipid and glucose metabolism: peroxisome proliferator activated receptors   α and  γ as well as sterol regulatory element binding protein  .
Ovarian carcinoma is the fourth most common cause of cancer death among women in the United States, with more than 21,550 new cases diagnosed and an 14,600 deaths estimated for 2009 . Cytoreductive surgery followed by platinum based chemotherapy usually combined with paclitaxel is the standard initial treatment and has improved survival in patients with epithelial ovarian cancer . High levels of VEGF have also been found in the serum, plasma and ascites of ovarian cancer patients and are associated with poor patient prognosis .
NADH:quinone oxidoreductase 1  is a cytosolic protein that catalyzes metabolism of quinones and their derivatives . It has been shown that the two electron reduction of quinones, catalyzed by NQO1, competes with the one electron reduction catalyzed by cytochromes P450 and P450 reductase. Interestingly, NQO1 is part of an electrophilic and/or oxidative stress induced cellular defense mechanism that includes the induction of more than two dozen genes .
The study of open set masked sentence recognition is often limited by the number of unique items available in a particular corpus. There are a handful of speech corpora with 500 or more sentences, including AzBio , IEEE , CUNY , and BEL  sentences. This balance is only approximate, however, and deviations in list equivalence are particularly evident when testing is performed under different conditions and with different types of listeners than used in the construction of the corpus .
Proliferation of somatic cells in higher eukaryotes depends on the presence of external mitogens, which activate corresponding receptors present on the plasma membrane. A common downstream event of these receptor activations is the activation of the mitogen activated protein kinase  cascade by Ras . A critical mediator of ERK functions is the 90 kDa ribosomal S6 kinase  .
Acetaminophen is one of the most commonly used over the counter analgesics and the major cause of acute liver failure due to accidental and intentional overdose . Toxicity is characterized by centrilobular hepatic necrosis progressing to fulminant liver failure . Tissue repair following acetaminophen intoxication involves proliferation of remnant hepatocytes and the production of new extracellular matrix proteins .
Since its invention, MRI has moved to ever stronger magnetic fields to exploit the concomitant increases in signal to noise ratio and the opportunity to obtain images with improved contrast. Despite formidable challenges from the underlying physics, cardiac MRI has recently been demonstrated at 7 Tesla  . The FLASH   and bSSFP   images obtained are of sufficient quality to assess cardiac volume and function ; and right coronary angiography is feasible .
In clinical and research assessments of respiratory health, it is often necessary to conduct multiple tests during a brief visit. Although closely spaced tests may be unavoidable, concern that one test could influence the results of subsequent tests may lead to test ordering recommendations to minimize possible carryover effects. Furthermore, carryover effects may vary by health status, leading to different test ordering recommendations for clinical assessment  and research assessment  .
The combination of mass spectrometry with solution phase hydrogen/deuterium exchange  has become a powerful method to study protein structure and protein/protein interactions  . High resolution mass analysis  is particularly advantageous for accurately assigning the peptide fragments after protease digestion and in resolving overlap of peptide isotopic distributions, both before and after HDX , . The reliability and sequence resolution of solution phase HDX monitored by mass spectrometry has been hampered by the limited number and poor specificity of proteases that are active at the low pH necessary to quench HDX.
Bacteria are oftentimes found associated with animals, plants, fungi, and protists, as well as other bacteria. They have been successful in colonizing both extra cellular and intracellular tissues of their host, enabling some specific function or capability. In particular, environmental transmission has a number of obstacles prior to infection as well as during colonization and persistence that bacteria are constantly subjected to .
In striated muscle, ryanodine receptor channels  located at the sarcoplasmic reticulum  calcium stores are the main pathway for intracellular Ca2+ release upon physiological or pharmacological stimulation ,  and  . Functional studies of gating of RyR channel molecules require their isolation from cells  and . The response to pharmacological and physiological agonists of these isolated RyRs, studied in lipid bilayers or purified SR vesicles, is similar to that of RyR mediated Ca2+ signaling in cells ,  and .
Alzheimer’s disease  is a progressive neuronal degenerative disorder of the central nervous system that ultimately results in the loss of cognitive function . This disease is characterized by the accumulation of toxic amyloid β  proteins in the extracellular space of the brain and on the wall of blood vessels in the brain  . The endothelium of brain blood vessels provides a semi permeable barrier between blood components and brain tissue.
Asthma is a complex disease caused by multiple genetic and environmental factors. Two traditional approaches for identification of asthma susceptibility genes are association studies of candidate genes and linkage studies followed by positional cloning. Candidate gene association studies focus on genes plausibly involved in disease pathogenesis or located in a region of linkage for the disease.
A population of resident cardiac stem/progenitor cells  has been found to contribute to the regeneration of myocardium after injury, myocardial infarction , or with stress such as pressure overload . This resident CSPC population can be defined by the expression of stem cell markers, c kit, Sca1, or the multi drug resistance protein . These stem cells can be modulated by factors such as Notch and its ligand Delta to contribute to the creation of cardiovascular endothelial, smooth muscle, or myocardial cell types.
Phosphorylation of myofilament proteins is an important post translational modification which regulates cardiomyocyte contractility of the heart. Specifically, the functional properties of cardiac troponin I  are regulated by phosphorylation and play a vital role in tuning cardiomyocyte performance in health and disease. cTnI is the “inhibitor” of the trimeric troponin complex, which together with cardiac troponin C  and cardiac troponin T , controls the position of tropomyosin on the actin filament in response to Ca2+ and thereby regulates actin myosin interactions and thus cardiomyocyte force development and relaxation.
The great French physiologist, Claude Bernard, introduced the idea of the “inner world” of the body, when he theorized that body systems function as they do to maintain a constant internal environment what he called the milieu interieur. According to Pasteur’s followers, diseases would result mainly from external threats to the well being of the organism, such as exposure to germs; the body’s responses would be relatively unimportant. Pasteur on his deathbed is said to have conceded, “Bernard was right.
While a wide variety of self report measures have been developed to assess adherence with HIV ART, few of the questionnaire items that make up these measures have been subjected to rigorous cognitive testing to ensure that the items are consistently understood by respondents. They could also be useful for research when more objective measures such as MEMS caps  or unannounced pill counts  are impractical or too costly  . Correlations with viral loads are consistently in the 0.3 0.4 range , and sometimes a little better.
Rapid developments in tissue engineering utilizing decellularized whole organs as biologic scaffolds coupled with advances in stem and endogenous lung progenitor cell biology have offered the potential of using acellular suboptimal donor or cadaveric lungs recellularized with appropriate cell types for ex vivo lung regeneration . As acellular scaffolds derived from rodent lungs are readily available and easily handled, high throughput approaches can be utilized to study cell matrix interaction or to assess the multiple conditions needed for effective recellularization and development of functional lung tissue . However, there is a more limited supply of larger lungs, including those from humans and potential xenogenic sources .
Dysregulation of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis , one of the body's major stress sensitive physiological systems, is frequently implicated in the etiology of Major Depressive Disorder  . The few existing studies taking this prospective longitudinal approach have converged upon similar findings. Although elevated cortisol levels across the full day and especially during the evening hours, are the most frequent cross sectional correlates of MDD , it is elevated morning cortisol that is prospectively predictive of depression  .
Accurate computation of free energies of binding remains a key challenge for computer aided drug design. In principle, water mediated protein ligand interactions can be investigated by Monte Carlo  or molecular dynamics  simulations with the solvent explicitly represented. However, as the exchange of water molecules between a binding site and the bulk can be slow, specialized methodologies may be required to estimate accurately the locations and energetics of ordered water molecules.
In the classical view, the cellular signal generated by a heterotrimeric guanine nucleotidebinding protein coupled receptor  is governed by the affinity and efficacy of its natural agonist. To pass the rigorous quality control system in the endoplasmic reticulum  and move through the Golgi apparatus to the plasma membrane, GPCRs interact with general chaperones such as calnexin and, in some cases, with accessory proteins that are specific for a given group of receptors. In addition to facilitating the trafficking of receptors to the plasma membrane, RAMPs act as switches to control the ligand preferences of two class B GPCRs, calcitonin and calcitonin receptorlike receptors  .
Although primary Sjögren’s syndrome  affects up to 0.10.6% of the general population, few rigorous etiologic studies have focused on the initiating immunopathologic process occurring in the exocrine glands. Interestingly, the severity of secretory dysfunction does not always correlate with the extent or degree of leukocytic infiltration and loss of acinar tissue, suggesting that immune dysregulation might impair exocrine gland secretion very early in the disease process  . Recently, elegant studies reported data supporting the potential role of innate or cognate  effectors in setting the stage of a Th17 based inflammation in pSS  .
The number of distinct spoken words is a widely used measure of early language abilities, which manifests during infancy. Word comprehension  in typically developing children starts at the age of about 6 to 9 months and the spontaneous production of words  emerges at about 10 to 15 months,. During the next months the accumulation of words is typically slow, but then followed by an increase in rate, often quite sharp, around 14 to 22 months of age ,.
Epigenetic mechanisms, i.e., DNA methylation and histone modification, are important for normal development including imprinting, X inactivation, cell differentiation and transcription. , The status of transcription  is associated with specific types of modifications at particular residues of histone tails. Epigenetic regulation provides a novel mechanism by which these environmental factors modify neural development and/or adult function.
Dyskeratosis congenita is a rare skin and bone marrow failure syndrome, associated with a classical triad of mucocutaneous abnormalities, namely abnormal skin pigmentation, leukoplakia and nail dystrophy . Pancytopenia is frequent and bone marrow failure is the most common cause of death. The more common X linked form is due to mutations in DKC1, encoding dyskerin .
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension  is increasingly recognized as a cause of spontaneous cerebrospinal  leak in the ENT and neurosurgical literature. The diagnosis of IIH in patients with spontaneous CSF leaks is classically made a few weeks after surgical repair of the CSF leak when symptoms and signs of elevated intracranial pressure  appear . Two young obese women developed spontaneous CSF rhinorrhea related to an empty sella in one, and a cribriform plate encephalocele in the other.
Microglia activation constitutes a major mechanism of self defense against brain injury, infection and disease. Changes in glial function could perhaps be a component of metabolic abnormalities which are observed in epileptic patients  and rodent seizure models . One approach to investigate this question is to modulate the microglia activation state concurrently with seizures .
Diet is a complex and irrefutable risk factor for cardiovascular disease . Egg is a significant source of cholesterol, containing an average of 213 mg per egg. Since the 1970's, egg consumption in the United States has been particularly discouraged by health stakeholders in the absence of empirical data.
Structural changes in glycosylation that are influenced by disease states have been of great interest, especially with respect to oncogenesis and tumor progression, and many reports have focused on such biomarkers for cancer related diagnosis. Thus, we have focused on the plasma glycome to represent that non invasive monitor of malignancy. The need for a detailed characterization, , for every monomer, and documenting each intervening linkage brings enormous analytical challenge.
Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide  is an essential coenzyme regulating numerous cellular metabolic pathways. In the last few decades, a growing number of studies have uncovered an additional, nonredox function of NAD in cellular physiology. The founding member of this family, Sir2 in yeasts and its mammalian homologue SIRT1, catalyzes a unique reaction in which the cleavage of NAD and the deacetylation of substrate are coupled to the formation of O acetyl ADP ribose  A common feature of all these “NAD dependent” enzymes is the cleavage of the ADP ribose moiety of NAD with the concomitant release of nicotinamide , which therefore serves as an endogenous end product inhibitor .
Adults in all human societies face the task of supervising and socializing the young to follow norms for acceptable behavior. Accordingly, the influence of adults is a central theme in the study of adolescent deviant behaviors such as delinquency and drug use. Most of this work focuses on parents , the adults with primary responsibility for these tasks and with whom children initially spend the most time.
Influenza viruses belong to the family Orthomyxoviridae and are divided into three genera A, B, and C . Influenza A and B viruses are responsible for the annual epidemics in humans . Contemporary influenza B viruses can be divided into two genetically and antigenically distinct lineages known as Victoria and Yamagata lineages .
Protein arginine methyltransferase  5 belongs to a family of enzymes that transfer a methyl group from S adenosylmethionine to the arginine side chains of histones and other proteins . PRMT members are divided into four types  based on patterns of arginine methylation. PRMT5 is a type II enzyme and generates ω NG monomethyl and ω NG,N’ G symmetric di methylarginine residues.
Control over a previous stressful experience is an important factor in determining an organism’s neural and behavioral response to future stressful events. On the other hand, both the ES and IS session elicit strong and indistinguishable HPA axis hormone secretion profiles . IS can also enhance the behavioral struggling responses to subsequent novel stressors , and is also known to produce a sensitized neural response  in the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus  to subsequent novel stress challenge .
The body responds to tissue damage and infection by mounting an inflammatory response that serves to protect the affected tissue from further insult. As a result, a thorough understanding of the many ways through which inflammation can be regulated is imperative for learning how to control and to treat inflammatory diseases . While there is some debate as to whether P. gingivalis derived LPS activates both TLR2 and TLR4, several studies indicate that both receptors can be stimulated by highly purified LPS or lipid A molecules, and by stimulation with the intact bacterium .
The cilium is a subcellular organelle that protrudes from the plasma membrane of almost every vertebrate cell. The cilium serves as a sensory organelle for developmental signals or as a motile structure that creates fluid flow . To date, nineteen BBS genes have been reported .
Mitochondria are essential for maintaining neuronal viability and neuronal function because of their ability to provide ATP, regulate calcium homeostasis and control Fe/S cluster biogenesis . Recent evidence demonstrates that mitochondria are highly dynamic structures that display significant variability in size, shape and distribution. Three such GTPases, Mfn1, Mfn2, and OPA1 regulate fusion in mammalian cells .
Ovarian cancer remains the most lethal gynecologic cancer, with approximately 15,000 ovarian cancer related deaths estimated in the United States in 2008 . Secretory leukocyte protease inhibitor  has been reported as one of the most commonly amplified genes in epithelial ovarian cancer , an observation that is explained in part by genomic amplification of the SLPI locus, 20q12 13 . Evidence also points towards direct roles for SLPI in tumor development and progression .
The obligate intracellular pathogen, Anaplasma phagocytophilum, survives and propagates primarily within neutrophils by reprogramming critical granulocyte functions. These modifications occur with active intracellular replication and with changes in host gene transcription. Moreover, delayed apoptosis is in part maintained by upregulated transcription of BCL2 family genes, whereas neutrophil recruitment is enhanced by upregulated chemokine gene transcription, especially IL8 .
Iron, copper, and zinc are three of the most abundant transition metals in biology and are essential components of most cells . The intracellular availability of these transition metals is tightly regulated , as both metal deficiency and excess are potentially toxic to a cell. To date, transition metal physiology within the oocyte has been studied exclusively using non mammalian model systems where the cell is larger and easily isolated in significant quantities, such as Xenopus laevis and Caenorhabditis elegans .
HIV drug resistance  testing is not routinely available in many resource limited settings , therefore ART program and site factors known to be associated with HIVDR should be monitored to optimize the quality of patient care and minimize the emergence of preventable HIVDR . In 2009, Namibia selected five World Health Organization Early Warning Indicators  and piloted abstraction at nine antiretroviral therapy  sites: ART prescribing practices, Patients lost to follow up  at 12 months, Patient retention on first line ART at 12 months, On time antiretroviral  drug pick up, and ARV drug supply continuity . Based on a review of available patient records, Namibia chose to pilot the following five EWIs: ART Prescribing practices, Patients lost to follow up  at 12 month, Patient retention on first line ART at 12 months, On time ARV drug pick up, and ARV drug supply continuity.
Rapamycin  is a specific inhibitor of the mTORC1 signaling complex, the central regulator of cell nutrient sensing and energy metabolism . Applied in high doses , rapa is a well known immune suppressant, used to prevent organ rejection . However, recent seminal studies highlighted the importance of nutrient sensing pathways during an immune response by showing that short term mTORC1 inhibition using low dose rapa  enhanced the development of antigen specific memory CD8 T cells during acute infection .
Compared with cone mediated photopic vision or rod mediated scotopic vision, mesopic vision is more complex because it involves both rods and cones, i.e., rod and cone signals interact with each other to contribute to our vision. Psychophysically, the activation of rods at mesopic light levels alters many cone dependent visual functions and perceptions , including color appearance , chromatic discrimination , and temporal processing  . Modern anatomical and physiological studies have identified three major neural retinogeniculate pathways in the primate visual system that convey retinal information to visual cortex, the magnocellular , parvocellular , and koniocellular  pathways .
Hyperthermia therapy for the treatment of solid tumors has been under investigation and used in clinical trials for several decades. at Duke University confirmed the European results for superficial tumors. One of the most significant barriers to wider acceptance of hyperthermia has been the lack of adequate temperature monitoring which has limited the optimization and control of the treatment at time of delivery .
Octadecyl rhodamine B  is a cationic amphiphile used in numerous studies including electronic energy transfer in organized molecular assemblies,  membrane structure,  and distances of closest approach between protein domains and membranes. The resultant FRET is analyzed in terms of a model that interprets acceptor surface density, and transfer efficiency with respect to separation distances or distances of closest approach  between the LDV FITC probe and multiple R18 acceptors incorporated into the plasma membrane . The plasma membrane is a system in which there is environmental heterogeneity.
Increasing evidence indicates that many cell types including fibroblasts respond to stresses, such as oxidative stress, inflammatory cytokines and various genotoxic agents, by engaging in a senescent like phenotype, which differs from replicative senescence in that no telomere shortening is detected . With compelling evidence for the existence of senescence in vivo , this irreversible cell cycle arrest state has been considered as an important tumor suppressor mechanism . Paradoxically, abundant evidence indicates that senescent fibroblasts secrete degradative enzymes, cytokines and growth factors, which closely resemble activated those of fibroblasts .
Liver ischemia and reperfusion injury , an exogenous Ag independent inflammatory event, occurs in multiple clinical settings, including partial hepatectomy, trauma, and transplantation. Our group was among the first to document that activation of TLR4 was required for the induction of IR triggered hepatic inflammation/damage . In agreement with others , we have reported that T lymphocytes, particularly of CD4 phenotype, represent the key mediators in IR triggered liver IRI .
Naked mole rats are eusocial African rodents that inhabit a cooperative social environment that is characterized by a reproductive hierarchy and division of labor . Naked mole rats live in large subterranean colonies where a single reproductively active breeding female, or queen, will mate and produce offspring for the entire colony . The queen actively suppresses reproduction in the remaining subordinate “worker” mole rats, and these animals engage in colony maintenance, defense, foraging and pup rearing .
Functional deficits after spinal cord injury  are caused primarily by destruction of axonal connections between neurons and failure of spontaneous axonal regeneration. Regeneration failure is attributed to factors intrinsic to injured neurons, including the inability to activate genetic growth programs  , and to extrinsic factors, including molecular inhibitors . An unfulfilled goal of spinal cord regeneration research remains the reinnervation of natural neuronal targets.
Nephrotoxic serum  mediated kidney disease is a well studied mouse model of glomerulonephritis  and has proven to be a valuable model providing insights into the mechanism of lupus nephritis . The severity of injury correlates directly with the dose of antibody injected. Infiltrated PMNs are activated by deposited immune complexes, which results in glomerular injury .
Peripheral neuropathy associated with agenesis of the corpus callosum is an autosomal recessive disease characterized by progressive sensorimotorneuropathy, mental retardation, dysmorphic features  and complete or partial agenesis of the corpuscallosum . In a mouse model where the KCC3gene was disrupted to produce a global knockout, an early onset and severe locomotordeficit similar to the crippling human peripheral neuropathy disorder was observed. The mice alsodeveloped high blood pressure , age related deafness , and renal dysfunction .
Reported rates of sphincter preserving surgery  for rectal cancer in the US range from 26.9% to 54.3% . Preservation of continence is an important goal, but will not be technically feasible in all patients. While reported rates have increased over time  with improved surgical technique  and preoperative imaging modalities , a large amount of institutional variability remains .
Rats display differential response to stress. Two groups of rat populations were identified, one exhibiting extreme aggression, and the other displaying docile behavior. It seems reasonable to suggest that just as not all rats within the same strain will be defeated , all rats within the same strain may not be aggressive .
Amyloid β  has been the most cited probable causative factor in Alzheimer’s disease  since the identification of Aβ in 1984 . As a result, significant amounts of research have been performed analyzing the relationship between Aβ42 and Aβ40 levels and cognitive performance in transgenic mice, and numerous articles have claimed a significant correlation between increased Aβ levels and cognitive decline  . One of the most common methods of experimentally assessing Aβ in AD is to subject transgenic AD mice to behavioral tests that assess memory/learning and then subsequently measure Aβ levels posttest .
Altered metabolism was among the earliest observed differences between cancer and healthy tissues. Under anaerobic conditions pyruvate is converted to lactate and ATP generation is limited . Overall, this change in metabolism in cancer cells is referred to as the Warburg effect and allows cells to meet the metabolic requirements of cell proliferation .
Chronic exposure to inorganic arsenic  in drinking water has been associated with cancer and it is suspected to cause other chronic diseases, including diabetes. There is, however, a high degree of inter individual variation in iAs metabolism and disease manifestation. Arsenic  methyltransferase  is the key enzyme in the pathway for the methylation of iAs.
Amide amide NOESY provides valuable distance constraints for calculating global folds of large proteins, which are especially important for proteins with high β sheet content. In extreme cases, such as β barrel proteins, amide amide constraints alone can be sufficient to define the overall topology. Amide amide NOESY is also useful for defining secondary structure elements and for confirming and extending backbone amide assignments.
Both coronary artery calcium  and the ankle brachial index  are measures of subclinical cardiovascular disease ., From a prevention perspective, it is important to monitor these subclinical CVD measures and determine which risk factors may contribute to their changes. In this regard, the direct effects of physical activity  on the development or progression of subclinical atherosclerosis are not well established. The ABI is used to detect peripheral artery disease , with a value < 0.90 being indicative of significant flow limiting atherosclerotic disease in the lower extremity,  which can lead to mobility loss  and mortality., However, it is unknown whether a population free of baseline CVD would show a similar association .
Failure to form an optimally vascularized and adequately invaded placenta may result in a range of pathologies, including recurrent miscarriage and pregnancy induced hypertension  . Many aspects of placental development are believed to be genetically determined and therefore genes responsible for placental development are obvious candidates for susceptibility to conditions associated with placental dysfunction, such as preeclampsia . We hypothesize that genes involved in early placental development and, in particular, trophoblast invasion, will be important regulators of placental invasion and that genetic variations in such genes may play a role in predisposing to the development of PIH .
Racial minorities are priority populations to reduce HIV/AIDS disparities in the United States. Despite these efforts, HIV related stigma undermines the optimal execution of these programs and adoption of healthier behaviors . HIV related stigma is associated with decreased likelihood of HIV testing,  , reducing HIV treatment engagement and maintenance  , reducing the quality of care for persons living with HIV/AIDS  , and reducing the efficacy of HIV preventive interventions behaviors   .
The intestine is exposed constantly to many antigens and innate immune stimuli, including dietary constituents, commensal bacteria and pathogens . The intestinal immune system must discriminate between these different agents, mounting protective immunity against pathogens, but developing active tolerance to harmless materials. If this process fails, inappropriate responses can lead to inflammatory bowel diseases and celiac disease.
It is well established that regular participation in vigorous and moderate intensity physical activity lowers the risk of cardiovascular disease  and CVD mortality. Accordingly, efforts to identify adults at elevated risk for physical activity associated cardiovascular complications usually center on assessment of CVD risk factors and/or diagnosis of occult CVD . For adults, such screening can take many forms and varies in formality and thoroughness, from physician led examination and testing, to cardiovascular health assessments by allied health professionals, to self administered health questionnaires .
It is well established that the NF κB family of transcription factors plays a critical role in B cell physiology,. In addition, mature B cells depend on continuous signaling through the canonical NF κB pathway, in which activation of the IKK complex, which consists of IKK1, IKK2  and NF κB essential modulator  , plays a central role. In contrast, the role of NF κB signaling in B cell development remains unclear, and is indeed highly controversial .
Many glomerular diseases accompany proteinuria, and structural damage develops along the downstream tubule. Clinical studies indicated that the level of proteinuria predicts the risk of developing into end stage renal failure . pointed to uncertainties underlying those studies.
The mesolimbic dopamine  pathway is composed of DA neurons in the ventral tegmental area  of the midbrain that project to the dorsal striatum, hippocampus, amygdala, and prefrontal cortex . This diffuse modulatory pathway is involved in attention to rewarding stimuli, learned behavior, and drug addiction . It is believed that VTA DA neurons are inhibited by local GABA interneurons, and projection GABA neurons from other brain regions .
Differentiated thyroid cancer  constitutes approximately 95% of thyroid carcinomas. DTC arises from aberrant follicular cells and is classified histologically as either papillary, follicular , or poorly differentiated., However, 723% of patients develop distant metastases, and two thirds of patients with distant metastases become RAI refractory. These patients have poor prognosis, and lack of effective therapy  makes their clinical management difficult.
The response of insects to microbial infections encompasses several distinct mechanisms . Melanin plug formation results from the polymerization of highly reactive orthoquinones, which are themselves produced by the oxidation of mono  or diphenol compounds. The fat body, a functional analogue of the vertebrate liver, synthesizes large quantities of potent antimicrobial peptides  that are released in the hemolymph, where they combat invading microorganisms.
The autonomic nervous system  plays a crucial role in the tonic maintenance of blood pressure . Additionally, it has been known for decades that MSNA among normotensive individuals of both sexes can vary greatly, despite similar levels of resting BP . investigated this paradox and showed that BP in young men is regulated by a balance between cardiac output   and sympathetic neural control of peripheral resistance .
Asthma is a complex heterogeneous disorder, with a broad spectrum of phenotypes ranging from mild to severe disease with varying degrees of responsiveness to standard steroid therapy. Traditionally, asthma is viewed as an eosinophilic airway disorder and research has focused on the role of T helper  2 cells and cytokines  in promoting these pathological features. Severe asthma differs from mild or moderate persistent asthma as it can often be characterized by neutrophilic inflammation in the presence or absence of classical TH2 induced eosinophilic inflammation.
Acanthamoeba keratitis  is a debilitating, extremely painful and vision impairing infection of the cornea caused by parasites of genus Acanthamoeba . In immunocompetent individuals, cornea is the single tissue most susceptible to infection by Acanthamoebae. Contact lens wear is thought to be the leading risk factor .
Protein splicing is an auto catalytic posttranslational process in which an in frame protein fusion, called an intein, is excised from the precursor protein with the concomitant ligation of the two flanking exteins, the N  and C exteins. Inteins have been widely used in protein engineering, labeling, purification, and control of protein functions. Inteins are also attractive drug targets as they are only found in unicellular organisms.
Over the past three decades, fretting and corrosion of modular taper connections has been studied in the context of total hip arthroplasty . While a considerable amount of research has been conducted to determine the prevalence and associated factors of fretting corrosion for modular junctions in THA , comparatively little is known about the risk of fretting corrosion in components for total knee arthroplasty  . Modularity affords the surgeon greater flexibility to restore knee function and stability for the patient.
Macrocyclic antibiotics were first introduced as a new class of chiral selectors for enantioseparations by HPLC and capillary electrophoresis in 1994. There are many structurally related oligophenolic glycopeptides belonging to the later group which have proven to be useful. They all show great selectivity over a wide rage of chiral molecules including amino acids, carboxylic acids and neutral compounds.
The differentiation fates of cells are often influenced by the intercellular signals that cells receive. This influence is usually manifested by a coordinated change in gene expression, often through the regulation of transcription factors within cells. A number of mechanisms have been described that are used during signaling to regulate the activities of transcription factors.
Prolonged hypertension is a prevalent and significant contributor to morbidity and mortality from heart failure. Therefore, a whole food approach rather than altered nutrients alone may be a more appropriate dietary intervention to alter hypertension and related pathologies, including heart failure . Previous studies by our group showed that in Dahl Salt Sensitive rats fed with a high salt diet, dietary intake of whole table grape powder significantly reduced blood pressure but did not prevent the development of hypertension.
Ganaxolone , the 3β methyl analog of the progesterone metabolite allopregnanolone, is the first neurosteroid related agent to be evaluated in man for the drug treatment of epilepsy . According to a widely held definition, neurosteroids are endogenous steroids that directly modulate neural excitability through non genomic actions. The most studied and best accepted molecular target of neurosteroids is GABAA receptors .
Protein kinases play key regulatory roles for many processes in cells, influencing signal transduction cascades by the phosphorylation of target proteins. As such, misregulated kinases are associated with many types of human disease. For example, activating mutations are a common and recurrent cause of diverse types of cancer .
Bronchopulmonary dysplasia  is the most common cause of pulmonary morbidity in premature infants. Infants with BPD are at increased risk for death, and survivors have life long morbidities. Despite the increased survival of extremely premature infants, BPD remains a major morbidity., Approximately 40% of infants born between 22 and 28 weeks gestation are diagnosed with BPD, defined as oxygen supplementation at 36 weeks postmenstrual age .,, Developing drugs to prevent or treat BPD, a major goal of neonatal care over the past 20 years, would substantially decrease long term morbidity and reduce healthcare costs of premature infants .
Arterially perfused right and left ventricular wedge preparations have proved valuable in the elucidation of the cellular basis for the electrocardiogram  and the mechanisms underlying a variety of arrhythmogenic syndromes, including the Brugada, long QT, and short QT syndromes  as well as conduction disease, catecholaminergic VT , and ischemia related arrhythmias. , In all cases, transmural heterogeneities, or differences in the action potential duration and morphology across the ventricular wall, have been shown to contribute prominently to arrhythmogenesis attending these syndromes . Timothy syndrome, also referred to as syndactyly associated long QT syndrome  or LQT8, is a multisystem disorder characterized by developmental defects causing dysmorphic facial features including round face, flat nasal bridge, receding upper jaw, thin upper lip and webbing of the toes and fingers .
Obesity is a major public health concern. Despite efforts to decrease obesity prevalence, the number of obese adults continues to rise. Exercise, and more commonly physical activity  are used to increase energy expenditure .
Loma Linda University, in collaboration with Northern Illinois University and UC Santa Cruz, has built and tested a pre clinical prototype proton CT  scanner based on a design presented previously . The system is designed for scanning of head sized phantoms and small animals. This report presents some of our preliminary test results for the scanner installed on the research beam line at Loma Linda University Medical Center  .
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  are a diverse family of ligand gated cation channels found primarily in neuronal and muscle cells in humans. Structurally, each nAChR exists as either a homopentamer of α subunits or a heteropentamer of α and β proteins. The α6 containing nAChRs are primarily expressed at the presynaptic endings of catecholaminergic neurons in the brain, where their activity modulates the release of dopamine  and norepinephrine.
The human pathogen, Helicobacter pylori, has colonized the stomach of the majority of humans for millennia . The fact that only a small percentage of infected patients develop H. pylori related disease is believed to result from a combination of bacterial, host, and environmental factors . These include a high frequency of spontaneous mutation, gene conversion, transposition, and natural competence .
Testicular germ cell carcinoma  is the most common malignancyin younger men. Age, history of undescended testes, family history of testicular cancer, and race/ethnicity are the only established risk factors for the disease . Although not entirely consistent, associations observed for inguinal hernia, estrogen excess during gestation, maximal height attained, and the relatively young age at which testicular cancers are diagnosed compared to other cancers suggest that early life events are involved in testicular cancer carcinogenesis .
Sterol carrier protein 2  is known as a nonspecific intracellular lipid carrier. The majority of the members of the SCP 2 protein family are multidomain proteins . It is evident that single SCP 2 domain genes are expanded in mosquitoes.
As a term, hypoxia, in its most encompassing, indicates a diminished availability of oxygen. Outside the primary care setting, pulmonary disease associated hypoxia often significantly impacts well being, as the acute and overt consequences of labored breathing, dyspnea, and dizziness significantly suppresses the performance of activities of daily living . Less dramatic hypoxia precipitates a variety of symptoms that elicit the subjective feelings of sickness including malaise, fatigue, lethargy and loss of interest in the physical and social environment.
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ http://medicare.gov/hospitalcompare website makes available to the public quality of care data from over 4,000 hospitals in the United States. The website is designed such that patients can make side by side comparisons of hospitals that are geographically close to one another with the stated purpose to “help you make decisions about where you get your health care.” Among the measures that CMS reports on the website are a group of surgical process of care measures called the Surgical Care Improvement Project . CMS hopes that patients will be able to choose among surgical providers using SCIP data as a guidepost for differentiating higher quality centers.
Retail clinics provide a new model of urgent care. Located in retail stores such as pharmacy, discount, or grocery chains, these clinics require no appointments, are open on weekends and evenings, report little waiting time, and offer services limited to immunizations and treatment of minor acute conditions. Compared to outpatient physicians, retail clinics serve a population that is younger, more likely to be uninsured, and less likely to have a primary care physician.
Systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis  is a chronic inflammatory disease of childhood characterized by a combination of systemic features  and arthritis. Compared to normal monocytes, SJIA monocytes produce more pro inflammatory cytokines, including IL 1β and IL 6 . Uncontrolled monocyte activation may result from a killing defect in NK cells.
Hematopoietic cell transplantation  is a complex treatment procedure for various malignant and non malignant hematological disorders. Patients who undergo allogeneic HCT often experience post transplant complications which may lead to prolonged hospitalizations, readmissions or even death. Patients who may benefit from allogeneic HCT are often referred to larger treatment centers.
Proteases play a critical role in tumorigenesis by facilitating rapid cell cycling, mediating local invasion, fueling angiogenesis, and promoting metastasis . Specifically, cathepsin B , a lysosomal cysteine protease, has been shown to be involved in tumor initiation, hyperproliferation, and de differentiation and is up regulated in early human colon adenomas, carcinomas and metastasic lesions . The central role of CTSB in carcinogenesis suggests that it is not only a promising target for therapy or chemoprevention, but for molecular detection of neoplasia  .
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration  describes a heterogeneous group of non Alzheimer forms of dementia with onset of illness usually before 65 years of age arising from the degeneration of the frontal and temporal lobes. The main clinical syndrome in FTLD is frontotemporal dementia , though related disorders of semantic dementia  and progressive non fluent aphasia  stem from differing topographical distributions of what is considered to be a similar underlying pathology . However, a tau negative, ubiquitin positive  histology  is the most common histological change underlying FTLD and accounts for about 55% of cases .
Atherosclerosis has been linked to multiple risk factors including hypertension, elevated cholesterol, smoking, diabetes, and obesity. The adductor canal  is the region in which the femoral artery passes from the anterior thigh at the femoral triangle, between the vastus and adductor muscles, to the posterior thigh at the adductor hiatus where it exits the canal and becomes the popliteal artery . This region of the artery is relatively straight and free of major branches, yet is a prevalent site for disease , suggesting that mechanical factors are especially important here.
The senile plaque is a pathological hallmark of Alzheimer’s disease  and is composed of β amyloid , activated microglia, astrocytes and degenerating neurons . However, their exact role in the pathogenesis of AD remains to be elucidated. Aβ can activate microglia to produce cytokines and neurotoxins, hence promoting neurodegeneration .
T1 weighted gradient echo and T2 weighted spin echo imaging is a routine component of pediatric abdominal MRI for evaluation of the abdomen. Although respiratory triggering and navigation is routinely used for T2 weighted imaging and coronary imaging , there has been less attention to mitigating motion artifacts in T1 weighted imaging. One common approach is phase reordering .
Molecular screening lies at the foundation of biological tests in the clinic and at the bench, with specific examples including expression profiling of messenger RNA to connect drug responses to disease  and microRNA profiling for cancer diagnostics. Few commercial platforms exist and are limited by their coding scheme to scan up to ∼ 100 targets at a time. It can also be viewed as a limitation in throughput, when considering sample pooling .
5 Fluorouracil  based neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy has become standard care for patients with advanced rectal cancer, resulting in decreased local recurrence rates, improved tolerance of prescribed therapy, improved organ preservation, and fewer treatment related complications . Molecular mechanisms resulting in therapeutic resistance in colorectal cancer  are poorly understood. Therefore, investigating molecular pathways associated with chemoradiation resistance should provide insight into tumor cell survival mechanisms and identify novel targets to improve CRC response to therapy .
Brugada syndrome  is a primary arrhythmogenic disease that can cause sudden cardiac death in young populations. It is inherited as an autosomal dominant trait, with approximately 20% of BrS cases caused by mutations in the SCN5A gene that encodes the α subunit of the cardiac sodium channel. Electrophysiological studies using animal models and mammalian cell lines have suggested that reduced sodium currents account for loss of the epicardial action potential  dome, which may lead to the exaggeration of the transmural AP dispersion in the right ventricular outflow tract and gives rise to the typical ST segment elevation in the right precordial electrocardiogram  leads.
Cystine  and cysteine residues are important for protein structure and function. In their reduced form, cysteines participate in the active site of different enzymes and, together with histidine, are the two most common residues involved in the coordination of zinc ions in Zn finger motifs  . In a seminal work,  showed that chemical shifts of proteins can be computed accurately by quantum chemical approaches.
Uterine leiomyosarcoma  is a high risk malignancy that is diagnosed in only a few thousand women each year in the United States. Median survival for women with advanced or unresectable, recurrent disease is less than one year. Treatment regimens that can achieve objective response in patients with advanced or recurrent uterine LMS include doxorubicin with or without ifosfamide  and fixed dose rate gemcitabine plus docetaxel .
Centrosome duplication in somatic cells is regulated so that the parental centrosome assembles one and only one daughter centrosome during each division cycle . Restricting the centrosome duplication cycle to once per cell cycle is crucial; the loss of this control can lead to abnormal centrosome duplication and tumorigenesis . Such a potential template would spatially restrict the formation of new centrioles, thereby limiting centrosome duplication to once per cell cycle.
Cancer of the skin is one of the most common types of human cancers. eIF4E controls the translation of various malignancy associated mRNAs which are involved in polyamine synthesis, cell cycle progression, activation of proto oncogenes, angiogenesis, autocrine growth stimulation, cell survival, invasion and communication with the extracellular environment. It was also reported that abrogation of the phosphorylation of the translation initiation factor eIF 2 causes malignant transformation of NIH3T3 cells .
Rabies is an important zoonotic disease that is estimated to kill at least 60 000 people worldwide each year . It is caused by the rabies virus, a non segmented, negative strand lyssavirus in the Rhabdoviridae family. Therefore, there is a great need to decrease RABV infection in dogs  and to develop new therapeutics to successfully extend the window of successful post exposure treatment from days to perhaps weeks or months.
Although diabetes prevalence and incidence continues to increase in the United States , the burden of diabetes varies greatly among race/ethnicity subgroups, with nationally representative data indicating African Americans having the highest prevalence followed by Latinos and whites . Diabetes burden also varies among US immigrants by place of birth, with foreign born Asians having the highest diabetes prevalence . When compared to US born individuals, diabetes prevalence is typically higher among foreign born individuals .
For decades, psychopathy researchers have theorized that the extreme affective and behavioral traits that characterize the disorder could arise through different causal mechanisms. Based on this etiological perspective, two classes of psychopaths have been proposed. In the “primary” subtype, psychopathy is presumed to arise directly from some fundamental intrinsic deficit, likely involving innate dysfunction in basic affective and attentional mechanisms.
Diffusion tensor MRI  has emerged as a promising tool for in vivo studies of muscle architecture , damage and inflammatory processes , microstructure , and for quantitative interpretation of blood oxygenation level dependent  contrast effects . Several recent quantitative muscle architecture studies have used DT MRI based muscle fiber tractography . and subsequently confirmed in studies of both skeletal  and cardiac  muscle.
An essential function of the visual system is to maintain stable representations of the environment across saccadic eye movements. As the eyes move, the retinotopic  positions of objects change, while their spatiotopic  positions remain stable. One idea is that the apparent stability of visual perception is due in part to neural “remapping”, updating the spatial receptive field of a neuron with each saccade, often before the saccade is completed.
For persons with severe mental illness , the period following discharge from inpatient psychiatric treatment is frequently a period of significant personal disequilibrium. Disengagement from mental health services and other supports jeopardizes the potential for future community adjustment, and warrants interventions that establish, maintain and strengthen adequate linkages to ongoing care . Researchers have focused on continuity of care  as a key indicator of quality of care in health services generally , including in the domain of mental health services  for persons with severe mental illness .
Helicobacter pylori infects half of the world’s population and is a causative agent of gastritis, peptic ulcer, gastric cancer and lymphoma . The host response to H. pylori provides an environment in which epithelial cells may be damaged by mediators of inflammation including cytokines , proteases and reactive oxygen and nitrogen species . Apoptosis is executed by the activation of caspases which act as effector molecules .
It is widely appreciated that with aging comes an increasing risk of cancer incidence, yet epidemiologic data indicate that at ages greater than about 60 years, the rate at which incidence increases begins to diminish, and at sufficiently old ages, may even decrease . This explanation is insufficient, however, as studies in animal models demonstrate the same pattern . A second contributing factor is variation among individuals in intrinsic cancer susceptibility, also referred to as frailty .
The blood brain barrier  is one of the most challenging factors for effective diagnosis and treatment of brain diseases. The poor clinical outcomes were presumably the result of the BBB and other challenges inherent in tumor drug delivery . Other works have demonstrated improvements in survival and decreased tumor growth in animal tumor models .
Postoperative hypersensitivity  can be defined as pain in a tooth associated with mastication or with contact with hot, cold, sweet, or sour stimuli that occurs 1 week or more posttreatment. Pain associated with clenching, which may indicate a restoration in hyperocclusion, is typically excluded from definitions of POH . A 2006 survey of the authors’ practice based research network  revealed that POH following posterior resin based composite  restorations is a common concern among its member practitioner investigators.
Long lived serological memory is the product of long lived memory B cells  and plasma cells . Bmem cells are long lived although their half life is as yet undefined in both mouse and man . Lastly, PCs residing in the bone marrow  are long lived cells, quiescent, terminally differentiated and produce Ig for long periods of time  .
Adolescents’ involvement in high risk sexual behaviors renders them vulnerable to unplanned pregnancies and sexually transmitted infection  . An emerging body of research has investigated this problem from the perspective of Life History Theory  . LHT, a branch of evolutionary biology, maintains that organisms maximize their reproductive success in response to environmental conditions .
We report here on a new genome scan meta analysis   of genome wide linkage scans  of schizophrenia . But an adequately powered GWLS can detect a signal from many kinds of susceptibility variants  in one or more loci in a region. Meta analysis can achieve much larger sample sizes than single studies.
Regaining mobility at the community level is a fundamental component of successful rehabilitation among stroke survivors . Being able to move around in the community is multidimensional capability, reflecting not only physical function but also cognitive function, social integration, and community participation. However, current research on poststroke mobility has focused primarily on visible physical attributes, for example, gait performance .
Stress is considered to be an important factor in the initiation, maintenance and relapse to alcohol abuse . Human laboratory studies have supported a strong positive relationship between experimentally induced stress and alcohol related behaviours. Furthermore, preliminary studies conducted in our laboratory have demonstrated that heavy drinkers who ordinarily engage in binge drinking consume more alcohol during stress, compared to heavy drinkers who do not binge .
Parkinson disease  is an age associated neurodegenerative disease clinically defined as a progressive movement disorder. PD is manifested as motor impairment with characteristic symptoms including resting tremor, rigidity, postural instability and bradykinesia. GSH depletion during PD precedes mitochondrial damage and dopamine loss and the degree of its loss has been observed to correlate with disease severity .
Dynamic cerebral autoregulation adjusts cerebral perfusion pressure  in response to arterial pressure fluctuations on a beat to beat basis within a relatively short time, ranging from 6 to 12 sec . Impairment of autoregulation is observed after traumatic brain injury  , and it is one of the mechanisms rendering the brain vulnerable to secondary ischemia and leading to fatal outcomes . Reliable assessment of cerebral autoregulation is clinically important for monitoring of patients requiring neurological intensive care .
Ras genes frequently sustain oncogenic mutations in human and rodent cancers and many immortalized cell lines can be transformed by introduction of activated Ras alleles such as H RasV12 . CCAAT/enhancer binding protein β  is a bZIP transcription factor that is post translationally regulated by growth factor signals transmitted through Ras kinases and their downstream effectors, as well as by oncogenic H RasV12 . Moreover, using Myc/Rafinduced transformation of C/EBPβ−/−bone marrow we found a critical role for C/EBPβ in proliferation and survival of macrophage like tumor cells .
Membrane proteins carry out their functions by changing their structures under specific environmental cues. The M2 protein forms a pH gated tetrameric proton channel in the virus envelope that is important for virus replication . The structure of a longer construct of the M2 protein containing the transmembrane domain was also reported .
The kidney derives from the intermediate mesoderm  that is a narrow strip of mesodermal cells sandwiched between the paraxial mesoderm and the lateral plate mesoderm. During embryogenesis, three sets of nephric structures  emerge from the nephric cord within the IM in succession from an anterior to posterior direction. In mammals, the metanephric kidney is the definitive kidney.
Stroke is the third major cause of death and the leading cause of long term disability in the U.S. Although men are at greater risk for stroke, older women have a higher risk for stroke than men , more fatal strokes, greater post stroke disability and mental impairment . However, hormone therapy to postmenopausal women significantly increases the risk for stroke , while, paradoxically, low dose oral estrogen based contraceptives does not significantly increase stroke risk in young women .
Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation  is a curative therapy for hematological malignancies , owing to the graft versus leukemia/lymphoma  effect mediated by alloreactive T cells, but graft versus host disease  mediated by the same alloreactive T cells remains as a major obstacle . Critical cellular interactions occur in secondary lymphoid organs such as mesenteric lymph nodes  that function as the meeting ground between host APCs and donor T cells . Activated T cells subsequently migrate to epithelial tissues such as the gut and skin to cause GVHD  .
Arterial spin labeling   is a magnetic resonance  method for the measurement of tissue perfusion, and has been most widely used for the evaluation of cerebral blood flow  . In combination with measurements of other MR parameters , evolving tissue status can be assessed over experimental time courses of minutes or hours  . Quantification of CBF using ASL methods is an active area of research .
In settings as diverse as malignant transformation to stem cell differentiation, when cells change their identities, epigenetic mechanisms mediate and finalize these new cellular identities. They arise de novo or progress from lower grade to higher grade over time . Recent work has assisted in classification of glioma tumors .
Cyclooxygenase II  is one of two enzymes that catalyze the rate limiting step in the synthesis of prostaglandins. In contrast to the widespread constitutive expression of COX 1, COX 2 is strongly inducible by a variety of agents in a limited number of cell types, including neoplastic tissues . COX 2 is associated with mammographic density, a significant risk factor for breast cancer .
We report a boy who received two allogeneic stem cell transplantations from umbilical cord donors to treat chronic granulomatous disease . The CGD was cured after the second transplantation, but 2½ years later, he was diagnosed with Duchenne muscular dystrophy  . Examinations of his DNA, muscle tissue, and myoblast cultures derived from muscle tissue were performed to determine whether any donor dystrophin was being expressed .
The central auditory system changes as a function of experience, reorganizing throughout the lifespan according to available auditory input. One way of shaping the auditory system is to use auditory training exercises. Animal studies have shown that auditory processing can be altered with training and such changes have been attributed to a number of processes including: 1) greater numbers of neurons responding in the sensory field, 2) improved neural synchrony , and 3) de correlated activity among neurons, whereby each neuron responds differently in relation to their functional specificity relative to other members of the population  Scalp recorded brain activity  has been used to measure training related changes in humans.
Macroautophagy  is a catabolic process in which sequestered cytosolic components are delivered to a specialized compartment for degradation by lysosomal hydrolases. As this process has been elucidated, it is become apparent that autophagosome maturation is a complex sequential, step wise process that involves fusion with multiple components of the endo lysosomal system to produce autolysosomes with degradative capacity . VCP  is a highly conserved AAA+ ATPase that regulates a wide array of cellular processes.
Cortical bone is a composite material containing approximately 25% water by volume . In normal bone, most of the water is loosely bound to the organic matrix . Specifically, higher pore water fraction is seen in more porous and weaker bone, whereas higher bound water fraction  is seen in stronger bone.
The prognosis for patients with high grade brain tumors such as glioblastoma multiforme  remains poor. Photodynamic therapy  has been investigated as a postoperative treatment option following surgical tumor resection . PDT is a local form of treatment involving the administration of a tumor localizing photosensitizing drug that is spatially activated by light of a specific wavelength .
The turkey, Meleagris gallopavo, is native to North America and exists widely as both an important wild bird and the second most widely consumed poultry meat species in developed countries. It is surprising that the turkey, an ecologically and agriculturally important species, lacks a whole mtGenome sequence, which is one of the reasons why the phylogenetic relationship between the turkey and other avian species, especially gallinaceous birds, is also very little understood. The few avian phylogenetic studies that involved the turkey include that by , which used restriction enzyme based maps involving 161 restriction sites to describe relationships among the turkey and six other phasianoids that were different from those by traditional and protein based comparisons.
Health effects associated with air pollution have been studied in various cities around the world . Recent studies have found significant heterogeneity of PM associated health effects across cities or regions . More recent epidemiological studies have analyzed health outcomes associated with estimated exposure to PM related constituents , in addition to the standard PM mass metrics  .
Ornithine lipids  belong to a class of fatty acylated amino acids that do not contain either glycerol or phosphate. Finally, we have recently noted that OL’s are one of the lipid species that remain associated to cytochrome c oxidase , when purified and crystallized from R. sphaeroides  . To date, ornithine is the only type of non glycerol and non phosphate containing lipoamino acid reported to be present in R. sphaeroides .
Radiation exposure from a nuclear accident or a radiological attack may cause death from acute radiation syndrome , which results from radiation injury to key organ systems such as the hematopoietic system . Hematopoiesis is a radiation sensitive process and complications from radiation injury arise rapidly because radiation destroys both proliferating progenitor cells in the bone marrow and mature circulating cells in the peripheral blood . After 2  to 8 Gy radiation exposure, damage to the hematopoietic compartment occurs, with pancytopenia and anemia evident after lower radiation doses and peripheral blood and hematopoietic stem/progenitor cell  loss along with pancytopenia, marrow aplasia and spontaneous bleeding after higher doses of 48 Gy  .
Human adolescents are at an increased risk of alcohol use. According to the 2006 Monitoring the Future National Survey, 6% of 8th graders, 19% of 10th graders and 30% of 12th graders reported being drunk within the past 30 days . Similarly, adolescent rats show high levels of social behavior, with these social interactions being essential for developing the ability to express and understand intraspecific communication signals .
Ischemic heart disease is the leading cause of death worldwide. Despite the reduction in mortality rates, as a result of the use of pharmacological agents and percutaneous and surgical coronary intervention, the permanent net loss of contractile cardiac tissue initiates sequelae of congestive heart failure, life threatening arrhythmias, and ultimately death. One of the fundamental principles of this approach is that the newly formed tissue must maintain its own blood supply to support cellular proliferation, induce structural support and promote tissue regeneration.
Making medical decisions in the context of serious illness is stressful, especially for surrogate decision makers. Although advance directive forms were developed in part to ease the burden of surrogate decision making,   a growing body of literature demonstrates that surrogates often feel unsupported and experience emotional burden and post traumatic stress. Understanding the factors associated with surrogate stress is critical given the important role of surrogates in end of life decision making.
Control of mixing and transport in capillary bioreactors and biofouled capillary membranes is an important engineering challenge in industrial and biomedical systems. Staphylococcus epidermidis is a gram positive, coagulase negative member of the bacterial genus Staphylococcus. Commonly found on human skin, S. epidermidis is the most common species used in laboratory tests.
Polychlorinated biphenyls  were commercially manufactured in the United States from 1930 to 1970 for use as dielectrics in transformers and capacitors, and as cooling fluids in hydraulic systems. Nevertheless these compounds remain in use and in our environment today and represent a potential human health hazard  . The carcinogenicity of PCBs in humans has been examined in several epidemiological studies, and associations have been noted in some studies between PCB exposure and cancers of the liver, biliary tract, and intestines, as well as malignant melanoma .
Freezing of biological tissue is emerging in biomedical applications to treat diseased tissues  or to preserve tissues . Cryotherapies are minimally invasive surgical techniques to destroy malignant tissues by freezing while sparing surrounding normal tissues. This can provide a prolonged time window for transplantation and implantation surgery, and ultimately “off the shelf” availability of engineered tissues .
Depression is an often overlooked but pervasive disorder having a lifetime prevalence of 16% among the U.S. population  with women twice as likely to be affected as men . In women, depression has been studied in relation to polycystic ovarian syndrome , in vitro fertilization treatment success , and premenstrual dysphoric disorder . In addition, women with mental disorders, including clinical depression, are more likely to report menstrual cycle disturbances .
It is evident from pre clinical studies that tumor cells can be recognized by the immune system . Current research has focused on improving tumor vaccine strategies in order to elicit more potent anti tumor immune responses . However, the promising results from the pre clinical data have not translated into significant clinical benefit for cancer patients.
Musculoskeletal models of the shoulder typically represent muscle lines of action as a collection of line segments . These models have been useful for a wide variety of applications including simulating surgical procedures , investigating wheelchair mechanics , and controlling neuroprostheses . However, shoulder muscles have characteristics that make them challenging to represent using line segment representations.
Our knowledge of the prospective association between two major public health problems of adolescents, depression and the use of addictive substances, remains limited. Smokeless tobacco use in adolescence has been infrequently studied, but smokeless tobacco is used in early adolescence, and efforts to ban it in some countries, including Finland, have not restricted its use . Cross sectional designs suggest that smokeless tobacco may associate with mood related symptoms  .
Pelvic floor muscles  in women, which support the pelvic organs, include the levator ani and the coccygeus muscles, but do not include the external urethral sphincter  or the external anal sphincter. The PFM in female rats has a similar bowl shaped anatomic organization as humans with some exceptions, such as lack of a recognized puborectalis muscle. , There are conflicting opinions regarding levator ani and pudendal nerve innervation of the PFM.
Atherosclerosis contributes to nearly one half of the mortality in the western world and is growing in epidemic proportions in rapidly developing countries in Asia. High levels of blood cholesterol, high blood pressure, obesity, diabetes, stress, and lifestyles including smoking are among the risk factors contributing to this alarming increase in this disease. However, these therapeutic modalities do not decrease atherosclerotic plaque burden.
RNA molecules are extremely versatile functional biopolymers that participate in key informational pathways that characterize living organisms on Earth. Far from being simply coding for proteins as mRNA, a plethora of non coding RNAs are actively contributing to proteins translation as ribosomal RNAs and transfer RNAs, and various catalytic and regulatory functions as ribozymes, riboswitches and regulatory elements. Understanding how RNA folding and assembly can be controlled in order to create any desired functional shapes made of RNA is therefore an important and challenging problem, with numerous implications in the developments of therapeutics and tools for nano medicine and synthetic biology applications .
Chelatable iron and other transition metals such as copper catalyze formation of highly reactive hydroxyl radical  from H2O2 and superoxide , which damages DNA, proteins and membranes . Cytoprotection by desferal in various models of oxidative stress and hypoxia/ischemia suggests a role for iron in the pathogenesis of injury . In hepatocytes, generation of reactive oxygen species , including H2O2, O2• , and OH•, contributes to lethal cell injury from oxidative stress, various hepatotoxicants and ischemia/reperfusion .
The myriad of changes that occur in adolescence require substantial revision to the systems responsible for understanding one's experience. The socialization style observed among girls likely reflects the nature of both the biological changes initiated by adolescence, and the socio cognitive transformations that accompany this maturation . In the service of establishing and maintaining these essential social norms, adolescent girls are known to employ a unique form of aggression to enforce social compliance.
Macroevolutionary studies of neuroanatomy tend to show coordinated variation of different brain structures that are related to developmental constraints. Alternatively, mosaic evolution will be more likely when different brain regions are relatively independent from one another, thus giving rise to distinct modules. Although this relative interdependence of different brain components has a macroevolutionary result, it also has a microevolutionary origin and thus requires an intraspecific context to be addressed .
Studies on both animals  and humans  have suggested a role for pathogens in the etiology of atherosclerosis, including cytomegalovirus , herpes simplex virus , hepatitis A virus , Helicobacter pylori , and particularly Chlamydia pneumoniae . The observation that periodontitis is related to atherosclerosis  further supports an infectious etiology. In addition to individual pathogens, pathogen burden  has been also found in association with atherosclerosis  .
Almost half of all deaths due to childhood pneumonia occur in sub Saharan African . For over two decades, these guidelines have recommended classification into four classes of severity based on clinical signs at initial presentation with inpatient management reserved for the severe categories   . Recently, however, the WHO undertook a major revision of these guidelines.
Stroke patients with higher density of cerebral blood vessels fare better and survive longer than those with lower vascular density . Arteriogenesis and angiogenesis serve as efficient mechanisms to restore perfusion with oxygen and nutrition in the ischemic brain and promote long term functional recovery in patients treated with or without thrombolysis for stroke . Adult bone marrow stromal cells  selectively target the injury site, participate in arteriogenesis and angiogenesis, and induce a neovascular response resulting in a significant increase in blood flow to the ischemic area which aids in repair of injured brain .
The microbiota plays an essential role in regulating intestinal homeostasis through its capacity to modulate various biological activities ranging from barrier, immunity and metabolic function. Whether microbial dysbiosis observed in CRC patients is a consequence of the pathology or is a causal, active modifier of disease outcome remains to be defined. Importantly, inflammation experienced by IBD patients is associated with a higher abundance of Enterobacteriaceae/E.
HDACs are a family of enzymes that were initially characterized as histone deacetylases . Reversible histone acetylation on lysine residues is a dynamic and highly regulated post translational modification which plays a central role in gene regulation and chromatin remodeling . This is due in part to the existence of at least eleven HDAC family members in the human genome .
B cell commitment, survival, and immunoglobulin assembly are all products of a carefully orchestrated network of transcription factors guiding gene expression. Deletion of either PU.1 or Ikaros in mice leads to a block in HSC differentiation into CLPs and a lack of expression of downstream B cell specific transcription factors. The transcription factors E2A, EBF and Pax5 are each required for the transition from CLPs to the pro B cell stage.
All of us experience the involuntary shaking of the hands which is physiological tremor. This tremor places severe constraints on motor performance. Individuals with exceptionally precise motor control, such as champion dart players and microsurgeons, have very low tremor; drugs which artificially reduce tremor are banned in many sports.
Inhibition of AR function is standard therapy for the initial presentation of disseminated prostate cancer . However, treatment almost invariably fails leading to the emergence of castration resistant prostate cancer . The AR functions as a driver of G1 progression through cross communication with the cell cycle machinery and regulation of transcription of genes that control the G1 S transition .
Chemokines are 812 kDa sized secreted proteins that mediate the directed migration  of leukocytes. The chemokine family encompasses nearly fifty members, which are classified based on the relative position of their conserved N terminal cysteine residues . Chemokines elicit intracellular responses via G protein coupled receptors .
The Botzinger complex  is a neuronal population of expiratory  neurons with an augmenting  discharge pattern within the most rostral extension of the ventral respiratory column  in the vicinity of the retrofacial nucleus . The BOT region and surrounding reticular formation also contain some E units with decrementing  discharge patterns  as well as other respiratory related neurons . During cough, the activation of E dec units promotes the termination of the cough I period.
Measures of arterial pulse pressure  variation and left ventricular  stroke volume  variation induced by positive pressure breathing vary in proportion to preload responsiveness. However, the accuracy of commercially available devices to report dynamic LV SV variation has never been validated . We compared the accuracy of measured arterial PP and estimated LV SV reported from two FDA approved aortic flow monitoring devices, one using arterial pulse power  and the other esophageal Doppler monitor  .
Ischemic stroke is an important contributor to morbidity and mortality. Pediatric stroke may occur in as many as 1 in 4000 births  and complications due to hypoxia/ischemia are common . Balancing the risks and benefits of tPA is one of the central issues in managing patients with stroke and other cerebrovascular disorders accompanied by thrombosis and ischemia.
Bone marrow derived mesenchymal stromal cells  have been widely investigated for their therapeutic potential in both autoimmune and alloimmune diseases . By comparison the successful clinical translation of BMSC therapy is still in question  and the mechanism of action remains largely unknown , representing an obstacle to further clinical applications of BMSC . These mechanisms, however, do not explain the suppression of adaptive immunity observed when BMSC are used to treat alloimmunity .
In the mammalian forebrain, most excitatory synapses are located on dendritic spines, small protrusions of dendrites. Spine morphology modulates synaptic properties and the ability to undergo plasticity, . Accordingly, spines can undergo morphological changes in live animals following changes in sensory input, and during social interactions, stress, environmental enrichment, learning and other behavioral conditions .
Ideally, family implies a functional group living situation in which opportunities exist for economic and instrumental cooperation, informal communications, and reciprocated social and emotional obligations among family members . Often, family involves the rearing of and caring for children. Thus, family is a manifestation of an important human characteristic of our nature as social beings .
In multi cellular organisms, a variety of biochemical, physiological and behavioral processes undergo rhythmic fluctuations that closely parallel the time course of the daily solar cycle. These 24 hour or circadian rhythms are normally entrained or synchronized to external time cues but persist even under constant environmental conditions. For example, mutant mice with targeted disruption of Per2 are distinguished by altered rhythms of Bmal1expression and arrhythmic patterns of locomotor activity  .
Few studies have analyzed the cohort effects of lifecourse socioeconomicposition  on racial disparities in body mass index  trajectories. We assessedthe contribution of lifecourse SEP on racial differences in BMI trajectories among twodifferent age cohorts of women . Four waves of the Americans' Changing Lives' study  were usedto compute BMI trajectories for 2194 Black and White women.
Protein isoforms can differ in their biological activity, regulatory properties, temporal and spatial expression and intracellular location . Protein isoforms harbor variations in the amino acid sequence and can originate from separate genes that have evolved from a single ancestor gene generated by gene duplication or from a single gene by alternative splicing. The myofilament proteins, arranged to form the sarcomere of a myofibril, are the main regulators in striated muscle  contractility.
A major limitation in human information processing concerns the ability of the brain to process two temporally close meaningful stimuli. At present, it is unclear why physically identical information sometimes does and sometimes does not reach awareness. For example, T2 detection has been found to benefit from a diffusion of attention .
TiO2 nanoparticles  are a promising vehicle for the delivery of therapeutic and diagnostic agents. Moreover, the semiconductor and photocatalytic properties of TiO2 make it a potent source of electrons and electropositive holes as well as reactive oxygen species —all of which can react with cellular DNA., , , Furthermore, the subcellular localization of NCs is another important factor in determining their biological function., Therefore, the ability to control the uptake of NCs and target them towards specific cells and subcellular compartments would be very useful. To achieve this goal, we have created TiO2 NCs that can bind Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor .
Temperature affects our lifestyle, as it conveys information about the environment and influences our comfort level. Animals need to process a variety of temperature stimuli appropriately to exhibit a proper behavioral response. ThermoTRP channels , which are evolutionally conserved temperature sensors , detect a wide range of temperatures and contribute to behaviors in many animals, including Drosophila .
The early down regulation of CB1  was first observed in post mortem tissue of HD patients and occurs in most mouse models of HD, including R6/2, R6/1, YAC128 and HdhQ150 mice . Down regulation of CB1   the neuronal population expressing the highest amount of CB1 receptors   precedes the loss of other synaptic proteins, including dopamine D2 and D1 receptors and striatal synaptophysin . Together, this evidence led to the hypothesis that CB1 dysfunction controls downstream pathological events occurring in HD patients and mouse models .
Photoreceptor cells are the sensory neurons in eye that absorb light to initiate vision. Since these cells are post mitotic, loss of photoreceptors results in permanent blindness. Insults that can kill photoreceptors include genetic mutations, mechanical injury and oxidative damage .
The pharmacokinetics of mycophenolic acid , the pharmacologically active component of mycophenolate mofetil  are well described in transplant recipients and population pharmacokinetic models are reported. After oral intake, MMF is rapidly and completely absorbed, hydrolyzed into the active MPA, which is 98% bound to plasma proteins, including albumin. MPA is primarily metabolized by glucuronidation to form the 7 O glucuronide conjugate  which then undergoes elimination via the kidneys or enterohepatic recirculation back to MPA in the gastrointestinal tract.
The size and asymmetry of neurons result in a non uniform distribution of demand for mitochondrial functions such as ATP synthesis and calcium homeostasis. As a result, neurons redistribute their mitochondria in response to immediate and local physiological conditions, both in vivo and in vitro . Mitochondria are concentrated in areas of the neuron expected to have higher ATP consumption; indeed, synapses were first recognized ultrastructurally based in part on their high density of mitochondria .
Inwardly rectifying potassium channels, and Kir2 channels in particular, are crucial for setting a sharp threshold for excitation in excitable cells, as well as stabilizing the resting membrane potential in both excitable and non excitable cells. Kir2.1 knockout mice die shortly after birth; however, studies in neonates reveal a lack of IK1 current, broadened action potentials and ineffective clamping of the resting membrane potential leading to spontaneous action potentials . Variations in Kir2 function have been implicated in a number of cardiac diseases.
In the United States depression affects up to 2.5 percent of children and 8.3 percent of adolescents . The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor  fluoxetine  is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for child and adolescent depression . SSRIs are also used in anxiety and conduct disorders such as separation anxiety and aggression in these populations.
Endogenous serum peptides that carry important information of disease are considered to be great potential biomarkers for clinical diagnosis. Hepcidin, a hormone peptide, has been recognized as a potential biomarker for iron related disease. Several methods have been developed for quantifying hepcidin, including antibody based,  and mass spectrometry  based methods.
Discovery of antibodies to citrullinated protein antigens  has improved our understanding of the seropositive subset of rheumatoid arthritis . ACPAs and rheumatoid factor  are present in serum of RA patients years before clinical diagnosis of RA. While these autoantibodies, particularly anti cyclic citrullinated peptide , are highly specific  for RA, the sensitivity in those who later develop RA is notably lower .
Pain present 6 months following root canal treatment  may be either of odontogenic or nonodontogenic origin. This is importance because treatments and prognoses are different; therefore the aim of this study was to provide specific diagnoses of patients reporting pain 6 months after receiving initial orthograde RCT . We enrolled patients from the Midwest region of an existing prospective observational study of pain after RCT.
The loss of skeletal muscle mass and alterations in contractile function known as sarcopenia is a common, though poorly understood phenomena of aging . Although the origins of sarcopenia are yet unknown, oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction are believed to play a role . Recent evidence in sarcopenic gastrocnemius muscle of young and old rats revealed increased proteolysis, reactive oxygen species  overproduction and vulnerability to apoptosis .
Bioluminescence is a naturally occurring phenomenon in certain species such as the firefly resulting from oxidation of luciferin to oxyluciferin in the presence of molecular oxygen and adenosine triphosphate. This reaction is catalyzed by the enzyme luciferase and results in the emission of light . Bioluminescence imaging  is an in vivo optical imaging technique that detects light emitted from firefly luciferase expressing cells by special charge coupled device  camera .
Mechanical loading of cartilage explants can regulate chondrocyte metabolism and direct growth and remodeling . Flexure is a physiologically relevant mode of deformation for many types of cartilage including those located within the nose, ears, and ribs. To better understand the biomechanical functions of these tissues, tests such as three point or curved beam bending have been used to characterize nasal septal, auricular, costal, and tracheal cartilages, with moduli reported in the range of 49 MPa .
Obesity is a significant public health problem, and the impact of caring for increasing numbers of obese individuals is being felt worldwide and across medical disciplines. Both animal and human studies have demonstrated that obesity is associated with adverse health consequences, including susceptibility to a diverse group of diseases affecting the cardiovascular, pulmonary, renal, and endocrine systems . A growing body of literature has been devoted to examination of the pathophysiologic mechanisms that link obesity to these maladies, with a general consensus that chronic inflammation provides the connection  .
Insulin degrading enzyme  is an 110 kDa zinc metalloprotease that belongs to the M16A family ; . IDE also plays a role in preventing formation of amyloid deposits by degrading amyloid β , a key peptide for the development of Alzheimer's disease; ; ; ; . Outside of insulin and Aβ, several short peptides with molecular weights of 310 kDa have been shown to serve as substrates of IDE, such as insulin like growth factor II ; , amylin, glucagon, transforming growth factor α , and atrial natriuretic peptide  .
Human transplant recipients harbor significant numbers of alloreactive memory T cells generated by previous encounter to alloantigens, via heterologous immunity or homeostatic proliferation as a result of lymphoablation . Alloreactive memory T cells contribute to both acute and chronic allograft rejection, indicating that current im munosuppressive therapies do not inhibit the generation or maintenance of T cell memory . Donor reactive memory T cells can precipitate costimulatory blockade resistant allograft rejection .
myc is well known for its role in tumorigenesis when overexpressed and N myc  is most strongly associated with primitive “blast” nervous system tumors neuroblastoma, medulloblastoma, retinoblastoma, and glioblastoma . They can activate and repress the transcription of specific protein coding genes, influence expression of miRNA and rRNA, drive DNA synthesis, and globally influence chromatin structure. There is growing evidence of key roles for myc genes at endogenous levels in both somatic stem cells such as NSC and ESC.
Higher arterial stiffness and pressure pulsatility, hallmarks of aging, are associated with increased risk for cardiovascular disease  morbidity, including incident hypertension. Carotid femoral pulse wave velocity , the current reference standard measure of global aortic stiffness, is associated with CVD events including coronary heart disease, stroke, and CVD mortality. Arterial calcification, in turn, is also associated with CVD events and mortality, whether assessed in the coronary arteries ,,  thoracic aorta ,,  or abdominal aorta .
The mammalian target of rapamycin  regulates cell growth and metabolism. Cancer cells have increased metabolic autonomy. Stearoyl CoA desaturase 1  is a critical mediator of fatty acid synthesis.
Many of the decisions we make on a day to day basis require balancing out factors driving the desire to achieve good results , with those associated with avoiding potentially perilous situations. Such decisions often benefit from past experience, and are therefore supported by adaptive mechanisms for learning from positive and negative outcomes. When confronted with potential gains and losses, individuals differ substantially, both in their choices and in their neural responsiveness to reinforcement .
Hepatitis C virus  coinfection is common among HIV infected individuals worldwide; it has been estimated that 45 million HIV infected individuals are chronic HCV carriers. The risk for liver disease progression has been shown to be two to six times higher in HIV HCV coinfected patients than HCV mono infected patients. In addition, recent studies have shown that coinfected patients are diagnosed at a younger age, have more advanced HCC, and have shorter survival time than HCV mono infected patients.
That estradiol modulates neural functions like mood, affect, anxiety, fear and vulnerability to addictive drugs in addition to its well documented role in reproduction is now well accepted . Moreover, estradiol also exerts influence over higher order cognitive function, predominantly enhancing learning and memory . ERs may also act directly at nuclear sites  to regulate transcription .
Cardiovascular disease, including coronary artery and peripheral vascular disease, is the leading cause of mortality in the United States and accounted for over 30% deaths in 2004. Synthetic materials, including Dacron and expanded polytetrafluoroethylene , have been used as vascular grafts under conditions when patients do not have suitable autologous vessels, but high rate of thrombosis formation has limited the use of these synthetic grafts as small diameter vascular grafts. However, these tissue engineered vascular grafts either lack sufficient mechanical strength or require long culture periods to obtain the mechanical strength that is required for implantation,, and are thus cost  and labor intensive .
Glioblastoma  is the most common malignant primary brain tumor in adults. Four out of every 100,000 Americans are diagnosed with GBM, which represents ~15% of all primary brain tumors . Once the diagnosis of GBM has been made, the overall median survival time for patients treated with surgery, radiation and chemotherapy is only 14 to 15 months .
Protein isoforms coded by alternatively spliced pre mRNAs expand the functional repertoire of genes. The significance of alternative splicing to neurons is underscored by the variety of neurological diseases that result from its dysregulation  . Mutations in the fragile X mental retardation gene  result in fragile X syndrome, a leading form of heritable mental retardation.
More than 70 million Americans live with cardiovascular diseases, which lead to >910,000 deaths each year. Accurate diagnosis is highly desirable so that appropriate therapy can be given before irreversible damage occurs in patients with coronary artery disease . MPI is capable of identifying regional abnormalities in coronary artery and determining their physiological relevance to myocardial function and viability.
L selectin is a type 1 transmembrane adhesion protein expressed by leukocytes. It plays a critical role in directing neutrophils to sites of inflammation by facilitating their accumulation along the vascular wall in a direct and indirect manner . L selectin cleavage occurs by cis protease activity and is abrogated by hydroxymate inhibitors of zinc dependent metalloproteases .
Human plasma high density lipoprotein  particles have been classically defined as a group of pseudomicellar, quasispherical protein/lipid complexes with hydrated densities in the range of 1.063 to 1.210 g/ml. Apolipoprotein A I  is the most common protein constituent, accounting for approximately 70% of HDL protein mass, with apoA II comprising 15 20%. The remaining 10 15% of protein mass is composed of minor amphipathic proteins, including apoC’s, apoE, apoD, apoM and apoA IV, with enzymes and lipid transfer proteins such as lecithin:cholesterol acyl transferase  and cholesteryl ester transfer protein .
Lynch Syndrome, also called hereditary non polyposis colon cancer , is an autosomal dominant inherited cancer predisposition syndrome characterized by predisposition to develop a number of cancers at an early age and high penetrance with mutation carriers having a significantly increased lifetime risk of developing colorectal  and other forms of cancer . A small proportion of cases have been shown to be caused by germline mutations in two other MMR genes, MSH6 and PMS2; however, PMS2 mutations and MSH6 mutations are often associated with weaker family histories, later ages of diagnosis and potentially a different cancer spectrum . In addition, there are apparently polymorphisms in MMR genes that may cause increased risk of developing cancer .
While interferon  plays crucial roles in the defense against viral infection, excessive production may lead to pathogenesis of autoimmune diseases . Both isoforms of ADAR1 convert adenosine to inosine on its double strand RNA substrates, potentially changing the coding information on mRNAs . Besides its role in editing RNAs, ADAR1 exerts additional effects through binding to RNA  or through interacting with other proteins .
Diffuse gliomas are common and variably aggressive primary central nervous system tumors, currently stratified by the World Health Organization  into three malignancy grades: II, III and IV. Glioblastoma  is generally classified as a diffuse glioma of astrocytic morphology with microvascular proliferation and/or necrosis. Determination of grade , is made primarily on the basis of tumor proliferative activity , along with additional criteria of increased cellularity and nuclear atypia.
Embryonic stem cells harbor a consistent capacity for multi lineage differentiation . Stem cell based cardiopoiesis originates from undifferentiated progenitors that are specified into early cardiac mesoderm . Yet, the risk of unregulated growth and neoplastic transformation, inherent to pluripotency, limits therapeutic applications .
Maternal psychosocial stress has been associated with adverse maternal child outcomes. Vulnerable women’s experiences with stressors during pregnancy and their desires and priorities for appropriate and useful stress reduction interventions for pregnant women are not well understood . Qualitative interviews with low income, urban women explored their stress exposures and reactions during pregnancy, ways that stressors overlapped and interacted, and their priorities for stress reduction.
Alcohol abuse is a leading cause of preventable death and illness, and the economic cost of alcohol abuse is estimated to be $185 billion annually in the USA alone. Adoption and twin studies suggest that alcohol use disorders  are 50 60% genetically determined,. Insight into cerebellar contributions to AUD risk comes from studies of the low level of response  to EtOH phenotype, which is defined as requiring a higher dose of alcohol  to achieve a given effect.
Aging is associated with significant changes in limb skeletal muscles, of which sarcopenia is the most evident. However, the effect of aging on extraocular muscle  structure and function is not as well studied. Aging increases the latency of eye movement onset and decreases peak velocity, acceleration and range of eye movement .
Attention and emotion impart a value system to sensory processing, allowing the central nervous system to mold sensory experience into a subjective landscape . Imaging studies of attentional pain modulation commonly show that decreased pain during distraction is paralleled by decreased activity in thalamo cortical ascending pain pathways . Such areas include thalamus, primary and secondary somatosensory cortices , insular cortex , and anterior cingulate cortex  .
Chemical cross linking coupled with mass spectrometry is a commonly used technique to characterize proteins, interactions and complex topologies . Among all these types of products, the desired inter cross linked products are of low abundance, which creates significant challenges for detection and identifcation, , . In their UVPD strategy, only the conjugated peptides were dissociated under UV condition, which specially distinguished the conjugated peptides from the other non conjugated peptides.
Obesity is a complex disorder with heterogeneous adiposity phenotypes. One recognized phenotype is the metabolically healthy obese  individual who, despite having excessive body fatness, seems to be protected from adipose associated metabolic abnormalities . There is no consensus on how to define the MHO phenotype.
Glycolytic enzymopathies are severe heritable human diseases that result from specific mutations affecting enzymes involved in anaerobic metabolism. Familial triosephosphate isomerase  deficiency is an autosomal recessive disorder that manifests in patients as anemia, progressive locomotor impairment and neurodegeneration, and premature death . However the pathogenesis of this disease is not well understood.
In our recent paper describing the heating of human skin by mm waves we used a homogeneous skin model . We showed that mm waves in spite of shallow penetration into the skin  were able to heat much deeper subcutaneous layers. In the homogeneous model, the skin is considered to be a tissue with uniform physical and thermo physical properties and with uniform blood flow over the entire tissue volume.
The transition between wakefulness, NREM, and REM sleep is accompanied by neuromodulatory changes. Accompanying these changes in neuronal activity are variations in energy metabolism. In waking and REM sleep overall brain metabolism is high in both animals and humans .
MicroRNAs , a class of small noncoding RNAs, serve as key post transcriptional regulators of gene expression and mRNA translation , . miRNAs are increasingly recognized as mediators in a variety of biological processes including cardiovascular development and disorders , . Highly specific miRNA expression patterns have been reported in association with heart failure , , myocardial infarction , and cancer .
Over the past decade, yeast display has emerged as a leading technology for the selection and characterization of monoclonal antibodies  from both immune and nonimmune libraries. The majority of yeast display antibody libraries that have been constructed to date utilize the single chain variable fragment  format, and there are only three examples in the literature of combinatorial antigen binding fragment  yeast display libraries. ScFvs are generally less stable and more prone to aggregation than Fab fragments,, and due to their decreased stability, scFvs generally bind with lower affinity than Fabs.
Inhibition studies are routinely performed to gain insight into the structure and function of transporters, particularly when a transporter crystal structure is not available. For example, two project areas in our laboratory involve the apical sodium dependent bile acid transporter  and the organic cation/carnitine transporter , where transport inhibition studies by novel compounds and diverse drugs has yielded pharmacophore models and quantitative structure activity relationships  . Determining type of inhibition can also help in understanding of interaction of inhibitors at the binding site of transporter.
Mesial temporal lobe epilepsy  is the most common type of epilepsy in adults , and frequently becomes resistant to drug therapy, leaving ultimately only a neurosurgery option to control seizures. TLE develops following a variety of insults, including brain injury and status epilepticus . Precipitating insults are followed by a characteristic seizure free “latent period” lasting months or even years in humans .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  has prioritized interventions to reduce sexual risk taking among HIV positive persons . Disclosure of HIV positive status to sexual partners may reduce risk of transmission in serodiscordant partnerships . However, the association between HIV serodisclosure and sexual risk behavior is complex, varying by person , partner  and situation level factors .
PTEN , the tumor suppressor gene located at 10q23.3, is known to participate in the pathogenesis of a wide variety of hereditary cancer syndromes and sporadic malignancies . Germline mutations in PTEN have been described in hamartoma syndromes, including Cowden syndrome , BannayanRileyRuvalcaba syndrome , Proteus syndrome , and a Proteus like syndrome . In cutaneous melanoma, PTEN is the second most frequently altered tumor suppressor , whereas in cultured melanoma cell lines, the frequency of intragenic mutations and homozygous deletions is 60% .
Ovarian cancer is the most lethal gynecologic malignancy and the fifth most common cause of cancer related deaths in women. The standard treatment for epithelial ovarian cancer consists of cytoreductive surgery followed by a paclitaxel  and platinum based chemotherapy regimen . Paclitaxel resistance develops leading to treatment failure and death.
Obesity or accumulated adiposity is an important etiological factor in the clustering of clinical conditions that comprise the metabolic syndrome  . These conditions include central obesity, hypertension, hyperglycemia, and dyslipidemia . Therefore, other markers including weight, waist circumference, skinfold patterns, BMI and waist hip ratio are used as convenient and economical clinical proxies to evaluate adiposity .
Although the classical teaching has been one of a chronic inflammatory demyelinating disease marked by multi focal white matter lesions, multiple sclerosis  is being increasingly recognized as a disease of the central nervous system  characterized by widespread demyelination, axonal loss and gliosis, and neurodegeneration . In line with these diffuse histopathological changes, prior study, such as through PET examination, has revealed decreased oxygen utilization and extraction, with extensive reduction in cerebral glucose metabolism in MS patients . As tissue damage in MS has been shown to invariably extend beyond the focal plaque, modern MRI techniques are being developed to allow for the qualitative and quantitative demonstration of the global, diffuse nature of neuropathological changes in order to closely monitor disease severity, progression, and response to therapy .
Airway secretions contain a broad spectrum of endogenous antimicrobial factors  which contribute to the inherent host defense of the respiratory tract. Complement factors, surfactant proteins, antimicrobial peptides , antibacterial polypeptides, and host derived lipids are all integral components of this intrinsic defense system. Cathelicidins are a family of propeptides consisting of a highly conserved N terminal sequence  and a heterogeneous cationic and antimicrobially active C terminal domain.
Cataract is an opaqueness of the lens that causes decreased visual acuity . Cataract becomes more common with increasing age and is one of the leading causes of blindness and visual impairment among the elderly population throughout the less developed world . Thus, identification of factors that could delay or prevent cataract development would be important both for increasing the well being of older adults and for reducing medical care costs.
DNA structure is fundamental to diverse DNA transactions, such as replication, repair, nucleosome assembly, and the regulation of gene expression. , Architectural and regulatory proteins bind to DNA with an affinity, specificity, and kinetics appropriate to their biological roles. Designated dsxA, this enhancer element contains subsites related to multiple classes of eukaryotic transcription factors .
Among term infants, hypoxicischemic encephalopathy  due to acute perinatal asphyxia is an important cause of neurological morbidity and mortality. Currently, therapeutic hypothermia represents the only intervention, which has been demonstrated to favorably alter the outcome of term infants who suffered from perinatal asphyxia. Part of the MRI limitations may be solved by having an MRI unit within the neonatal intensive care unit; however, only very few hospitals have this setup available.
Bacteriophage endosialidases hydrolyse internal α 2,8 linkages in polysialic acid , a polymer which may exceed 200 N acetyl neuraminic acid  residues, which comprises the capsular polysaccharide of Escherichia coli K1 and group B Neisseria meningitidis  and is also expressed at limited sites in vertebrates . PSA NCAM is an oncodevelopmental marker in tumours of the human kidney and neuroendocrine cells  and modulates neurite outgrowth in the developing vertebrate central nervous system . PSA has also been implicated in the process of metastasis of small cell and non small cell lung carcinoma .
Parkinson’s disease  is a neurodegenerative disorder where there is a loss of dopamine  neurons of the substantia nigra . Clinically PD is characterized by motor symptoms such as bradykinesia, rigidity, resting tremor and hypometria . In addition to deficits of motor performance such as bradykinesia, or slowness in the initiation, execution and termination of movements or generating movements of smaller amplitude than desired , patients with PD often display cognitive motor deficits such as abnormal movement sequences .
Type 1 diabetes is one of the most prevalent chronic illnesses diagnosed in childhood . Exploration of sleep in relation to diabetes management is a relatively new area of study . Child sleep may also be directly impacted by nighttime BG monitoring and treatment of hypoglycemic or hyperglycemic episodes .
There are many different mutations in the HPRT1 gene encoding the purine salvage enzyme hypoxanthine guanine phosphoribosyltransferase  that cause a broad spectrum of clinical phenotypes . These phenotypes are typically grouped into three categories based on the presence or absence of specific clinical features . An intermediate phenotype is HGprt related neurological dysfunction , which includes problems related to uric acid, along with varying degrees of motor impairment and neurocognitive abnormalities.
Female sexual dysfunction is a multicausal and multidimensional problem that combines sexual, physiological, physical, psychological, and interpersonal determinants, having a major impact on interpersonal relationships and quality of life. , Community based studies indicate a prevalence of sexual dysfunction among all women between 25% and 63%, ,, while the prevalence of sexual dysfunction in post menopausal women varies from 68% to 87%. , Among the sexual dysfunctions described in females, dyspareunia appears to be common, with a prevalence of 7% in a national probability sample assessing sexual dysfunction in the United States.
An increased rate of age related decline in white matter  integrity has been demonstrated in schizophrenia patients in several  but not all studies . The accelerated rate of WM change coincides with schizophrenia patients’ increased rates in somatic diseases such as cardiovascular illnesses, hypertension and diabetes , all of which are known to increase in occurrence with normal aging. Schizophrenia patients also have an increased mortality rate and shorter  average lifespan, even after accounting for suicide .
Epidemiological evidence on the association between red and processed meat and lung cancer has been suggestive, yet limited, inconsistent, and mainly based on retrospective data. High temperature cooking of meat results in the formation of heterocyclic amines , , and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , which are also present in cured and smoked foods. Both HCAs and PAHs are potent lung carcinogens in animal studies.
Endophenotypes, intermediate component elements closer to genetic action than the indexed phenotype, are useful in psychopathology research because of the inherent difficulty of finding genes that have a one to one relationship with complex multifactorial behavioral disorders . A key property of an endophenotype is that it must run in families, and ultimately, be under some significant degree of heritable control. A recent study by  is a noteworthy exception both in sample size and in variety of EF measures assessed.
Organophosphorus  compounds inhibit serine esterases by organophosphylation of the active site serine . Inhibition of acetylcholinesterase  produces cholinergic toxicity regardless of whether or not aging has occurred. Moreover, whereas AChE inhibition, acute stress, and inflammatory stimuli can induce changes in AChE gene expression and microRNAs targeting AChE , AChE inhibition is not involved in the etiology of OPIDN  .
CCAAT/Enhancer Binding Protein beta  is a critical regulator of tissue specific gene expression in several cell lineages . All three proteins contain a basic leucine zipper  domain at their C terminus that functions as DNA binding domain. The C/EBPβ LIP protein that completely lacks this N terminal end can function as an inhibitor of both C/EBPβ LAP*  and C/EBPβ LAP mediated gene regulation .
Stem cell based interventional approaches for myocardial regeneration have recently generated substantial enthusiasm as a novel treatment for heart failure. Experimental studies routinely find the vast majority of adoptively transferred stem cells die or vanish shortly after delivery. CPCs have been isolated and used with modest success for treatment and regeneration of damaged heart tissue after infarction,  .
Of the Angiotensin  receptors, the AT1 receptor is known to mediate most of the Ang II actions, including vasoconstriction, antinatriuresis, aldosterone secretion, increased sympathetic outflow and cellular growth/proliferation. Abnormal regulation and function of AT1 receptor contributes to development and maintenance of various forms of hypertension. On the other hand, the AT2 receptor is suggested as a functional antagonist of AT1 receptors.
Children who are overweight are more likely to become overweight adults . Obesity is the result of an imbalance between the energy consumed and the energy expended . Dietary behaviors that have been positively associated with increased body mass among children include energy intake , percent energy from fat  and energy density  while fruit and vegetable intake has been negatively associated .
Human telomeres terminate in a 50 200 nucleotide single stranded 3′ overhang that plays a pivotal role in chromosome end protection . Furthermore, the telomeric overhang invades the duplex region forming a t loop and thereby blocking ATR and ATM signaling which is essential to prevent the chromosome end from being incorrectly recognized as a DNA double strand break  . Owing to the end replication problem, the ends of chromosome shorten with each round of DNA replication in all somatic cells .
Since bone mass is lost throughout adult life as part of the aging process, a major risk factor for the development of osteoporosis is the failure to obtain a normal peak bone mass during early adulthood . Multiple studies have shown that alcohol abuse is an important risk factor for osteopenia . Excessive alcohol consumption continues to be a major public health problem in the United States with dangerous drinking practices such as binge drinking common in the adolescent and young adult populations .
Somatic cells have developed sophisticated mechanisms to regulate assembly of pre replication complexes , license the ability of an origin of replication  to initiate DNA synthesis, and prevent re replication of DNA . During the M to G1 transition, preRCs are assembled, which entails the assembly of an ORI that is composed of ORC16 at many sites in the genome. Recruitment of MCM is termed replication licensing because the origin recognition complex  is now capable of supporting DNA replication.
Over the last decade, compelling evidence emerged in support of a cancer stem cell  origin in many solid tumors including hepatic cancers. For these reasons CSCs are of great translational importance with a variety of therapeutic implications. c MYC is one of the most commonly activated oncogenes implicated in the development of human cancers including liver cancer.
Since the beginning of the South African epidemic, an estimated 2 million adults have died from HIV/AIDS,, 6.1 million South Africans are currently living with HIV, the prevalence in the 1549 year age range is 17.9%, and the incidence is 1.43% per year among those aged 1549. Over 370,000 HIV infections and 240,000 AIDS related deaths occur in South Africa each year . South Africa’s HIV Testing and Counselling campaign and rollout of antiretroviral therapy  are well established.
Designing and engineering polypeptides that have specific structures or functions in biological membranes remains one of the more intractable problems in bioengineering. Although the general principles of binding, folding and self assembly in membranes are well known,, the details are not understood well enough for rational de novo design. One desirable bioengineering objective that could lead to new biosensors, antibiotics and cell penetrating peptides is the design of polypeptides that destabilize the permeability barrier of lipid bilayer membranes.
Over the last 50 years, research efforts have focused on the process of post maturational sex changes in fishes. This process has been described by histological studies of the gonads, as well as through characterization of body morphology . California Sheephead, Semicossyphus pulcher , is a commercially and recreationally valuable labrid found from Monterey Bay, California, to Cabo San Lucas, Mexico .
Most of the newly human immunodeficiency virus type 1  infected women acquire infection through vaginal intercourse in which semen associated virus is deposited in the mucosa of the lower female genital tract before infecting primary HIV 1 target cells and disseminating to the regional lymph nodes ,. The lack of understanding of the basic mechanisms of HIV 1 transmission and dissemination in the female lower genital tract is a limitation to developing efficient protection measures as evidenced from the recent controversial results on the efficacy of vaginal microbicides ,  . In order to reach its primary cell targets in the female lower genital tract, i.e. CD4+ T lymphocytes, dendritic cells  and sub epithelial macrophages , the virus must circumvent mucosal barriers .
The widespread diffusion of HIV prevention programs for adolescents is an important public health goal. Even when community agencies have had staff trained in an EB program, fewer than half will implement the program  . Since community providers will inevitably adapt, tailor, or reinvent the EB program, it is necessary for the program’s non adaptable ‘core elements’ to be identified.
Genomic instability resulting in DNA amplification, rearrangements or deletions, is a common mechanism by which tumors modulate gene expression and acquire invasive and metastatic potential . The 11q13 amplicon core is a gene rich region containing at least 10 genes. However, despite reports on overexpression of other genes in the region  the most likely tumorigenic driver at this locus is still thought to be CCND1, which encodes cyclin D1 .
Kaposi’s sarcoma  is a multifocal angioproliferative inflammatory condition well described in its classical, post transplantation and African endemic forms before the advent of the epidemic of HIV 1/AIDS. KS cell lines have been shown to express markers of endothelial, lymphatic and smooth muscle lineages. Seroepidemiological studies have clearly established HHV 8  as the etiologic agent of all clinical forms of KS.
Bisphosphate , also called lysobisphosphatidic acid , is a characteristic lipid of the endocytic degradative pathway that is found in the luminal membranes of the late endosome in concentrations of approximately 15 mole percent . Due to its increased concentration in the late endosomes, BMP is thought to play important structural and functional roles in this organelle . The structures of BMP and GM1 are shown in  .
Vascular smooth muscle cell  proliferation and deposition of extracellular matrix are characteristic of progressive atherosclerotic lesions . Multiple growth factors and hormones have the potential to stimulate growth of VSMCs  and may play a role in the evolution of atherosclerotic vascular disease. Alternatively, locally generated signaling molecules such as nitric oxide and PGI2 act to antagonize cell growth and matrix deposition .
Intraductal carcinoma of the prostate and high grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia  comprise the two main intraepithelial neoplastic lesions occurring in the prostate . When diagnosed as isolated lesions on needle biopsies, these two entities have dramatically different implications for patient prognosis and care care . Accordingly, PIN is frequently an isolated finding, occurring in biopsies without invasive carcinoma and, if not present in at least 23 separate biopsy cores, is not associated with an increased risk of cancer diagnosis on subsequent biopsies done within the following year .
Despite the success of highly active antiretroviral therapy  in lowering viral load to undetectable levels in ~70% of human immunodeficiency virus  infected patients , treatment failure is a growing problem. A central role in HAART is played by nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors . These are prodrugs that require intracellular conversion to triphosphorylated forms for antiviral activity.
Cytolethal distending toxin  is potentially one of several virulence factors of Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans, the prime etiological agent of localized aggressive periodontitis . Little is known regarding the Cdt specific antibody response in humans. The current study is a quantitative and qualitative evaluation of the toxin specific antibody response in a cohort of LAP patients and age , race  and sex matched controls .
There is some biologic evidence that antidepressants are related to cancer risk. Certain antidepressants promote mammary tumor growth in mouse models. Further, administration of antidepressants has been associated with acute increases in prolactin levels in woman, and higher serum prolactin levels have been associated with increased breast cancer risk.
Late onset Tay Sachs disease  is a lysosomal storage disease caused by deficient Beta hexosaminidase A activity . We describe a 53 year old woman who presented with adult onset leg weakness, and whose initial diagnosis was progressive muscular atrophy without identifiable etiology. Development of cerebellar ataxia in mid life prompted reassessment .
Microfluidic devices are now widely accepted analytical tools, having matured from their initial characterization work,, to integrated microfluidic devices, and, more recently, even more impressive devices that allow incorporation of biological entities into the chip format with the ability to stimulate and analyze their releasates with various detection schemes. Related to the work presented here, multiple layer PDMS  microchips with polycarbonate membranes sandwiched between two channel networks have been used for a variety of applications. Initial work with these devices investigated differential analyte transport  across the membrane.
Anger states and traits appear to affect pain sensitivity. Recently, models have been proposed to explain how anger variables may influence pain  . Frew and Drummond  reported that in healthy women, discouragement induced by a mental arithmetic task performed under threat of electric shock was associated with endogenous opioid release that tempered the otherwise hyperalgesic effects of this negative affect.
The opiorphins are a newly characterized class of peptides that act as potent endogenous neutral endopeptidase  inhibitors. Recent reports have suggested that they play an important role in erectile physiology . During a microarray screen of gene changes that occur in a rat diabetic model of erectile dysfunction , Vcsa1 was one of the most down regulated genes in the rat corpora.
Daily multivitamins, typically comprised of at least 10 vitamins and 10 minerals and the U.S. Recommended Daily Allowances of vitamins C, D, and E, represent an important source of essential nutrients. For example, several recent studies indicate that there may be protective effects of Vitamin D and calcium for breast and colorectal cancer , areas in which socioeconomic and racial/ethnic disparities are striking.
It is unknown how evoked myotonia varies with stimulus frequency or train length, or how it compares to voluntary myotonia in myotonic dystrophy type 1  . After approval by our medical center institutional review board, 10 DM1 patients and 10 age  and gender matched controls were evaluated prospectively. They also possessed an abnormal expansion of the CTG repeat in the myotonic dystrophy gene  as demonstrated by genetic analysis of leukocyte DNA.
Differential diagnosis of benign vocal fold lesions, such as nodules, polyps and cysts, remains a challenge in laryngology. At the same time, various treatment responses are indicated among the lesions. An accurate diagnosis of benign vocal fold lesions is needed for a more effective clinical management and to spare patients from unnecessary and costly treatments.
Brain tumors are collectively the leading cause of childhood cancer related mortality. High grade gliomas have a particularly poor prognosis, with a long term survival rate of less than 20%, despite conventional surgical, radio therapeutic, and chemotherapeutic interventions . Although these tumors are comparable morphologically to malignant gliomas that arise in adults, childhood gliomas have a number of distinctive molecular characteristics, which suggests the involvement of somewhat different pathways of tumorigenesis.
Both the moderate decreases in extracellular   that occur during normal synaptic activity , and the substantial decreases in o due to focal brain trauma or ischemia , indicate that o is dynamic. A decrease in o is predicted to sharply inhibit synaptic transmission . However, recordings of sustained high frequency activity indicate that this is not always the case .
The macrophage, as one of the effector cells of the innate immune system, recognizes pathogen associated molecular patterns from both pathogens and commensal microorganisms through TLRs. IBD may be caused by dysregulation of the mucosal immune system, which might be due to excessive immune responses to normal microflora. Protective effects of macrophages in intestinal inflammation include release of cytoprotective prostaglandins in the peri cryptal stem cell niche to promote epithelial cell wound healing .
Neural tube defects  are the second most common birth defect, occurring in approximately 1 in 1000 live births of American Caucasians . NTDs arise when the neural tube fails to close properly during early fetal development; this usually occurs within the third and fourth weeks of pregnancy and often before the pregnancy is detected. The most common of all NTDs are spina bifida and anencephaly.
In a growing number of applications, high dielectric materials have been used to improve the local sensitivity and/or homogeneity of the radiofrequency  magnetic  field in human MRI . Brain imaging with pads of distilled water or a suspension made by calcium titanate  powder in distilled or deuterated water placed beside the head have shown a significant increase in signal to noise ratio  in the area of the temporal lobe at 7 T  . Near the coil, the primary source of magnetic field is Jc within the transmit coil.
Alzheimer's disease  is a neurodegenerative process characterized by memory loss and dementia. At the neural level, the cholinergic system is one of the most affected. This structure provides approximately 80% of the cholinergic neurons in the CNS .
Antigen mediated CD8 T cell responses undergo various phases, starting with activation, followed by extensive proliferation and subsequent differentiation to effector cells capable of killing  and/or secreting lymphokines capable of inhibiting tumor growth. Some controversy exists regarding the role of CD4 T helper cells in the generation of effector and memory CD8 T cell responses. In addition, some of these studies showed that this “licensing” of APCs could be bypassed by the administration of agonistic anti CD40 antibodies.
Axial patterning is required for the transition of a single sheet of cells into a three dimensional organ. Axial patterning involves generation of two different cell populations or compartments. Compartments are the fundamental units of patterning that are generated by localized expression of transcription factors called selectors.
One of the predictions from evolutionary game theory is that same sex conspecific individuals will escalate their expression of aggression with each other when they detect the presence of a limiting resource . Experiments that corroborate this prediction are also of interest in the context of animal cognition because they may reveal particular resources that are salient to the escalating individual . We have been especially interested in using jumping spiders  for considering these cognitive implications .
Sodium loading, and subsequent volume expansion, suppresses aldosterone levels in individuals with normal renal function. We hypothesised that loss of renal function impairs this volume aldosterone relationship . With multifrequency bioimpedance spectroscopy, we measured total body water , extracellular volume , and intracellular volume in five haemodialysis patients at varied states of hydration and in five healthy volunteers during low , normal , and high salt diets.
As one of the most ubiquitous and versatile electron carriers,  clusters play an important role in biological electron transfer as well as in biosynthetic and bioregulatory functions. , However, probing the environmental effects is difficult due to the complexity of the protein environment. Moreover, the density functionals and basis sets in our BS DFT calculations have been calibrated by extensive comparisons of experimental and theoretical results for gas phase Fe S clusters by Wang and co workers and our group.
Verbal autopsy  is the process of eliciting information about the circumstances of a death from family or friends of the recently deceased person in cases where medical certification of death is incomplete or absent . Algorithms have the potential to address these concerns  but raise others, such as reliability and the difficulty of considering parallel possibilities along the lines of classic clinical differential diagnoses . Bayes' theorem seeks to define the probability of a cause  given the presence of a particular indicator , and can be represented as: P=P×PP×P+P×P where P is the probability of not  .
The mammalian target of rapamycin , a serine threonine protein kinase related tightly to the family of the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase related kinases, exerts different biological functions primarily through forming two complexes with the essential partner protein raptor  and rictor  . Hence, great efforts have been made to identify novel mTOR inhibitors that suppress both mTORC1 and mTORC2 activity. A robust in vivo anticancer activity of these inhibitors against certain types of cancers was also observed .
Prostate Cancer remains the most clinically diagnosed malignancy within the United States for men . In patients who exhibit rapid disease progression and/or develop metastases to visceral organs such as bone, chemotherapy is often recommended as the next line of defense . Docetaxel  plus prednisone is the standard of care for metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer .
The structural organization of multiple convergent sensory modalities in the brain is an important determinant in identifying mechanisms of multimodal integration in neural circuits. The superior colliculus  in the midbrain of vertebrates integrates multimodal sensory information and generates motor responses. In birds and mammals, the superior colliculus is compartmentalized into multiple layers, composed of cell bodies, fibers and neuropil, which are thought to reflect segregation of task related sensory and motor processing .
N RAP is a striated muscle specific scaffolding protein involved in myofibril assembly . The N RAP gene is highly conserved between mouse and humans, and consists of 42 exons spread over 70 kilobases . These exons encode a 196 kilodalton protein consisting of an N terminal LIM domain, 11 modules homologous to single nebulin repeats, and an additional 35 modules arranged into 5 super repeats homologous to nebulin super repeats.
Since the emergence of an increasing number of 3D biological structures, molecular docking has become a major computational method for discovering and designing new ligands for biological targets. Since the pioneering work of Kuntz et al.,, Docking programs also have a tendency to position ligands to match the shape of the protein surface. Since each docking program has its own algorithms and parameters, it is advisable to use caution in different situations, depending on the size, hydrophobicity, and solvation accessibility of the binding pocket.
Parents report children’s dietary intake and/or physical activity, but studies  underscore concerns about such reports. Children eat meals and conduct physical activity at school where parents are not present, so it is unrealistic to expect parents to accurately report children’s intake and/or physical activity that occur at school. Validation studies of children’s dietary recalls have identified omissions  and intrusions ;,  results show that dietary recall accuracy is improved when the retention interval  is minimized.,, Children have simultaneously reported dietary intake and physical activity in two validation studies.
Nearly a century ago, Clarence C. Little and his colleagues at the Roscoe B. Jackson Memorial Laboratory  identified the occurrence of heritable white spotting in the house mouse . Mutations at the Kit locus affect embryonic stem cell migration, resulting in pleiotropic effects on hematopoiesis, primordial germ cell development and melanogenesis. Generally, homozygotes die in utero due to severe macrocytic anemia.
Desmoid tumors are rare, benign, sometimes aggressive tumors resulting from unregulated proliferation of fibroblast like cells . Their natural history is one of slow growth with progressive infiltration of surrounding soft tissues leading in some cases to strangulation of nerves and blood vessels. Abdominal desmoid tumors are the most common and can be classified into sporadic and familial forms .
Metastasis is a multistep process, and the acquisition of metastatic ability has traditionally been considered a late step in cancer evolution . Recent evidence in mouse models of breast and pancreatic cancer suggests that cancer cells within premalignant lesions may already possess the ability to disseminate . Lung adenocarcinoma is the most common subtype of lung cancer, with over 90,000 patients diagnosed each year with this form of lung cancer in the United States alone .
Massively parallel  resequencing is potentially a powerful tool with which to study heteroplasmic mitochondrial DNA  mutations due to the high breadth and depth of coverage possible. Studying very low level variants  is likely to yield the most useful insights into somatic  mtDNA mutation, but is challenging due to the difficulty in differentiating true variants from background noise at this resolution. Recent studies using amplicon based re sequencing  have indicated  that mtDNA mutations at ~0.2% heteroplasmy level or greater can be successfully resolved, but only after very stringent data cleaning, including the exclusion of homo polymeric tracts which are known hot spots for technical artefact on this platform.
The evolutionarily conserved Notch signaling pathway plays critical roles in controlling multiple aspects of vascular development and EC  function, ranging from proliferation, motility and lumen formation to vessel stability and cell fate determination , . In vertebrates, the Notch signaling pathway consists of four Notch family receptors  and five Notch ligands . Receptor ligand interactions between neighboring cells initiates the proteolytic cleavage of the Notch receptor extracellular domain, the Ɣ secretase dependent release of the Notch intracellular domain , and its subsequent translocation to the nucleus where it associates with the DNA binding protein, RBPJK/CBF1/Su, as well as a co activator of the Mastermind like  family, thereby triggering the transcription of downstream target genes, including Hey/Hes family members .
Schwann cells are often described as expressing one of only two possible phenotypes, myelinating or non myelinating . Recently, however, this view has been modified by the discovery that Schwann cell growth factor expression is regulated by both the modality of their axonal partners and by their central peripheral location along the neuraxis . What is not known, however, is which of the growth factors that we have shown to differ in expression are responsible for the modality specific support of regeneration .
Prescription drug overdoses have reached epidemic proportions. Federal and state governments are eager to identify strategies to reduce misuse, abuse and diversion. The Office of National Drug Control Policy  advocates prescription drug monitoring programs  as one strategy for reducing prescription drug abuse.
Ovarian cancer is the leading cause of death from gynaecological malignancy, in spite of initially high response rates to chemotherapy treatment. The molecular basis of acquired drug resistance remains poorly understood  . First, genetically heterogenous clones may exist within the tumour mass prior to treatment, and populations with advantageous mutations are selected for survival and expansion following clearance of the dominant, sensitive clone by chemotherapy.
Cardiac vessel distribution and patterning are important for the proper maintenance and function of the myocardium. In disease states, a characteristic feature of the progression toward pathological hypertrophy is a significant reduction in the capillary density and increase in the intercapillary distance . Manipulation of pro angiogenic factors, such as vascular endothelial growth factor , have also been shown to protect the myocardium against ischemic injury, prevent myocardial apoptosis, preserve contractile function, and delay the onset of pathological hypertrophy .
The development of human cancers involves multiple pathological events through which cancerous cells gain the ability to overcome adverse stress imposed by adjacent normal tissue. Tumor angiogenesis, an integral part of solid tumor development, provides nutrients and oxygen in a hypoxic microenvironment formed in the centers of growing tumors and facilitates tumor cell proliferation by enhancing oxygenation and the removal of metabolic wastes that would normally induce necrosis. A number of angiogenic factors such as vascular endothelial growth factor  and basic fibroblast growth factor  have been demonstrated to play critical roles in the development of tumor vasculature .
Assisted living  facilities currently provide care to approximately 1 million people in the United States, and that number is expected to rise considerably over the coming decades. Although the provision of social and supportive services are central components of AL,, the ability to safely manage the medical illnesses of residents has been identified as a priority. , However, it has been suggested that some residents with multiple, complex medical conditions present a challenge that some ALs may not be prepared to manage.
In Western societies, intervertebral disc degeneration  related lower back pain affects between 60% and 80% of the population at some point in their lives, making it one of the most important public health issues today. IDD is thought to result from multifatorial causes. Finally, the height of the intervertebral discs is reduced and osteophytes appear at the anterior and lateral edges of the disc.
Much human cognitive control consists in the ability to stop inappropriate action. Here we explore the neurocognitive basis for how foreknowledge is used to stop particular response tendencies . In the standard version, the participant has a general goal to stop when a stop signal occurs, but he or she does not need to deploy this selectively for one motor representation rather than another.
Melanoma is the sixth most common malignancy in the United States; the estimated 62,480 new cases that will be diagnosed this year justify ongoing efforts to identify variables that will accurately predict outcome. In evaluating these variables, age has become an important factor. Researchers also have reported increased rates of SN non visualization in older patients.
Nonspecific effects play a significant role in symptom improvement in a wide range of medical conditions, particularly those that have components of pain or psychological symptoms . Placebo effects are expected in hot flash treatment. A pooled analysis of 10 clinical trials of non hormonal pharmacologic therapies for menopausal hot flashes showed that responses to placebo ranged from 27% to 52%  .
Parathyroid hormone  is a major regulator of calcium metabolism that defends against hypocalcemia, in part by stimulating bone resorption and thereby the release of calcium from the skeleton. The expansion of the osteoblastic pool induced by iPTH is initiated by the release from the bone matrix undergoingresorption of TGFβ, IGF 1, and other growth factors that recruit SCs to remodeling areas. Wnt proteins initiate a canonical signaling cascade by binding to receptors of the Frizzled family together with the coreceptors LRP5 6, which results in the stabilization of cytosolic β catenin.
DMGDH is a mammalian flavin mitochondrial enzyme , which catalyzes the oxidative demethylation of dimethylglycine . In the cell, the redox partner of DMGDH is an electron transferring flavoprotein  . The demethylation is performed using FAD as electron acceptor which is covalently bound to His84  via a histidyl FAD bond .
During the past decade, animal models of Alzheimer’s disease  have made considerable contribution to our understanding of molecular and pathophysiological mechanisms of AD leading to memory deficits , which are difficult to address in human studies and impossible in cultured cells. Furthermore, extensive behavioral studies have demonstrated progressive Aβ dependent memory impairments in a series of AD transgenic mouse models, using a broad battery of hippocampus dependent memory assays such as Morris water maze, Y maze, fear conditioning and object or social recognition tasks. However, these studies predominantly tested the acquisition of learning or memories shortly  after training in APP mice, thus mainly evaluating defects in hippocampal coding of various types of memories .
Alzheimer’s disease  and progressive supranuclear palsy  are two common neurodegenerative tauopathies. In contrast, PSP is a relatively “pure” tauopathy and is characterized by deposition of 4R tau. Elevated concentrations of tau can be measured in AD CSF using assays that quantify central tau epitopes.
Lung cancer remains the leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and worldwide. Adenocarcinoma is the most common type of lung cancer and encompasses lesions with widely variable clinical outcomes. In the absence of noninvasive risk stratification, individualized patient management remains challenging.
Radiation therapy  is commonly used as primary treatment and as an adjuvant to the surgical excision of oral squamous cell cancer in the head and neck. The ensuing hypocellularity and hypoxic environment leads to scarring and fibrosis that make secondary reconstruction of the surgical site difficult. In addition, reconstruction of recurrent tumors and the treatment of extensive osteoradionecrosis, as a side effect of XRT, often require the removal of large amounts of bone in a previously irradiated field.
Classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia  is an autosomal recessive condition caused by an enzymatic deficiency. Girls and women with classic CAH have been found to show some behavioral masculinization, similar to that seen following experimental manipulations of androgens in other species . The potential impact of glucocorticoid abnormality on behavior in individuals with CAH is relatively unexplored.
SCD is a hereditary hemolytic disorder characterized by recurring episodes of painful vaso occlusive crises and endothelial dysfunction . The constant sickling and unsickling cycles result in RBC lysis in the microvasculature and the release of acellular HbS . Plasma hemopexin  has high affinity for free heme that might be released from metHb  .
Docosahexaenoic acid  and arachidonic acid  are two long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids  that are important in infant development of neural functioning  and visual acuity . Linoleic acid  and α linolenic acid  are the parent compounds of ARA and DHA, respectively. Both LA and ALA are considered to be essential fatty acids because they cannot be produced endogenously by humans.
Chromosomal aberrations that are detectable by cytogenetic methods cause a wide variety of developmental abnormalities, which vary with the size and gene content of the aberration . Deletions of the short arm of chromosome 20 are a relatively rare chromosome abnormality, with less than 35 such patients reported in the literature . Deletions can either be cytogenetically visible or sub microscopic, diagnosable only by molecular cytogenetic or other molecular level studies .
Parkinson's disease  is a progressive neurodegenerative disease characterized clinically as gait and motor disturbances such as rigidity, resting tremor, slowness of voluntary movement, and postural instability. In some cases these evolve to frank dementia . Pathologically, PD is characterized by nigrostriatal degeneration precipitated by progressive loss of dopaminergic neuronal cell bodies in the substantia nigra pars compacta  and their projections to the dorsal striatum.
The hyper IgE syndromes   are rare primary immunodeficiencies , characterized by the clinical triad of recurrent staphylococcal skin abscesses, recurrent pneumonia and serum IgE levels of >10 times the upper norm. The genetic causes of AR HIES are largely unknown. reported a monogenetic defect in the cytoplasmatic tyrosine kinase Tyk2 in a single patient with clinical features of AR  HIES who had consanguineous parents .
The burden of lung cancer in the world remains extremely high: the International Agency for Research on Cancer  estimated 1.6 million new diagnoses in 2008  and 1.4 million deaths  . In the U.S. and Canada, incidence  is 48.5 for males and 35.8 for females, while mortality is 37.9 and 24.2, respectively, and cumulative risk  of dying from lung cancer is 3% in females and 4.6% in males. In the U.S. 228,000 new cases of lung cancer and about 160,000 deaths were estimated for 2013 .
Newborn screening  for cystic fibrosis  aims to identify newborns with CF and initiate treatment before symptoms arise. In the United States, NBS begins with an initial blood test at birth and those infants with a positive screening result for CF require additional follow up testing to determine whether they have the disease. The child’s primary care provider  is responsible for notifying parents of the infant’s initial NBS result and for arranging the appropriate follow up testing.
The LGI1 gene, located in 10q24, was isolated through its association with a chromosome translocation breakpoint in the T98G glioma cell line  and has since been shown to regulate cell movement, invasion, and growth in soft agar phenotypes in glioma cells , and is frequently inactivated in head and neck cancer . Early studies using RT PCR analysis suggested that LGI1 expression was lost, or significantly down regulated in advanced stage gliomas , although the subsequent demonstration of high levels of LGI1 expression in neurons  made interpretation of these results more difficult because of the co mingling of this cell type in gliomas. Although reports of LGI1 specific antibodies support the loss of expression in high grade gliomas, the suggestion that these antibodies may cross react with other members of the LGI family of proteins cautions over interpretation of these observations .
Ghrelin is a 28 amino acid peptide first identified in the rat stomach and reported as an endogenous ligand for growth hormone secretagogue receptors . More notably, ghrelin has been implicated in improving endothelial dysfunction, increasing endothelial nitric oxide synthase  expression and reducing pro inflammatory reactions in human endothelial cells. Previous studies have demonstrated that deacylated ghrelin , unlike the standard form of ghrelin, does not inhibit tumor necrosis factor alpha  induced interleukin 8  release.
Transcription, DNA repair, and replication are associated with changes in chromatin . Among these, reversible acetylation of histones at lysine residues play a role in controlling the structure of the chromatin , where highly acetylated histones make the chromatin more accessible to host factors, signifying active transcription. Thus, HATs are also referred to as lysine acetyltransferases .
The humoral and cellular immune responses are critical for the control of human immunodeficiency virus  and simian immunodeficiency virus  infections. The CD4 T cells play a key role in regulating the magnitude and function of humoral and cellular immunity . During acute HIV/SIV infection, massive depletion of memory CD4 T cells occurs predominantly at mucosal sites, with over one half of all memory CD4 T cells in SIV infected rhesus macaque  being destroyed directly by viral infection.
The mammalian amygdala plays an important role in detecting and learning the emotional significance of stimuli encountered by an organism . Within the systems level framework of emotion, the amygdala contributes several component processes, such as stimulus appraisal, relevance detection, activation of neuroendocrine responses, and somatic motor expressions of emotion . As a manifestation of its role in assessing the relevance/significance of stimuli, the amygdala is involved in allocating attention to stimuli of importance .
Motor learning as it is usually studied in the laboratory occurs in a constrained, artificial environment in which the stimulus and desired response are rigidly controlled. Indeed, such experiments allow one to hone in on fundamental, relatively low level mechanisms that underlie adaptive motor control. In other words, because environmental or sensory conditions can change suddenly, the brain must be capable of learning different behavioral modes to produce accurate movements under multiple circumstances.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus  and Alzheimer’s disease  are chronic, age related degenerative disorders that are leading causes of morbidity and mortality in the elderly. Each has attained epidemic proportion, affecting an excess of 171  and 24 million people , respectively, worldwide. A variety of risk factors implicated in the development of T2DM, such as genetic predisposition, age, oxidative stress, obesity, diet, and physical inactivity  appear to also be involved in AD, the most common form of senile dementia .
Anatomic and functional magnetic resonance imaging  has been shown to be a valuable tool in staging prostate cancer above and beyond what is possible with standard clinical tests such as digital rectal exams, transrectal ultrasound guided biopsy and serum prostate specific antigen  measures . While anatomic MRI based primarily on T2 weighted contrast provides delineation of zonal anatomy, extracapsular extension, and regions of cancer, functional MRI studies have been shown to further increase sensitivity and specificity over anatomic imaging alone by improving the differentiation of cancer from benign processes. that the increased spatial encoding capability of the receive B1 field  of each coil element at high field can be used to increase reduction factors  while maintaining a relatively low geometry factor .
Receiving shocks is a physically painful and emotionally distressing event experienced by those living with an implantable cardioverter defibrillator  . Shocks decrease quality of life and increase health care utilization . The longer a person has had the ICD the less accurate they are at remembering how many shocks they received  .
Particle maturation is an integral part of the assembly of complex viruses . The subject of this study was Nudaurelia capensis ω virus , a non enveloped virus with a bipartite, positive sense RNA genome . VLPs purified from baculovirus at pH 7.6 were found to be round, porous particles of diameter 480Å.
Models of blood circulation and gas exchange in the human body have advanced steadily over the past decade. The application focus for these models has been on predicting the dynamics of medically relevant events like carotid artery compression, hypotension, hypercapnia, and thigh cuff deflation. The aim of the present work is to recast a nonlinear dynamic physiological model in the context of neuroimaging.
Vestibular control is a multi component process that involves coordination between eye, head and body movements to allow for the stabilization of the trunk in space during locomotion, and for stabilization of the eyes in space to maintain a steady image on the retina. In some studies, scientists have also employed an experimental approach that allows one to simultaneously examine coordinated eye and head movements . In this paper we present data from guinea pigs that were allowed to move their heads in a completely natural manner during passive stimulation, allowing for simultaneous analysis of their eye and head movements.
Demyelinating diseases are a heterogeneous group of diseases characterized by the destruction of myelin and extensive loss of myelin sheaths of the nerve fibers that can affect both the central and the peripheral nervous systems. Amongst these diseases both primarily autoimmune  and primarily infectious  conditions are included. The labile border between infection and autoimmunity in these diseases is nevertheless epitomized by progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy , a pathology that appears during the treatment of HIV infection.
Myocardial ischemia is a disorder of cardiac function that occurs when blood supply to myocardium is insufficient. AMPK is a stress sensitive kinase that can be activated by ATP depletion such as hypoxia , ischemia  and exercise . Activated AMPK can phosphorylate Acetyl CoA carboxylase  to inhibit its activity involved in fatty acid synthesis .
Alzheimer’s disease and vascular dementia are the two most common forms of cognitive impairment in the elderly. For decades, each was considered a distinct disorder; recent results, however, show that they share many characteristics, including risk factors, neuropathology, and hemodynamics. One common link between these three entities  cerebrovascular dysfunction, ischemic brain injury, and Alzheimer’s disease  is cerebral amyloid angiopathy  .
Research from national population based studies in the United States have generally found that risks of hazardous drinking, alcohol dependence, or other alcohol related problems are greater among sexual minority women compared to heterosexual women . Minority stress may be particularly salient in predicting alcohol problems for sexual minority populations . Significant predictors of substance use among sexual minority women, which are relevant to minority stress, include internalized homophobia  and rejecting reactions to disclosure of sexual minority identity .
Major depression  is more common in subjects with coronary artery disease  than in the general population, with prevalence ranging from 17 to 30% . Depression may be predictive of CAD , although life style factors such as poor diet, lack of exercise, excessive smoking, and poor compliance with medical treatment may also contribute. Sub clinical inflammation may also cause CAD: subjects with depression often exhibit immune imbalance, altered endothelial function, and other inflammatory features .
Acquired immune deficiency syndrome  is a devastating disease that has claimed the lives of an estimated 36 million people. HIV 1 has a small genome and expresses only 15 proteins but exhibits a complex life cycle. Like all viruses it is dependent on host cell proteins and factors for productive replication and spread.
Considerable effort is underway to identify screening strategies that accurately diagnose ovarian cancer in its early stages when it is most treatable . Biomarkers that can be measured in blood products are of particular interest for their potential to provide a low cost, noninvasive screening modality suitable for application to large populations. Mesothelin  and HE4  are two of the most promising novel ovarian cancer biomarkers and are of particular interest as candidate early detection markers.
For American men, prostate cancer has the highest incidence of all cancers and is the third leading cause of death behind heart disease and lung cancer. It is imperative that new treatments be developed to battle this fatal disease . These three qualities allow a TIC to generate the heterogeneous population of cells found within a tumor, while continually maintaining the regenerative pool of TICs.
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease  is the most prevalent respiratory disease in the world and is the 5th leading cause of death in developed nations . It is characterized by airflow limitation that is not fully reversible and commonly affects both the airways and lung parenchyma. The processes that maintain the alveolar capillary network have not been fully defined, however it is increasingly recognized that bone marrow derived progenitor cells play important roles, particularly hematopoietic progenitor cells  and endothelial progenitor cells .
Lung cancer is the second most common cancer and the leading cause of cancer deaths, accounting for 30% of male and 26% of female cancer deaths . With treatment, clinical stage 1A non small cell lung cancer  has a 5 year survival of 61%, while stage IV disease has a 5 year survival of only 1% . Current lung cancer diagnosis and staging focus only on the detection and anatomic distribution of the tumor.
Vascular disorders, including ischemic stroke, are leading causes of mortality and morbidity in modern societies. The underlying patho physiology is likely to be under the influence of both genetic and environmental factors . Telomeres are tandem repeats of DNA sequences located at the ends of eukaryotic chromosomes with the primary function being to protect the telomeric regions from recombination and degradation, thus avoiding a DNA damage cellular response .
Breast cancer remains a leading cause of death amongst women worldwide. There has been a dramatic rise in the incidence of ductal carcinoma in situ  in the US which is at least partially due to the use of screening mammography . Currently, therapy for DCIS involves surgical resection with or without radiation and sometimes adjuvant hormone therapy .
Until recently most research focusing on American Indian/Alaska Native  people and communities was conducted by researchers from academic institutions. These researchers were often “outsiders”; in other words they were not familiar with the community/participants under study nor did they spend time in the community or attend to important cultural differences. In addition, such research practices sometimes led to interventions and practices that were not effective or acceptable to AIAN communities .
Whereas endocrine studies have traditionally been used in conservation to monitor reproduction in rare or threatened species, hormones are now being used to monitor stress physiology as an indicator of how animals cope with social and ecological challenges in their daily lives . In recent years, our understanding of responses by free living animals to potential stressors has been greatly enhanced by the development of methods for non invasive hormone sampling , mainly because more traditional methods of blood sampling can themselves be stressful . Fecal steroid analysis, in particular, offers an economical alternative to drawing blood for frequent collection of samples without disrupting the normal behavior of individuals or groups.
Ionising radiation is a potent human carcinogen. Several tissues and organs are susceptible to the transforming effects of ionising radiation, including the breast in adolescent and young women in whom risk is both dose  and age dependent. In women treated with radiotherapy for Hodgkin lymphoma, there is a linear relationship between radiation exposure and breast cancer risk, with those under the age of 20 years at the time of exposure at the highest risk of developing subsequent breast cancer.
High mobility group box 1 protein  is a ubiquitous 215 amino acid nuclear protein that binds to DNA and promotes its bending, while maintaining genome stability, DNA processing and repair, and controlling autophagy and autophagic clearance of defective mitochondria by regulating the transcription of heat shock protein 27. In addition to these intracellular homeostatic functions and regulation of energy metabolism, HMGB1 can be released from necrotic and non lethally damaged cells into the extracellular milieu where it behaves as a pro inflammatory cytokine. While in the case of necrosis the passive liberation of HMGB1 appears to represent a consequence of nucleorrhexis, much interest has been placed on the process of HMGB1 translocation across the nuclear and plasma membranes of non lethally stressed cells.
Needle biopsy of breast masses is widely recognized as a highly accurate and economical diagnostic procedure when tissue sampling is sufficient. Nondiagnostic samples, typically classified as those which are void of epithelial cells , occur in up to 35% of palpation guided FNAB  procedures and 12% of image guided CNB procedures targeting nonpalpable lesions . These difficulties lead to rebiopsy in approximately 4% of the patients that undergo percutaneous procedures  .
Tuberculosis  is a leading global cause of death. Vitamin D deficiency associates with susceptibility to active TB in numerous settings  and vitamin D supplementation enhances antimycobacterial immunity . Vitamin D is synthesized in the skin during exposure to ultra violet light and is metabolized by the liver to form 25 hydroxyvitamin D D), the major circulating vitamin D metabolite and accepted measure of vitamin D status.
Significant progress has been made recently in treating certain forms of inherited retinal degenerations with gene specific approaches . Treatment is effective regardless if EPO is delivered systemically or intraocularly . To avoid this complication, intraocular delivery was tested.
Human decision making can be biased by context and risk . For example, a supermarket might advertise yogurt as “99% fat free” instead of “1% fat” to encourage sales, although these statements mean the same thing. This framing effect  is conceptually embraced by prospect theory .
Evidence suggests that leukocyte adhesion and leukostasis play an important role in the pathogenesis of diabetic retinopathy . Signal to noise is reduced for two reasons. First, the retinal vasculature is embedded in the retina’s thick, multilayered structure.
It is widely accepted that the number of people identified with autism spectrum disorders  has risen over the past decade . For many youth with ASD, it appears that there is a connection between problems with anxiety and the social impairment that characterizes these disorders. Anxiety, in turn, may exacerbate the social deficit.
Cortical   basal ganglia loop circuits have a vital role in normal learning and decision making, and dysfunction of these circuits is implicated in a wide range of human neurological and psychiatric disorders. Although classic “box and arrow” models of basal ganglia organization  have spurred much fruitful research, it has also been recognized for some time that we require greater knowledge about the dynamics of brain activity in these circuits to reveal their operational principles. Along these lines there has been much recent interest in oscillations and synchrony within the basal ganglia, in both normal and pathological states .
School readiness is a multi dimensional construct that refers to how physically, cognitively, emotionally, socially, and behaviorally prepared for school children are. A large body of research has focused on school readiness not only because of its importance for children’s transition to formal education but also because school readiness has been associated with important long term outcomes including school completion and academic achievement . The vast majority of research on school readiness has examined North American or European samples, which has led to important understanding of these contexts.
Colour vision in most mammals, including mice, is dichromatic, being mediated by M and S opsin photopigments for sensitivity to medium long  and short  wavelengths of light, respectively . Opsins are expressed in cone photoreceptors which are generated before birth in the mouse . Cones begin to express S opsin near birth and M opsin at P8 .
Glioblastoma multiforme  is the most malignant  astrocytoma and is the most frequent type of primary brain tumor. Standard of care treatment involves radiation, chemotherapy, and maximal surgical re section of the tumor; however, as the poor survival rate indicates, these treatments have not been effective in preventing disease progression. One of the hallmarks of GBM is its invasiveness.
Several missense and deletion mutations of DJ 1 cause early onset familial Parkinson’s disease. Several studies suggested DJ 1 may be involved in oxidative sensoring , ubiquitin proteasome system  and post transcriptional regulation  . The expression pattern of DJ 1 in the brain remains controversial.
Multiple sclerosis  is a demyelinating disease affecting humans that is associated with an inflammatory autoimmune response in the central nervous system . The innate immune response recognizes pathogens by pathogen associated molecular patterns  which enables the differentiation between self and non self. Pattern recognition receptors, including the Toll like receptors , recognize PAMPs and signal the cell to respond to the pathogen.
Retinal cell loss is the cause of many degenerative human diseases, including retinitis pigmentosa and age related macular degeneration. Intriguingly, Müller glia , the cell type that initiates retina regeneration, are not specific to the zebrafish retina, but are common to all vertebrates . Treatment of explants with transcription factors and select growth factors can induce mammalian MG to mount a regeneration response but the response is extremely limited .
During the 1990’s, preclinical, early ecological and observational studies historically reported that dietary fat intake was positively associated with breast  and colorectal cancer  risk. A sizeable randomized, controlled trial with adequate statistical power was designed to test this hypothesis. The Women’s Health Initiative  randomized low fat dietary modification  trial  was initiated with incidence of  breast cancer and colorectal cancer as primary outcomes, to test the hypothesis that an intervention involving reduced total fat  would reduce incidence of these outcomes over a 9 year period in 48,000 free living postmenopausal women .
Many studies have demonstrated the ability of folic acid supplementation to prevent neural tube defects  . Folic acid fortification of the food supply was implemented in the U.S. in early 1998, with the goal of reducing NTD prevalence. Indeed, NTD prevalence has declined in the U.S. subsequent to fortification .
The increasing prevalence of obesity among older adults is a major public health problem, because of the increasing number of older adults and the medical complications associated with obesity . Obese older adults are at particularly high risk for developing nonalcoholic fatty liver disease  because both obesity  and aging  are associated with increased IHF accumulation. The development of NAFLD in older adults has serious clinical implications, because of the potential progression to severe liver disease and the association of NAFLD with metabolic risk factors for coronary heart disease, including insulin resistance, diabetes, and dyslipidemia .
Convection enhanced delivery  uses fluid pressure at the tip of the delivery cannula and bulk flow to propagate substances within the extracellular fluid spaces . With the increasing use of CED in clinical neurosurgery , investigators have sought to visualize the delivery of therapeutics intra operatively. Adeno associated viral vectors  contain single stranded DNA genomes and are members of the nonpathogenic parvovirus family.
It is argued by some that, as an organizing principle for US health care, approaching each patient strictly as an individual is obsolete, and that the population health approach is an alternative for improving and maintaining the health of everyone in the community . Within the ICF, activity constitutes the “execution of a task by an individual,” and participation represents “involvement in a life situation,” characterized according to identical sets of “chapters” . IADLs, more complex domestic life and household management tasks, are necessary for all individuals if they are to participate in community life .
Over the past decade, there has been a precipitous decline in HIV related deaths worldwide because of the wide availability of antiretroviral therapy , which means that HIV infected parents are living healthier and longer and are increasingly likely to have children and/or raise their children into adolescence or adulthood. However, HIV infected parents often find it difficult to disclose their HIV status to children  due to various concerns . However, empirical data on these issues are limited to date .
It has been well established from current combat related injuries during US military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan that the ratio of serious injuries to fatal casualties exceeds that of previous conflicts. Orthopaedic trauma comprises the vast majority of these war wounds, as 70% of casualties involve the musculoskeletal system, 26% are fractures, and 82% of the fractures are open. Thus, it is not surprising that the incidence of osteomyelitis  in combat related extremity injuries is between 2% to 15%, and is of great concern.
Determination of high resolution three dimensional structures of transmembrane proteins remains a major challenge in biochemistry. Furthermore, structures of TMPs from eukaryotic sources appear to be particularly elusive. 2) Purification of particular TMPs away from other membrane components requires solubilization in detergent, which can denature proteins and remove critical co factors or bound lipids.
Tumor antigen specific CD4+ helper T cells play important roles in the induction and maintenance of antitumor immune responses. In addition, immune potentiating cytokines from CD4+ T cells may help other immune cells to overcome the actions of immunosuppressive factors . In the classical view of antigen presentation, intracellular and extracellular proteins are presented to CD8+ and CD4+ T cells via the MHC class I  and MHC class II  pathways, respectively .
The urokinase type plasminogen activator  system plays an important role in the progression of many types of cancer . Binding of uPA to its receptor  initiates a proteolytic cascade that ultimately results in degradation of extracellular matrix  components and activation of matrix metalloproteases . These processes in turn lead to tumor invasion and metastasis.
In adolescents, externalizing disorders and the syndrome of neurobehavioral disinhibition are a broad spectrum of disorders involving poor impulse control as a cardinal feature. These disorders are linked to substance use disorder , thus possibly representing a vulnerability to addiction . With the eventual goal of assessing whether deficits of impulse control predate and/or potentially predispose to drug use, our laboratory studies impulsivity in adolescents who are at high risk for poor impulse control .
Chemokines play a major role in orchestrating innate and adaptive immune responses by controlling the migration of leukocytes using G protein coupled chemokine receptors that decorate the surface of these cells. In humans, ACKR2 is expressed by lymphatic endothelial cells , trophoblasts, and some leukocyte populations . IBC serve key roles during homeostasis, autoimmunity and infection, and new properties of these cells continue to be defined.
Sturge Weber syndrome  is characterized by vascular malformations present in the skin , eye, and meninges  . The intracranial vascular anomaly is most often unilateral and involves the occipital and parietal lobes, although it might affect other lobes and spare the most posterior region in some cases . Seizures are the most common neurologic complications, varying from 72% to 93% in unilateral and bilateral involvement, respectively .
Several examples of DNA templated organic reactions have been reported, but far fewer stereo  and regio specific DNA mediated polymerization reactions are known. In previous work, we have reported the attachment of dicarboxyl and diamino groups to the 2′ position of uridine nucleoside analogs. These side chains were condensed to form short segments of a nylon like polymer pendent from the nucleic acid backbone.
The AAS are synthetic derivatives of testosterone whose therapeutic use has been overshadowed by illicit self administration of excessive doses of these drugs resulting in adverse effects on reproduction and sexual behaviors . AAS abuse by teenagers  may present even greater risks than for adults, given the greater hormone sensitivity of the brain during adolescence . Administration of supraphysiological levels of AAS in rodents alters pubertal onset and reproductive behaviors and is associated with suppression of gonadotropin secretion and disruption of the hypothalamic pituitary gonadal  axis .
T cells are the only leukocyte subset in the ovarian cancer microenvironment known to exert spontaneous immune pressure against tumor progression, such that the infiltration of tumor islets by CD3+ T cells was definitively associated with a better outcome in a large cohort of patients . Interestingly, subsequent studies confirming the protective role of T cells in ovarian cancer suggest that CD4+ T cells actually have an unfavorable effect on prognosis, restricting the beneficial mediators of antitumor immune pressure to CD8+ T cells  . Yet, studies dating back more than two decades, indicate that in the absence of CD8+ T cells, CD4+ T cells directly act to eradicate both solid and haematologic malignancies .
We hypothesized that the degree of preserved functional connectivity within the DMN during the first week after cardiopulmonary arrest  would be associated with functional outcome at hospital discharge . Initially comatose CPA survivors with indeterminate prognosis at 72 hours were enrolled. In hospital and out of hospital CPA patients were identified by provider referral, screening the hospital census, and review of the hospital Code Blue record.
The extracellular pH  of malignant solid tumors is acidic, in the range of 6.5 to 6.9, whereas the pHe of normal tissues is significantly more alkaline, 7.2 to 7.5 . Mathematical models of the tumor host interface  and in vivo measurements have shown that solid tumors export acid into the surrounding parenchyma . Previous in vitro studies have shown that tumor cell invasion can be stimulated by acidic conditions and that this may involve lysosomal proteases .
In 2014, approximately 55,070 new cases of head and neck cancer, the majority of which are of a squamous histology , will be diagnosed in the United States and an estimated 12,000 individuals will die of these cancers . Alcohol and tobacco use are the major risk factors for HNSCC. HPV is also strongly associated with some HNSCC, especially oropharynx cancers  .
Animal lesion models and studies involving patients with selective damage to structures of the medial temporal lobe  have demonstrated critical involvement of this brain region in the encoding and retrieval of long term declarative memory, the memory for facts and events . Neuroimaging and neuropsychological studies of patients with damage to the prefrontal cortex  have also suggested the contribution of the PFC to the encoding of long term memory  . The topdown influence of prefrontal activity upon parahippocampal activity is consistent with the anatomical connectivity between these brain regions .
Acute Myeloid Leukemia  is an aggressive malignancy of the bone marrow characterized by accumulation of early myeloid blood cells that fail to mature and differentiate. The course of the disease is marked by poor prognosis, frequent relapse, and high disease related mortality . Recent clinical investigation has focused on the identification of prognostic subgroups in adult AML with the goal of guiding patients into risk adapted therapies.
Trigeminal pain disorders, such as migraine and temporomandibular disorders , are more prevalent in women than in men , which has been attributed to oestrogen fluctuations over the course of the menstrual cycle . Trigeminal pain in women changes with the menstrual cycle. Although clinical data suggest that oestrogen increases susceptibility to trigeminal pain disorders, the fall in oestrogen at the time of menstruation may precipitate an attack, suggesting a complex relationship between oestrogen levels and trigeminal pain .
Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor A  is an essential regulator of vascular physiology. VEGF A plays key roles in vasculogenesis and angiogenesis during development. Angiogenesis is needed for embryogenesis and wound healing but is also associated with cancer, eye diseases and other chronic disorders.
Ewing's family tumors are malignancies that share histological features as well as a recurrent and specific t chromosomal translocation . This translocation results in a chimeric transcript encoding the N terminal domain of the RNA binding protein EWS and the DNA binding domain of the ETS family transcription factor Fli1 . The resultant EWS Fli1 chimeric fusion protein is known to affect both gene transcription and RNA splicing  .
DNA damage from endogenous and exogenous sources can promote increased mutation rates and cell death, two processes implicated in diseases such as cancer and neurodegeneration . Importantly, it has been demonstrated that activities belonging to direct, base excision, mismatch, nucleotide excision, and recombination repair pathways are present in organisms ranging from bacteria to humans, with many of the initial mechanistic and genetic studies performed in E. coli  . Further, the coordination and integration of DNA damage signaling pathways with each other and the rest of the cellular proteome are still relatively uncharacterized.
B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia  represents the most common form of leukemia in adults of Western countries, accounts for 25% of all cases of leukemia in adults. However, this traditional view has changed in the past decade. Recent investigations have shown that high lymphocyte count can result from not only the prolonged survival, but also from proliferating cells originated in the bone morrow, lymph nodes or spleen.
Coronary heart disease is an important threat to public health in the world . Elevated plasma triglyceride  and reduced high density lipoprotein cholesterol  concentrations are major risk factors for coronary heart disease . Intensive and sustained lifestyle modifications such as physical activity and diets especially when associated with weight loss, reduced TG levels, but for many individuals pharmacological interventions are needed to achieve substantial reduction in TGs.
Historically, therapeutic alliance has received considerable attention in adult treatment, with over 7000 studies of therapeutic alliance in adult psychotherapy . The most common definition of therapeutic alliance makes reference to the development of an affective bond, agreement on tasks, and agreement on goals . In child psychotherapy, therapeutic alliance has been strongly associated with improved parenting , reductions in the child’s symptomatology , and improved family functioning .
Early life stress has been implicated in mental health disorders, such as schizophrenia, clinical depression and more recently, Autism Spectrum Disorder . Maternal separation has frequently been used in rodents to model neonatal stress and has been well characterized in terms of its developmental programming of the HPA axes and associated behavioral alterations . The objective of this study is to provide an initial behavioral characterization of a new stress paradigm in Balb/CByJ mice, which minimizes maternal separation time from the pups.
Measuring older adults’ decision making competence  reliably and validly is critical for  identifying individuals whose decision making abilities are impaired;  avoiding inappropriate removal of decision making power from competent individuals, and  advancing theories of when and how decision makers across the adult lifespan are able to meet the demands of various decision environments. Even though robust assessment tools are essential for modeling and assisting successful aging, few tools provide a performance based analysis of older adults’ DMC. In this article, we report progress in an ongoing research program that aims to measure older adults’ decision skills using behavioral decision tasks .
Styrene  is an important industrial chemical widely used in the manufacture of plastics, resins, and synthetic rubbers. The highest levels of human exposure to styrene occur in the reinforced plastic industry. Occupational and environmental exposures to styrene take place mainly by inhalation.
Chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome  is a common but poorly understood condition. Pelvic pain or discomfort is the principal diagnostic criterion. , The mechanisms underlying the development of CP/CPPS are unknown.
Patients suffering from chronic heart failure have a reduced capacity for physical work. These peripheral skeletal muscle adaptations limit physical function independent of cardiac impairment and persist despite correction of cardiac dysfunction. Aerobic fitness is commonly assumed to be the primary determinant of physical function in heart failure patients because exertional fatigue and dyspnea are predominant symptoms of the disease.
Regulation of connexins is critical in maintaining normal cell function. Connexins compose gap junctions, plasma membrane channels that mediate the direct cell to cell exchange of small molecules such as ions, second messengers, and small metabolites . Cx43 is the most widely expressed connexin and is critical in various physiological events, such as cell growth, differentiation, and certain developmental processes .
The Kruppel like family of zinc finger transcription factors  regulates a range of biological processes, including cell growth, differentiation, embryogenesis and tumorigenesis . In the intestine, expression of Klf4 appears to be associated primarily with the terminally differentiated state of epithelial cells since by in situ hybridization and immunostaining, Klf4 localizes to the upper region of the colonic crypt of the adult mouse  . Thus, the broader role that Klf4 may play in the maturation program of other cell types in the intestinal mucosa is not clear.
OSU 03012, a derivative of the drug Celecoxib, lacks COX2 inhibitory activity . COX2 is over expressed in several tumor types and drugs that inhibit COX2 i.e. Celecoxib have been shown to cause tumor cell specific increases in cell death, and that are also associated with a lower rate of growth . Expression levels of COX2 do not simplistically correlate with tumor cell sensitivity to COX2 inhibitors .
Tooth development is largely under genetic control and all familial cases as well as the majority of sporadic cases of congenital tooth agenesis are likely to be caused by sequence variations in one of the many genes that are involved in tooth development . Hypohidrotic Ectodermal Dysplasia  is such a syndrome, which features hypoplasia of most epithelial appendages including variable numbers of missing teeth, sparse hair, hypoplastic or aplastic sweat glands leading to hypohidrosis with potentially life threatening hyperthermia. Non syndromic tooth agenesis on the other hand, has been defined as affecting predominantly the dentition and involving primarily tooth specific genes   .
Cystic fibrosis  lung disease is characterized by airway obstruction, chronic infection, and neutrophil dominated inflammation leading to progressive and irreversible lung destruction. Neutrophil derived DNA contributes to the increased viscosity of airway secretions. Dornase alfa  hydrolyzes DNA, reducing the viscosity of CF sputum.
Alcohol is the most commonly used intoxicant among underage youth in the U.S. followed by marijuana, with 45% of teens report drinking and 18% report using marijuana in the past month . Alcohol related effects on sleep have been extensively studied in adults. Acute and subacute alcohol withdrawal  have been associated with decreased Slow Wave Sleep  and higher Rapid Eye Movement  pressure .
Epithelial cell migration plays a fundamental role in a wide variety of physiological processes ranging from tissue and organ remodeling during embryogenesis to cancer progression and other pathological events. Epithelial cell sheet migration has a central role in skin wound healing. Myosin II, an abundant motor protein in nonmuscle cells, has key roles in this respect during cell migration, in posterior cell retraction, and via poorly understood mechanisms, in helping stabilize nascent focal adhesions in the anterior portion of the cell .
Leishmaniasis, caused by infection with parasites of the Leishmania genus, affects millions of individuals worldwide causing serious morbidity and mortality. Individuals infected with Leishmania present with different clinical forms, depending on the species/strain of the parasite, as well as characteristics of the host’s immune response. CL is the most frequent form and is clinically characterized by the presence of a single skin ulcer with elevated borders that can progress to spontaneous healing.
Salivary glands are highly specialized exocrine organs secreting large amounts of protein and fluid. Both acini and ductal cells can synthesize and secrete large amounts of proteins but acinar cells typically produce most protein. Autonomic nerves closely control levels of protein synthesis  so that feeding  drives protein synthesis to replenish stored proteins.
Changes in the configurational entropy of molecules are believed to contribute importantly to the free energies of conformational change and binding. A reliable method of computing configurational entropy could provide valuable insights into the mechanism of such processes, and could also offer important assistance in problems of molecular design. However, calculating entropy is traditionally a highly challenging problem, especially for complex molecules.
As a transcription factor that is activated by environmental stimuli and cellular stresses, NF κB plays an important role in numerous biological and pathological processes . In cancer cells, NF κB is frequently activated and contributes to proliferation, survival, invasion, and metastasis . NF κB is generally considered as a cell survival factor that protect cancer cells against apoptosis because it upregulates expression of anti apoptotic genes .
Serotonin , is a major neurotransmitter acting upon several receptor subtypes in brain, among which is the well characterized serotonin subtype 4  receptor . This G protein coupled receptor is positively linked to adenylyl cyclase  with influence over acetylcholine , dopamine  and serotonin release . The distribution of 5 HT4 receptors in human brain is postsynaptic and is relatively dense in basal ganglia and hippocampal formation, less dense in neocortex and absent in cerebellum .
Benign prostatic hyperplasia , the most common benign neoplasm in American men, is a chronic, progressive condition associated with the development of lower urinary tract symptoms . While LUTS rarely progress to become life threatening, they frequently have a negative impact on men’s quality of life. It has been demonstrated that the effect of moderate LUTS on health related quality of life  was comparable to that of having diabetes, high blood pressure or cancer, while the effect of severe LUTS was comparable to having had a heart attack or stroke.
Asperger syndrome  is an autism spectrum disorder which is characterized by deficient social interaction and communication skills, stereotyped behaviors, as well as circumscribed special interests . Furthermore, auditory hypersensitivity is common in AS , and might be partly explained by the enhanced cortical sound discrimination ability reported in this syndrome  . However, research on this topic has so far been quite sparse.
Identification of new biomarkers to predict bad pregnancy/fetal outcomes would be of enormous clinical benefit. In particular, a non invasive detection of a biomarker that can identify pregnancies at risk would allow determining optimal timing of delivery and implementation of neuroprotective strategies to the mother. Currently, there are very few methods to predict adverse pregnancy/fetal outcomes .
The incidence of delayed fracture healing, or non union, is estimated to occur in 5 10% of fractures . Studies have found mechanosensitivity to have a genetic basis . Within this pathway, the PTEN gene  encodes the Pten protein and negatively regulates activation of Akt.
Parkinson's disease  is a disabling neurodegenerative disorder marked by progressive motor dysfunction and characterized by the loss of nigrostriatal dopamine  neurons and cytoplasmic inclusions termed Lewy bodies . While the pathogenesis of PD has not yet been established, previous studies have implicated both genetic as well as environmental contributions. In a recent study, a nematode model of α syn induced misfolding and age dependent DA neurodegeneration was used to screen a candidate list of ∼900 starting targets, derived from analysis of proteins or pathways implicated in PD, as well as co expressed and interacting partners .
Ebola  and Marburg  virus are members of the family Filoviridae, which belongs to the order Mononegavirales. The isolation of highly pathogenic strains of MARV  now makes rates of fatality from MARV similar to those of EBOV in Zaire, Sudan and Ivory Coast —fatalities originating from a viral induced hemorrhagic fever that reach rates of up to 90%  . The MARV genome, like other members of the order, is a negative sense single stranded  RNA genome just over 19kb in length that encodes seven genes .
Cross cultural studies of substance use behaviors have demonstratedconsiderable variation in the types of substances most commonly consumed, as well asthe social and physical contexts in which they are consumed . For example, a 2002 review article on minority womenand drinking opened with the statement that “Women's drinking patterns areinfluenced by the cultural norms and practices of the ethnic groups to which theybelong, in addition to other environmental and biological factors,” . We find this use ofthe concept of cultural norms, published in NIAAA's practitioner directed journalAlcohol Research & Health, to be fairly typical of theliterature in our field .
Human plasma phospholipid transfer protein  is a 476 amino acid protein secreted by a wide variety of tissues  and is associated predominantly with apo A I containing lipoproteins in plasma . Among the diverse biological functions proposed for PLTP is its role in modulating vascular lipoproteins. In vitro, PLTP can facilitate the transfer of phospholipids and cholesterol from the lower density lipoproteins to high density lipoproteins .
The proportion of women who are overweight  25 30 kg/m2) or obese  when they become pregnant is substantial and rapidly increasing; a recent study estimated that over 20% of US women are obese at the start of pregnancy. High pre pregnancy BMI, particularly obesity, increases the risk of numerous adverse maternal and fetal outcomes including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and fetal death. The impact of obesity on physical health during pregnancy has been studied extensively, while the relationship between obesity and maternal mental health has been largely neglected.
Primary Sjögren’s Syndrome  is an autoimmune disease characterized by a lymphocytic infiltrate in, and subsequent destruction of, the lacrimal and salivary glands . Immune mediated impairment of glandular function results in keratoconjunctivitis sicca and xerostomia . Traditionally, animal models have been employed to dissect the cellular and genetic mechanisms underlying many human diseases.
Urinary tract infections  occur in women with diabetes mellitus more frequently than in women without diabetes, are more severe, with pyelonephritis occurring at a five fold higher rate, and often result in complications that are otherwise rare, such as emphysematous cystitis, and fungal infections . Asymptomatic bacteriuria  occurs three times more often among women with diabetes than among otherwise healthy women; ASB is associated with an increased risk of symptomatic infection but is not causative . The presence of ASB in diabetic women is not associated with a faster decline in renal function , or greater risk of diabetic complications or mortality.
The costs of an uncomplicated renal transplant event are approximately $100 000 for the first in 90 days of care . CMS is the primary payer for most of kidney transplant patients and though kidney transplantation is cost effective compared to long term dialysis, kidney transplant recipients consume significant healthcare resources . CMS spends $27 billion/year on the care of renal failure patients, and approximately 13% of this amount is for kidney transplantation  .
One of the still unsolved mysteries of anesthesia is how temporary amnesia is produced during wakefulness by drugs such as midazolam or propofol. Encoding is defined as the process of acquiring and representing information in memory. For the purposes of the current study memory processes after encoding are divided into working and long term memories.
Emotions are associated with the automatic generation of bodily responses, notably those mediated by the autonomic nervous system: changes in heart rate, blood pressure and bodily states contributes to emotional feelings: coupling of emotion with peripheral arousal is highlighted by influential theories of emotion, such as that of James and Lange, who argued that the central representation of bodily arousal states provides emotional colour to otherwise emotionless sensory experiences . There is increasing interest in neuroanatomy supporting interactions between affect and bodily arousal states. It is also noteworthy that all these regions have been shown to be sensitive to visceral changes .
Reactions of high valent iron complexes have attracted considerable interest because iron oxo intermediates are formed in catalytic oxidations in the laboratory and in nature . In a typical catalytic sequence, an iron species is oxidized to an iron oxo transient with a formal oxidation state of +5 on iron by a peroxy  or oxo containing sacrificial oxidant, and the high valent iron oxo species then oxidizes a substrate in a two electron, oxo transfer process to return the iron complex . Synthetic porphyrin iron complexes and related corrole iron complexes mimic heme containing peroxidase and cytochrome P450 enzymes, and high valent iron oxo species with both types of macrocycles have been known for years .
Pyrethroids are synthetic chemicals modeled after the naturally occurring pyrethrins, found in chrysanthemums . These axonic poisons cause paralysis and ultimately death of the organism by keeping sodium channels open in the neuronal membranes. Pyrethroid pesticides are often thought of as “safer” alternatives to the more toxic organophosphates because of their low mammalian toxicity.
Coordination of activity between the hippocampus and medial prefrontal cortex  has been demonstrated extensively during sleep and wakefulness . During sleep, ensembles of hippocampal place cells reactivate memory traces that represent spatial trajectories encoded during wakefulness . The reactivation of place cells occurs during brief high frequency oscillations  in the hippocampal local field potential  and is thought to have a direct role in memory consolidation .
Squamous cell carcinoma  is the most common malignancy of the upper aero digestive tract. Despite continually evolving therapeutic options, we have witnessed little improvement in survival for patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck  over the past three decades . However, such vaccination approaches designed to stimulate anti tumor T cell immunity for SCCHN have demonstrated only limited efficacy .
Cognition is a set of high level brain functions that vary substantially among individuals. Genes involved in synaptic signaling or plasticity have been implicated in cognitive variability. Recently, two genes have received particular attention for these effects.
Advances in the treatment of pediatric major depressive disorder have demonstrated effective acute phase treatments, including antidepressant medication , psychotherapy  and their combination ). Most treatment studies focus on acute phase outcomes, and those studies which report long term outcomes generally continue the acute phase treatments into long term care. Few studies have included specific sequential continuation treatment strategies developed to improve long term outcomes .
Gastric cancer  is a major cause of cancer related death, worldwide. Helicobacter pylori  plays an important role in gastric carcinogenesis, although the majority of individuals with H. pylori infection do not develop gastric cancer. It is now widely accepted that changes in DNA methylation patterns, particularly promoter hypermethylation and global  hypomethylation, contribute to cancer development and tumor growth.
The class B scavenger receptor family is a group of integral membrane proteins which includes scavenger receptor class B type I , its splicing variant SR BII , thrombospondin receptor CD36 and lysosomal integral membrane protein II . CD36 is a well known lipoprotein receptor and a long chain fatty acid  transporter . CD36 also binds oxidized low density lipoprotein  facilitating foam cell formation and development of atherosclerosis .
Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers affecting men in the United States with approximately 234,000 new cases and 30,000 deaths in year 2006 alone . Lipoxygenases  are a family of non heme iron containing proteins that catalyze the dioxygenation of polyunsaturated fatty acids containing the 1 cis 4 cis pentadiene moiety to form bioactive lipids. Dependent on the predominant position of the incorporation of hydroperoxy group, LOXs are classfied as 5 , 8 , 12 , and 15 LOXs, whose main products are 5 , 8 , 12, and 15 HETE, respectively .
Schistosomiasis, also known as bilharzia or snail fever, is a neglected tropical disease caused by parasitic schistosomes  indigenous to tropical and subtropical regions of the developing world. Biomphalaria fresh water snails serve as intermediate hosts for Schistosoma mansoni and release infectious larvae , which burrow into human skin upon contact with contaminated water sources. After definitive host penetration, the parasite transforms into a schistosomulum that enters the circulation and migrates to the hepatic portal and mesenteric veins surrounding the liver.
Experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis  is a CD4+ T cell mediated demyelinating autoimmune disease of the central nervous system  in mice , which serves as a model of multiple sclerosis  in humans. EAE in rodents is characterized by histological lesions in the CNS, typically consisting of demyelination and infiltrates of autoreactive T cells and other mononuclear cells . Although these cells reside predominantly in tissue exposed to the external environment, including the skin, intestinal tract, and trachea, they are also normally present in the heart, lymph nodes, spleen, and the CNS .
Congenital heart defects  occur in approximately 1% of live births and are the most common birth defects . Most CHDs are caused by abnormalities in septation and valvulogenesis. The tubular OFT rotates counterclockwise during the formation of the great arteries .
Paclitaxel is a first line chemotherapeutic agent that inhibits the dynamic instability of microtubules, thus preventing bi orientation of chromosomes during mitosis . Our goal here was to identify the cell autonomous components that permit escape from mitotic stress induced cell death in a paclitaxel resistant NSCLC setting . By inhibiting the dynamic instability of microtubules, paclitaxel disrupts chromosome alignment, thereby preventing satisfaction of the spindle assembly checkpoint .
Kaposi sarcoma associated herpesvirus , also known as human herpesvirus 8  was first described in 1994 . KSHV is etiologically associated with all forms of Kaposi sarcoma , primary effusion lymphoma , and multicentric Castleman disease  . Successful KSHV infection is characterized by both virus entry and the ability of the virus to establish latency.
The high level of alcohol binge drinking during adolescence remains an important public health concern . The adolescent brain is more sensitive to the neurotoxic effects of alcohol than the adult brain . Especially vulnerable are brain structures that mature later in development, such as the cortex and hippocampus , which are key regions in the modulation of attentional and cognitive processes and impulsivity .
Although the health benefits of breastfeeding are well established, the rates of breastfeeding initiation, continuation, and exclusive breastfeeding during the first few months of infancy are lower than expected among US mothers . Multiple health organizations, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the World Health Organization, and the American Academy of Pediatrics, recommend exclusive breastfeeding for the first four to six months of life . Despite this, the CDC estimates the national rate for exclusive breastfeeding among new US mothers at infant age three months to be only 35 percent .
Men who have sex with men  continue to make up the vast majority of HIV infections in the US. For example, BMSM on the whole report fewer sex partners and similar rates of unprotected anal intercourse when compared with WMSM. Alarming rates of HIV among BMSM have led this group to be among the foremost priority HIV prevention populations in the US.
In the United States, there exists a common stereotype of the Asian model minority: a group of individuals who excel academically and exhibit few behavioral difficulties . For this reason, at risk Asian American youth remain relatively understudied. Between 1980 and 2000, juvenile arrests of Asian youth increased by 11 percent in the U.S., while juvenile arrests during the same period decreased for African American and European American adolescents .
Interactions between neurons and glial cells are crucial mechanisms underlying synaptic plasticity in the spinal dorsal horn in pathological pain conditions . Previous studies have shown that glial cells can enhance activation of glutamate receptors in the spinal dorsal horn by reducing glial glutamate transporter functions  and releasing pro inflammatory cytokines including interleukin 1beta  . Further, impairment of glial glutamate transporters reduces GABAergic synaptic activities in the spinal dorsal horn due to insufficient GABA synthesis through the glutamate glutamine cycle between astrocytes and neurons .
The majority of aligned sample solid state NMR studies on proteins immobilized in supramolecular complexes, such as virus particles or membranes, have relied on 1H/15N double resonance experiments . There are several advantages to this approach, including the relative ease and low cost of labeling all nitrogen sites in proteins obtained by expression in bacteria . Solid state NMR experiments on uniformly 15N labeled proteins are straightforward because they have no nitrogen atoms directly bonded to other nitrogen atoms in either backbone or side chain sites.
EC have been shown to play a central role in vasculogenesis during development and in angiogenesis . Besides their potential role in regenerative medicine, EC are an important tool for studying vasculogenic and angiogenic mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of vascular disease, cancer, and diabetic retinopathy. In addition, endothelial signaling in developmental organogenesis appears to be universal in vertebrates , making them important for tissue engineering.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia  remains a life threatening disease process prevalent among immunosuppressed populations. Despite many improvements in our ability to care for critically ill patients, the mortality attributable to PcP has changed little and remains unacceptably high . Therefore new treatment modalities that specifically address the pathophysiology of PcP are needed.
Serotonin  has long been documented to play a critical trophic role in early brain development . One unique developmental feature concerning 5 HT is its transient presence in thalamocortical afferents, particularly those involved in primary sensory circuits . These findings suggest that abnormal development of the 5 HT system could lead to altered wiring of neural circuits and inappropriate behavior .
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a systemic inflammatory disease of unknown etiology characterized by destructive joint disease, significant morbidity and increased mortality . There are numerous genetic factors associated with increased risk for RA including HLA alleles containing the shared epitope , PTPN22 polymorphism, and others . These genetic factors are thought to predispose individuals to the development of autoimmunity, likely due to genetic and environmental interactions .
Back pain is a common occupational problem in commercial fishermen. Low back symptoms were the most common cause of work impairment among a cohort of North Carolina commercial fishermen . However, the importance of these factors from a prevention standpoint is limited by the degree to which they are modifiable.
Most therapeutic regimens for lymphoma are based on combinations of drugs, radiation and/or surgery to maximize patient survival. Moreover, several current clinical trials are based on the combination of oncolytic viruses with other therapies , . We reasoned that MV might be especially adept to treat lymphoma because of its natural tropism for lymphocytes .
Individuals lower in socioeconomic status  consistently suffer poorer mental and physical health. These patterns make low SES one of the most robust risk factors for disease and disability . In children, the types of factors that have most consistently been found to be protective against outcomes such as mood and antisocial disorders include supportive relationships with others such as close family relationships and authoritative parenting  .
Worldwide, nearly half of all pregnancies are unintended, contributing to substantial negative health outcomes including maternal morbidity and mortality, complicated pregnancy outcomes and significant societal burdens . Despite a wide variety of reversible hormonal contraceptive methods available for women , no new reversible contraception options have been developed for men since the invention of condoms over 400 years ago. Reduced levels of circulating gonadotropins cause suppression of intratesticular testosterone concentrations and the combination of reduced intratesticular testosterone and reduced serum follicle stimulating hormone  levels markedly suppresses spermatogenesis.
During the last decade, attempts to improve survival of adults with ALL have focused on the role of early dose intensification to eradicate minimal residual disease and prevent the emergence of drug resistant sub clones. Several trials have explored the role of allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation performed in first remission,. Others have tested the efficacy of dose intensification of several of the drugs that are standard components of ALL regimens,.
Family relationship quality predicts medical outcomes in stroke , end stage renal disease , and heart failure . Important aspects of family relationships include the extent to which family members are critical or blaming of each other, and the extent to which family members can express their feelings with each other and confide in each other. People with marital dissatisfaction are almost three times more likely to develop an episode of depression over a 12 month period than people who are satisfied with their marital relationship  and perceived criticism from family members predicts higher rates of relapse in depression  .
Chromosomes are not randomly arranged in the vertebrate cell nucleus . However, it is not clear to what extent their nuclear positions, together with their neighborhoods, are conserved in daughter cells . Using similar experimental approaches, the results of recent studies argued that the chromosomes were arranged similarly in maternal and daughter cells , or that positions of chromosomes in daughter nuclei were conserved only partly and in most cases largely differed from the positions seen in mother cell nuclei  .
While the biomedical effectiveness of antiretroviral therapy  for HIV/AIDS is well established , far less is known about the “social effectiveness” of ART for adults in sub Saharan Africa. One primary way that working aged adults contribute to household welfare is by generating income in either the formal or informal sector. Unlike biomedical effectiveness, which can readily be determined for individual patients through laboratory monitoring and medical exams, in most settings labor productivity cannot be measured at the individual level.
The immediate early gene  Arc/Arg3.1  was identified as a hippocampal transcript strongly induced by seizures and synaptic plasticity inducing electrical stimulation in the rat hippocampus . Since the publication of the two original papers, Arc/Arg3.1 has become one of the best studied brain expressed IEGs, and a large amount of data has demonstrated Arc/Arg3.1 induction under physiological and pathological conditions . Thus, although the detailed mechanisms through which Arc/Arg3.1 affects hippocampal functions are still under investigation, with recent evidence pointing to regulation of AMPA receptor endocytosis , mapping of Arc/Arg3.1 transcriptional induction provides a high resolution approach to linking the activity of neural circuits to complex hippocampus based behavior .
Epithelial ovarian cancer  is the fourth leading cause of cancer related deaths in women in the United States and the leading cause of gynecologic cancer deaths. Although 80% 90% of patients initially respond to first line chemotherapy agents carboplatin and paclitaxel, less than 1015% remain in complete remission and most patients eventually recur with chemoresistant tumors . Treatment advances have led to an improved five year survival of about 45%, but not in overall survival.
Neural differentiation of embryonic stem cells  has become a prolific area of stem cell research. However, the use of hESCs for generating cell types appropriate for cell based interventions is dependent on progress in defining the mechanisms controlling their fate into different subtypes including motor neurons and astrocytes as well as developing distinct biomarkers for their isolation, . Proteomics has emerged as a powerful direct method of simultaneous identification and quantitation of proteins.
G protein coupled receptors  are the largest family of signal transduction proteins in the mammalian genome and a major target of therapeutic drugs,. β arrestins are multifunctional scaffold proteins involved in desensitization, clathrin mediated endocytosis  and GPCR signaling. Historically, GPCR signaling was considered linear and drug development programs focused on the discovery of ligands that would either activate or block receptor function.
Developing hematopoietic cells normally require input from growth factor signaling pathways to support basal glucose metabolism for cell survival and proliferation. The extent to which this metabolic phenotype impacts cell survival or oncogenesis, however, remains unclear . Cancer cells can become growth factor independent through the activation of pathways that mimic growth factor signaling and inhibition of these pathways has proven an effective way to eliminate cancer cells.
Childhood overweight  and obesity  affect nearly 1/3 of U.S. children, and the prevalence of these conditions has increased at least four fold since the 1970s . It is unclear whether risk factors for obesity in ASD are the same or different from risk factors for children generally. For instance, poor sleep quality, which is common in ASD , may be both a cause  and a consequence  of unhealthy weight.
Changes in vascular growth and survival play an important role in neointimal formation during the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and the arterial response to injury . As similar changes are also apparent during vascular morphogenesis and modeling of the embryonic vasculature  , we postulated that the control of cell growth and maintenance following vascular injury may share similar signaling patterns . Hedgehogs  are a class of 19 kDa morphogens that interact with heparin on the cell surface through an N terminal basic domain and are tethered to the surface through cholesterol and fatty acyl modification .
Symptomatic seizures in infancy are associated with later life epilepsy and cognitive deficits. Hypoxia is one of the most common causes of neonatal seizures, occurring in 12/1000 live births , and is associated with development of epilepsy, neurobehavioral deficits, and intellectual disability . Epilepsy and autistic like behavior have been described to occur concurrently in 30% of patients with either disorder ; the rate of co occurrence is even higher in subjects with both autism and intellectual disability .
Social phobia is characterized by pervasive social timidity, social distress and avoidance, and for some individuals, difficulty in basic social discourse. Studies aimed at elucidating its phenomenology reveal a picture of social reticence, the perception of an inability to maintain social conversations, an increased expectation of failure, fewer friends, minimal engagement in social activities, and selection of occupations based on expectancy of social interaction . These two subtypes differ on many aspects of psychopathology.
Aromatase, a member of the cytochrome P450  protein superfamily  is a unique gene product of the CYP19 gene. Aromatase is expressed in various organs including the brain . To date, there have been no published studies of aromatase distribution or regulation throughout the human brain, while animal studies suggest that brain aromatase activity is higher in adult males than in adult females and is modulated by changes in testosterone levels but not the phase of the female estrus cycle  .
Gastroschisis is a congenital defect of the ventral body wall, resulting in protrusion of the intestines outside the abdominal cavity. Evidence in support of this hypothesis comes from both human embryology and clinical observations. Normal re routing of the blood supply in the area of the developing abdominal wall results in an asymmetry, as the left omphalomesenteric artery undergoes apoptosis and the right side is retained .
The prognosis of acute internal carotid artery  occlusion may be difficult to predict. Patients with acute ICA occlusion may be asymptomatic or experience neurological effects ranging from transient ischaemic attack to devastating stroke. One possible explanation for such variation is that relatively good prognoses may be associated with robust collateral circulation from other arterial sources .
The ductus arteriosus is a prostaglandin sensitive fetal vascular shunt. Maintenance of ductus arteriosus patency in utero is required for adequate perfusion and oxygen delivery to fetal tissues. Patency of the fetal ductus is primarily attributed to low oxygen tension and active vasodilation by endogenous prostaglandins and nitric oxide .
Fractional flow reserve  enables physiologic assessment of coronary lesions at the time of invasive coronary angiography , and is the gold standard for identification of lesions that cause ischemia . Prior studies have demonstrated the importance of FFR, with identification of ischemia causing lesions associated with worsened survival, and with FFR guided revascularization enhancing event free survival . Use of FFR has established stenosis severity as an unreliable indicator of ischemia, with approximately half of high grade stenoses manifesting no ischemia.
Crohn's disease  is a chronic inflammatory bowel disease that often has its onset during young adulthood and is characterized by a protracted course of relapses and remission, . Advances in medical therapy over the past two decades has significantly revolutionized the management of CD and improved our ability to achieve remission, and reduce the number of surgeries and hospitalization . Yet, nearly half the patients with CD continue to require at least one surgical resection during the course of their disease.
Understanding the transcriptional and signaling programs that specify cardiomyocyte fate from uncommitted progenitors may provide important clues to impact cellular strategies for treating failing or infarcted heart tissue. However, Gata4 does function in cardiac cells. Tetraploid complementation was used to rescue the extra embryonic defects in Gata4 null embryos, in order to analyze the function of Gata4 during mouse organogenesis .
It is generally appreciated that the intrinsic mechanical properties of soft tissues provide insight into a variety of disease processes including liver fibrosis , breast lesions , myocardial infarction , hypertension , diastolic dysfunction , arterial stiffness , and muscle function . While in clinical practice the assessment of tissue stiffness using palpation has proven effective, this technique is limited due to its superficial and subjective nature. As such, there exists a continuing need for the improved noninvasive detection, assessment, and quantification of tissue mechanical properties .
Serine and glycine are nutrients that fuel metabolic pathways including one carbon metabolism and sulfur metabolism. This metabolic unit referred to as the serine, glycine and one carbon  network provides an integration point in cellular metabolism that allows for cells to achieve diverse biological functions by converting serine and glycine into several metabolic outputs. These outputs include building blocks for nucleotide, lipid, and protein synthesis.
Stress incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse are highly prevalent conditions which are often managed surgically. Since the introduction of the tension free mesh slings in the late 1990’s for incontinence and the subsequent development of vaginal mesh procedures for pelvic organ prolapse, the surgical management of both conditions has increased substantially. With these recent changes in surgical practice, an assessment of the lifetime risk of surgery for stress incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse is necessary to understand the overall public health impact and burden of pelvic floor disorders.
Differentiated epithelial and endothelial cells have strong attachment requirements, presumably to prevent cellular vagrancy and consequent tissue disorganization. During transformation, cells lose such anchorage context and not only survive but also proliferate without attachment to solid matrix. Certain pathways downstream from integrins may influence detachment signals.
Lung cancer is formerly the highest cause of mortality among tumor pathologies worldwide. There are no validated techniques for an early detection of pulmonary cancer lesions other than low dose helical CT scan. Unfortunately, this method have some downside effects .
The peroxisome proliferator activated receptors PPARα and PPARγ are nuclear receptors that, upon heterodimerization with the retinoid X receptor , function as ligand activated transcriptional regulators of genes controlling lipid and glucose metabolism . A splice variant, PPAR γ2, is primarily expressed in both white and brown adipose tissue . The metabolic syndrome is characterized by a) central obesity, b) atherogenic dyslipidemia , c) hypertension, d) insulin resistance or glucose intolerance, e) a prothrombotic state, and f) a proinflammatory state.
The vertebrate retina is an accessible, well described sensory tissue that continuously provides valuable insights into neurogenesis, nerve structure, and nervous system circuitry . In particular, major advances have been made using the retina as a model for central nervous system development. In the developing retina, neurogenesis begins in the central retina as newly differentiated neurons signal to the adjacent retinal progenitor cells  to initiate a central to peripheral wave of neurogenesis.
We aim to better characterize the staining patterns of inverted papilloma  with and without carcinoma by performing immunohistochemistry for p16, EGFR , p53, and Cyclin D1 antibodies on a large patient cohort . One hundred and sixty two IP specimens from 122 patients treated at the University of Michigan between 1996 and 2011. Twenty two specimens contained carcinoma.
HER 2/neu is a 185 kDa transmembrane protein homologous to epidermal growth factor receptor . Dimerization of this protein  results in downstream signaling events leading to proliferation, migration, adhesion and transformation of cells. It is overexpressed in several cancers of epithelial origin including breast, colorectal, ovarian and pancreatic carcinomas .
Allergic disease, including food allergy, allergic rhinitis , atopic dermatitis , and asthma, is one of the major causes of morbidity worldwide . Its prevalence has been rising in many parts of the world and the global prevalence differences are lessening . As such, the economic burden of these diseases is substantial in both developed and developing countries .
Converging evidence suggests that inbred Wistar Kyoto rats  are models of inherent anxiousness and vulnerability to stress. Fear potentiated startle is absent in this strain , suggesting reduced ability to form stimulus stimulus associations. Studying this response allows for evaluation of general reactivity to the conditional stimulus  and the unconditional stimulus  in addition to associative learning itself in the freely moving rat  .
Clinical applications of 13C MRS have been explored in a wide range of human brain diseases from the new born to advanced age . 13C enriched glucose and acetate have been used to distinguish neuronal from glial metabolism and, with low power  decoupling within the FDA limits of power deposition , previous no go frontal areas of the brain have become accessible to 13C MRS examinations . A remaining hurdle preventing wider utilization of this 13C MRS for this purpose is the long data acquisition, demanding two or more hours of MR examination time.
Unremitting bacterial infection increases nitrogen excretion resulting from an imbalance between rates of whole body protein synthesis and degradation . The mechanism by which prolonged sepsis leads to muscle atrophy involves both a decreased rate of protein synthesis and increased the rate of proteolysis . Such changes adversely affect morbidity and mortality in severely catabolic individuals , so limiting muscle loss in an attempt to preserve muscle function should improve the recovery process .
In mammals with haemachorial placentation, pregnancy represents a physiological state in which intimate contact between maternal and fetal tissues must occur. Thus, signals responsible for regulating these two molecules during pregnancy warrants further investigation . PSGs are highly glycosylated, with N linked glycosylation composing approximately 30% of their molecular mass .
It has become well accepted that osteocytes play an important role in bone maintenance and adaptation in response to mechanical stimuli . Osteocytes can detect mechanical loads by sensing fluid flow through the lacunar canalicular network , an interconnected pore system surrounding osteocytes and their processes . Transport of these osteocyte derived signaling molecules in bone is believed to occur through the lacunar canalicular system because the mineralized matrix was found to be impermeable as demonstrated using exogenously injected tracers .
Heavy alcohol consumption and illicit drug use during college are associated with significant adverse effects on the health, well being and safety of young adults . Researchers have long advocated for early identification, screening, and intervention with high risk students as part of a comprehensive approach to reducing problems related to substance use . Screening instruments that have been suggested for use, such as the CAGE , DAST , or diary methods to track consumption levels, focus on the assessment of drinking behavior per se .
One of the most effective strategies to improve BP control involves team based care that includes collaborative care or independent management by a pharmacist. We recently reported the results of a prospective, cluster randomized efficacy trial in 179 patients with previously uncontrolled BP conducted in five clinics that was included in the systematic review. BP control was achieved in 89% of patients following a 9 month physician\pharmacist collaborative intervention compared to 53% in the control group as defined by the 7th Joint National Committee on Prevention, Detection, Evaluation and Treatment of High Blood Pressure .
Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory condition in which immune and non immune mechanisms induce endothelial dysfunction, the first step in atherogenesis. Despite significant progress in the past decade, the cellular and molecular pathogenesis of atherosclerosis is still not fully understood. Enzymatic cleavage of C5 generates C5b which initiates the terminal complement cascade leading to polymerization of C9 and insertion of MAC into cell membranes, .
Prostate cancer  is the most common non skin cancer among men in developed countries and the second leading cause of cancer death . Therefore, an improved understanding of the molecular pathways leading to chemo resistance will have direct clinical implications by increasing our capability to develop new treatment options that may overcome drug resistance in advanced PCa . The neoplastic transforming activity of the mt PCPH oncoprotein is mediated by its ability to  provoke a Ras independent, sustained activation of ERK , and/or  render cancer cells resistant to a variety of apoptosis inducing stimuli , including serum deprivation, hyperthermia, ionizing radiation, and chemotherapeutic drugs.
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration  comprises a clinically heterogeneous group of disorders that primarily affect either personality or language. Together, these conditions account for a large proportion of early onset dementia. SD is characterized by loss of semantic knowledge and a progressive fluent aphasia whereas PNFA presents with difficulties in speech production.
The cellular mechanisms underlying nigral dopaminergic degeneration associated with various pathological conditions such as Parkinson’s disease  and methamphetamine abuse are yet to be clarified. Oxidative damage triggered by reactive oxygen species  such as hydrogen peroxide  can activate a series of signaling events ultimately leading to programmed cell death, or apoptosis. In fact, caspase 3 activity is significantly increased in the brains of PD patients.
Sickle cell disease  is a chronic disease associated with a diversity of serious pathophysiologic complications including, but not limited to, chronic hemolytic anemia, stroke, acute chest syndrome, pulmonary embolus, pulmonary hypertension, cholecystitis, hepatic and splenic sequestration, retinal detachment and hemorrhage, aseptic necrosis of the joints, priapism, iron overload, and chronic leg ulcers. Patients describe this pain as severe, and often of sudden onset. It is common for both SCD patients and providers to be frustrated by ED care.
Cancer is the leading cause of death in U.S. and many developed countries. According to the World Health Organization Fact Sheet 2005, 7.6 million people died of cancer worldwide, and more than 70% of those deaths were reported in low and middle income countries. The number of global cancer deaths is projected to increase 45% from 2007 to 2030 .
There is increasing evidence to suggest that size at birth and childhood growth are important determinants of body composition and chronic disease in later life . Although maternal birth weight, smoking, exercise levels and adiposity in pregnancy have all been shown to influence bone mass at birth , less is known about the prenatal determinants of other aspects of neonatal body composition such as fat and lean mass, and the extent to which these effects are modified by the early postnatal environment. Many epidemiologic studies of obesity have used BMI as the main outcome measure but interpretation of BMI is difficult because it reflects both fat and muscle mass.
The synapse between the motor nerve and skeletal muscle, commonly referred to as the neuromuscular junction , is cholinergic in vertebrates and is a model system for the investigation of synapses . On the postsynaptic face of the NMJ, the AChRs span the membrane, with each AChR forming a pentameric structure. γ and ε are developmentally regulated and can substitute for each other.
Oxidative stress, defined as an imbalance between the production of reactive oxygen species  and the antioxidant defence system, plays an important role in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus  . Attention has therefore been focused on the potential protective role of dietary antioxidants in the aetiology of impaired glucose tolerance and T2DM . A meta analysis of observational data from cohort studies showed protective effects of greater intakes of dietary antioxidants on risk of T2DM .
The presence of epileptiform abnormalities on electroencephalogram  augments clinical information about seizures and helps with both diagnosis and classification. Since the first EEG does not always show an epileptiform abnormality and serial EEGs may all be normal , multiple EEGs are often recorded in an effort to find an epileptiform abnormality that may guide treatment, particularly if patients continue to experience seizures . The reported yield of an epileptiform abnormality on the first EEG in new onset unprovoked seizure or incident epilepsy ranges from 32% to 59% in children  and from 12% to 44% in adults ; .
Motor redundancy or, when considered more positively, motor abundance  makes it possible for multiple variations of joint and muscle coordination to be used to achieve a given task performance. That motor abundance is actually used by the central nervous system  when coordinating the motor elements  has been established in numerous studies of a variety of functional tasks . One exception was a recent study of finger force production .
Gray ProRoot mineral trioxide aggregate   was patented in 1995 as a root end filling material . White ProRoot mineral trioxide aggregate  from the same vendor was later introduced , with iron compounds extracted and lower aluminoferrite concentration, to decrease anterior tooth discoloration . Mineral trioxide aggregate  has two phases, calcium oxide and calcium phosphate; the calcium oxide reacts with tissue fluid to form calcium hydroxide  .
Cognitive models of social anxiety posit that the interpretation of ambiguous information as threatening maintains anxiety . However, presenting threat  and benign  primes before the ambiguous stimuli may better imitate the priming effects of pre existing beliefs on interpretative processes . modified  homograph paradigm to examine learning on multiple encounters with social ambiguity.
In 1932 Joannes Cassianus Pompe described the clinical and pathological findings in a 7 month old girl who died with an unusual disease  that has come to bear his name . In an insightful study almost a decade later , Hers inferred that it was a lysosomal storage disease, the first in what has become an extensive list of 40 to 50 lysosomal storage diseases  . Pompe disease was recognized in the early 1990s to be due to a defect in the acid α glucosidase gene  .
Poly  based hydrogels are currently being investigated for a myriad of biomedical applications, including drug delivery, surface modifications, diagnostic devices, and tissue engineering due to their appeal as a hydrophilic and cytocompatible biomaterial as well as the range of physicochemical properties that can be achieved to meet the needs of the application . By varying parameters such as network morphology, crosslinking density, and polymer composition, PEG based hydrogels can be easily tailored to meet the requirements for regeneration of a multitude of tissue types  . Many tissue engineering strategies involving hydrogel scaffolds have taken advantage of their high water content to deliver a variety of bioactive molecules and encapsulated cells to promote tissue regeneration ,.
The ability to track drug delivery and disposition is critical to the development and assessment of new therapeutic agents. Detailed analysis of absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion  is required by regulatory agencies that govern the approval process. Traditional pharmacokinetic studies for pharmaceutical agents involve blood and tissue sampling to determine concentrations, which serve as inputs to compartmental or mechanism based models for calculation of dose/effect relationships .
The ability to rapidly change the velocity and direction of whole body center of mass is a fundamental locomotor skill in most sports. It is not surprising therefore that this ability, typically referred to as agility, has been shown to discriminate among skill levels in soccer , American football, and rugby . Currently, little is known regarding definitive factors that influence agility.
In endochondral bone development mesenchymal condensates differentiate into chondrocytes that proliferate to form and enlarge the bone structure . In long bones of the limbs, growth plates are detectable around embryonic day 14.5 in mice and around Hamburger Hamilton  stage 36  in chickens. The chondrocytes undergo cycles of proliferation, flatten and form orderly columns, become hypertrophic and eventually die, to be replaced by osteoblasts adjacent to the growth plate in the marrow space and the bone collar.
BCL 2 family proteins are important regulators of the mitochondrial outermembrane potential  and thereby the induction of apoptosis . The proapoptotic BCL 2 family members BAX and BAK containmultiple BH domains and control the MOMP. Nur77 is an orphan nuclear receptorthat interacts with the BCL 2 N terminal loop region and induces a BCL 2conformational change .
To fully understand the biological relevance, regulation and function of DNA in processes ranging from replication to transcription and repair, it is important to gain atomic level insight into the sequence specific structure, deformability and dynamics of DNA . These approaches range from varied NMR experiments  and Fourier transform IR difference spectroscopy  to triplet anisotropy decay , electron paramagnetic resonance, and pulsed electron electron double resonance to active nitroxide or other spin labels . Compared to Watson Crick DNA helices that do not show exchange processes or internal dynamics on this timescale, the NMR results of the mismatch clearly resolve exchange processes on the 26 ± 8 μs timescale, which is consistent with the higher expected opening rates.
Optimal recovery of cerebral blood flow  has been implicated as a critical factor in determining neuronal survival after asphyxial cardiac arrest  in infants and children. CBF after CA is well described in adult animal models; however there are limited data on CBF after pediatric asphyxial CA. In adult CA models CBF after CA is phasic in nature, with global hyperemia present for 15 30 min after return of spontaneous circulation  characterized by CBF 2 3 times higher than baseline, followed by delayed hypoperfusion that occurs after 15 30 min and continues for several hours after ROSC  .
Social networks are imperative for human survival and reproduction: they allow the sharing of information, knowledge and resources, as well as aiding cooperation, for example in hunting and for collective childcare . However, rather than being aggregated in a single location, the members of a hunter gatherer’s social network are distributed between a number of different residential groups, which disperse and re aggregate over time across an ecologically determined home range area . Sustaining social bonds beyond the residential band is a challenge that hunter gatherers need to solve in order to survive.
The stem cell niche is essential in the maintenance and differentiation of stem and progenitor cells in vivo . Organ specific stem cells including intestinal stem cells and hematopoietic stem cells have been found to reside within such specific locations as the base of intestinal crypts and in the osteoblastic and perivascular niches, respectively . In addition to growth factors, most culture systems also include feeder layers.
Tobacco smoke exposure during pregnancy results in a number of deleterious health effects for both mother and offspring . Nicotine exposure also continues postnatally via maternal milk consumption by the pups . Administration through the drinking water minimizes nicotine induced hypoxia, maternal stress and injury risk and is suggested to be a good model for human exposure patterns as mice consume water, and therefore nicotine, primarily during their active phase .
Taxol  is one of the most effective microtubule targeting drugs for breast cancer treatment and it accounts for significant improvements in breast cancer patient’s survival in the last two decades. However, despite a remarkable response of initial treatment with Taxol, progressive diseases eventually develop in most patients. Taxol resistance is a major obstacle that severely limited the improvement of response and survival in Taxol treated cancer patients .
Trichomonas vaginalis is a sexually transmitted protozoan that causes vaginitis in approximately 2050% of infected women, and non gonococcal urethritis in a small percentage of infected men. We previously hypothesized that this lack of specific symptoms might facilitate persistent and undetected trichomonosis  in men, thereby providing T. vaginalis with greater opportunity to ascend to the prostate than other more symptomatic sexually transmitted agents. Indeed, early trichomonosis researchers believed the prostate to be the reservoir for T. vaginalis based on its frequent detection in prostate fluid from male partners of women with trichomonal vaginitis.
In recent years, the WHO has estimated that suicide rates have shown a 60 % rise worldwide with nearly one million deaths from suicides each year. Strikingly, low and middle income developing countries have accounted for 84 % of suicides . Experts emphasize the importance of a diathesis stress explanation in theoretical formulations of suicide across the lifespan with predisposing biological factors , pre morbid personality , cognitive vulnerability , and exposure to negative life events , and co occurring psychiatric and physical disorders  .
Noncovalent interactions, such as hydrogen bonding, hydrophobic packing, and aromatic interactions, are important forces in biomolecules because these collective interactions contribute to the overall stability of nucleic acids, proteins, and peptides. The majority of efforts have been devoted to cation π interactions in model systems. This interaction is electrostatic in nature and plays a critical role in biomolecular stability.
Post operative wound infections in pediatric patients undergoing cardiothoracic surgery occurs in 2.38% of patients . This complication results in increased morbidity, longer hospitalizations, and increased cost—with over $1.6 billion annually in extra hospital charges reported . The CPB machine requires priming with a certain volume that is determined by the length and diameter of tubing, size of reservoir, and specific oxygenator.
Manipulating gene expression in skeletal muscle is of interest for a wide array of fundamental and applied research questions relating to gene function in neuromuscular development, health and disease. Embryonic or perinatal lethality resulting from manipulating gene expression can prove to be a significant hurdle to research. Notably, the Cre/loxP system is used in mice to allow for conditional activation or inactivation of mutations.
Neuromyotonia is defined as persistent muscle contraction following voluntary movement, resulting from hyperexcitability of the peripheral nerve and not the muscle itself. In total, 8 mutations were identified in 33 families, often in a compound heterozygous state although the R37P allele was prevalent and did appear as a homozygous variant. A subset of HINT1 patients has undergone extensive electrophysiological characterization .
Voltage gated ion channels are multi functional . In addition to regulating electrical excitability through ion conduction, some voltage gated ion channels contribute to processes as diverse as intracellular signaling, transcriptional regulation, scaffolding, and cell adhesion without requiring changes in ion flux . VGSCs isolated from mammalian neurons are heterotrimers, composed of a single α subunit, one non covalently linked β subunit , and one disulfide linked β subunit  .
Stroke is the leading cause of neurological disability among adults , with associated behavioral sequelae ranging from the functional  to the clinical  . Although 70% of incident stroke patients experience some degree of post stroke cognitive impairment , the extent and determinants of post stroke cognitive decline are associated with multiple factors, including severity and location of the lesion and assorted demographic factors such as age and education. Aging is a major risk factor for stroke .
Neurons of the major pelvic ganglia  innervate urogenital organs and components of the lower bowel. Classically the ganglia have been perceived as relay stations for the central neurochemical drive to the peripheral organs. However, the presence of a diversity of neurotransmitter and neuromodulator substances indicates neurotransmission through the ganglion might be more complex than originally perceived .
It is well recognized in economic theory, as well as in everyday life, that purchasing decisions are influenced by price and disposable income. This principle applies to the sale of cigarettes as it does other consumer goods. The affordability of cigarettes can influence smoking behavior by encouraging smoking cessation and reducing the amount smoked per day.
Calpain is a cytosolic cystein protease that translocates to membrane upon activation. Active calpain not only cleaves its substrates but also disrupts protein interactions. Specifically in endothelial cells however, limited knowledge exists regarding how calpain signals to modulate cell functions.
The two emerging techniques for the study of fetal brain function in utero are functional magnetic resonance imaging  and fetal magnetoencephalography . Fetal MEG is a completely passive and non invasive methodology with superior temporal resolution developed for the recording of magnetic signals from the fetal brain. This technique has the potential to provide physicians with a non invasive instrument capable of direct neurological assessment of the fetus during pregnancy.
Diabetes mellitus is a chronic metabolic disease with serious oral health implications. For people with poorly controlled or uncontrolled diabetes, periodontal disease progresses more rapidly and more severely than in their controlled or non diabetic counterparts . Studies  also suggest a bidirectional relationship between periodontal disease and diabetes, with periodontal disease worsening glycemic control, and poorly controlled or uncontrolled diabetes increasing the likelihood of destructive periodontitis .
Peripartum hysterectomy, a surgical procedure performed at the time of delivery or in the immediate postpartum period, although a rare event, is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Moreover, it is considered one of the most devastating complications in obstetrics resulting in high costs to the health care system, and adverse outcomes for women desiring to maintain their fertility. Many studies have estimated an incidence rate in the US between 0.8 and 1.5 per 1,000 deliveries,, although, the incidence has been reported to be as high as 2.28 per 1,000 deliveries.
Minority families often reside in neighborhoods with few supermarkets or alternative healthy food options , making fresh produce difficult to obtain. This qualitative study identified factors influencing fruit and vegetable shopping and use of alternative healthy food options . Forty eight minority women with children completed interviews regarding food shopping habits and use of and attitudes toward alternative healthy food options.
Glioma is one of the most fatal tumors and its etiology is largely unknown . The biological mechanism behind this association is thought to be elimination of pro cancerous cells by increased immuno surveillance due to the hyperactive immune state seen in atopy. Currently, the number of studies that have evaluated the association between glioma and atopy history is less than a dozen .
While tuberculosis  control programs have made major strides in reducing TB incidence in adults in many high burden countries, assessing program impact on pediatric TB remains difficult because of the lack of a dependable “gold standard test”. Technical and economic factors compound these diagnostic problems. The best available diagnostic tests are costly, while traditional methods are slow and insensitive.
Despite declines over the last 25 years, more than a fifth of the US population continues to smoke, and an increasing number of tobacco users are intermittent smokers in social settings . It is likely that environmental cues contribute to social and habitual tobacco use. In addicted individuals, the rewarding properties of cues associated with a primary reinforcer such as nicotine are thought to play a more predominant role than primary reinforcement in compulsive drug use .
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease , a hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome, and NASH, a progressive form of NAFLD, are two of the most common chronic liver diseases in the United States and worldwide. These two pathological states have been shown to progress to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. The successful prevention and treatment of NASH relies on the ability to identify vulnerable subpopulations and detect the disease early and greatly depends on a better understanding of the underlying molecular mechanisms involved in NASH pathogenesis.
Carcinomas are epithelial cancers that constitute 90% of human malignancies and are fatal due to their metastases. Non small cell lung cancer  is the leading cause of cancer related deaths in Western countries. Genes that disrupt cell polarity and epithelial architecture contribute to invasive and metastatic phenotypes.
One type of RNA editing involves the conversion of adenosine residues into inosine  in double stranded RNA  through the action of ADAR  . Since the translation machinery reads inosines as if they were guanosines, when it occurs within the coding sequence, RNA editing could result in the synthesis of proteins not directly encoded by the genome. A→I RNA editing is involved in alterations of neurotransmitter receptor and channel functions  as well as modulation of microRNA expression levels and target selection  .
Activated protein C  is an endogenous serine protease with anticoagulant, anti inflammatory and cytoprotective activities . Its anticoagulant activity is mediated by irreversible inactivation of the coagulation cofactors, factor Va and FVIIIa . Independent of its anticoagulant activity, APC exerts direct cytoprotective effects, including anti apoptotic and anti inflammatory alterations in gene expression profiles which require APC mediated activation of protease activated receptor 1   .
Interest in the substance abuse treatment workforce is increasing while service providers and researchers are attempting to understand the intricate social factors that facilitate or impede service delivery and adoption of new technologies. Not only can turnover disrupt delivery of client services, but in instances where new clinical initiatives are being put into practice, it can also threaten the implementation and sustainability of newly embraced initiatives. The importance of managerial/supervisory support has been recognized, and turnover among these key personnel will likely impede efforts to alter practice.
Plasma and red blood cell  fatty acid  composition have both been proposed as biomarkers for cardiovascular disease  risk . Not only individual FAs but also composite indices  may predict CVD events and could therefore theoretically serve as risk markers. One approach to risk marker validation is to conduct a case control study in which the FA composition of samples taken from patients with disease is compared to that of individuals free of the disease.
Breast cancer  survivors face unique health challenges, such as lymphedema, which may impact their health related quality of life . The prevalence of lymphedema varies from 056%; up to 50% of survivors report symptoms consistent with lymphedema, with or without a clinical diagnosis. Lymphedema may develop at any time from initial treatment to twenty years later.
Homeodomain containing transcription factors  were discovered on the basis of their remarkable role in specifying positional information along the body axis, a function widely conserved among metazoans . Hox proteins of the Abdominal B  family control varied aspects of sexual development. These include formation of male specific sensory organs, sex muscle differentiation, and gonadal development  .
Binge eating  and night eating  are behaviors associated with dysregulated eating. Each represents a core behavioral feature in a proposed DSM eating disorder category . The lifetime prevalence of the behavior of BE is estimated to be 4.5% for adults in the United States with slightly higher prevalence among women .
Wound classification  has an interesting background. On September 19, 1958, the National Academy of Sciences National Research Council met to design a multi institutional study that evaluated the effect of ultraviolet irradiation in preventing operative infections. The study results were first published in the Annals of Surgery in 1964 with a further report in 1968., The reported infection rates were much higher than current day experience, with 5.1% of clean, 10.8% of clean contaminated, 16.3% of contaminated, and 28.6% of dirty wound class cases developing infections.
In amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , unlike other motor neuron diseases, both the cortical and spinal components of motor neuron circuitry progressively degenerate . Therefore, bringing effective treatments to ALS requires targeting both the spinal motor neurons  in the spinal cord and the corticospinal motor neurons  in the motor cortex. Therefore, due to the central involvement of CSMN in motor neuron circuitry and their selective vulnerability and degeneration in various diseases, it is imperative to understand cellular mechanisms for CSMN vulnerability and to develop CSMN directed gene delivery approaches in the cerebral cortex .
Antibiotics are the most commonly prescribed medications to children across all age groups. Outpatient antibiotic overuse has been correlated with higher rates of antibiotic resistant pathogens  . In an effort to combat the emergence of drug resistance, the Infectious Diseases Society of America  published guidelines for developing antimicrobial stewardship programs .
Niemann Pick C disease  is a lethal, neuronopathic autosomal recessive neurodegenerative disorder of childhood caused by mutations in the NPC1 or NPC2 proteins, leading to an accumulation of unesterified cholesterol and glycosphingolipids  in lysosomes . Clinically, NPC is characterized by progressive neurological deterioration and hepato splenomegaly, with varying age at onset and ensuing course . Two disease causing genes, NPC1  and NPC2  have been identified .
Chronic kidney disease  is a serious public health problem. According to the National Kidney Foundation, 26 million people in America  have CKD and millions more are at an increased risk. CKD progresses through 5 stages; Stage 5 CKD requires renal replacement therapy .
Each year influenza viruses cause significant morbidity and mortality . Of the influenza positive specimens, 79% were influenza A viruses and 62% of these were of the H1 subtype . Interestingly, the highest incidence of illness occurs in pre school and school age children with 20 to 30% of children in this age group being diagnosed with influenza infections each year .
Pain interference  refers to the degree to which pain limits or interferes with individuals' physical, mental and social activities. A number of measures of pain interference have been developed including a 9 item scale from the West Haven Yale Multidimensional Pain Inventory  , a 7 item scale from the Brief Pain Inventory , a 6 item Pain Impact Questionnaire  , a 3 item scale from the Chronic Pain Grade , and the 7 item Pain Disability Index . One weakness of existing instruments is that they are static measures; they require respondents to complete all items, even items that provide no additional information about a person's level of pain interference.
In musculoskeletal medicine an increasing clinical need exists for bone regeneration and grafting strategies to treat bony voids after spinal fusion, maxillofacial surgery, implant fixation, resection of primary tumors and metastases, or trauma. Autologous bone is commonly used for grafting as it contains many crucial features such as mesenchymal progenitor cells, osteoinductive factors, and an osteoconductive matrix that together support skeletal healing. A critical component for the successful repair of osseous defects are bone marrow stromal cells .
The morphogenetic events of early embryonic development are comprised of a series of complex cell and tissue movements. Xenopus mesendoderm provides a striking example of cells migrating cooperatively as a cohesive unit. Cohesion of the mesendoderm tissue is maintained by cadherin based cell cell contacts across which tensile forces are distributed .
Great strides have been made in reducing incidence and mortality from colorectal cancer  in the United States over the last decade. CRC rates decreased from 52.3 per 100,000 in 2003 to 45.5 per 100,000 in 2007. In addition, mortality rates decreased from 19.0 cases per 100,000 in 2003, to 16.7 per 100,000 cases in 2007.
Protein design was cast in 1983 as an “inverted” folding problem by Pabo, who discussed how finding sequences compatible with a given structure might be easier than predicting how a sequence folds. In the 1990s this approach to protein design was rendered practical for real problems by the advent of powerful algorithms and fast computers . Since that time, many experimentally validated examples have shown that not only folds, but also functions, can be encoded in protein sequences rationally using such procedures  .
Traditionally comprising three major families: the Conidae , the Terebridae , and the Turridae s.l. , the superfamily Conoidea is an extremely biodiverse group of venomous marine snails. The extant species traditionally assigned to Turridae encompass a huge morphological diversity.
Adenovirus vectors have garnered significant attention as candidate vaccine platforms due to their large transgene coding capacity and potent immunogenicity. Ad vector based vaccines are being pursued for a number of viral infections, including Ebola , influenza , hepatitis C , rabies  and HIV 1 . Recently we have evaluated an Ad26 vector based vaccine for HIV 1 in clinical trials , and preclinical studies with Ad26 based vaccine regimens in non human primates resulted in partial protection against acquisition of infection as well as virologic control following SIVmac251 challenges .
Mechanical circulatory assist  devices such as ventricular assist devices  are often employed to augment the function of failing ventricles in patients with advanced heart failure. While VADs are effectively utilized to provide a bridge to transplant or as destination therapy, they unfortunately still have limitations such as mechanical failure, infection, bleeding, and thrombosis . These conditions make platelets more susceptible to shear induced activation, resulting in enhanced coagulation and formation of thromboemboli .
The increase in resistance of bacterial strains to existing antibiotics is a major public health concern  World Health Statistics 2008. World Health Organization Press), and has spurred intensive efforts to develop new classes of antibiotics that are effective against antibiotic resistant strains, with limited success . These are characterized by being short , having an overall positive charge of +2 to +9, and sufficient hydrophobicity to allow for interaction with or traversing of membranes of target cells   .
Onset of bipolar disorder  during childhood significantly affects an individual’s psychosocial development. Moreover, youth with BP are at high risk for suicidal behaviors and completed suicide, substance abuse, and legal problems, and have particularly high rates of health services utilization . Since anxiety disorders are also accompanied by significant impairment in the psychosocial functioning of the child , it is important to evaluate the prevalence and clinical correlates of the association between BP and anxiety in youth.
Over 28,000 solid organ transplants are performed annually in the United States . Improved survival of transplant recipients in recent decades is due in large part to the effectiveness of current immunosuppressive therapies in preventing organ rejection, but the acute and long term immunosuppression also increases recipients’ risk of a number of malignancies . In particular, post transplant lymphoproliferative disorder  is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in transplant recipients .
In the United States, approximately 39,000 women will be diagnosed with endometrial cancer and over 7,400 deaths will be attributable to this disease . Although the incidence of endometrial cancer is 30% lower among Black women compared to White women, mortality among Blacks with endometrial cancer is 60% higher . The underlying cause of this racial disparity in endometrial cancer outcome among Black patients with endometrial cancer is felt to be multifactorial  .
The molecular chaperone heat shock protein 90  is currently of major interest as an anticancer drug target. However, there are few reports in the literature on acquired resistance to HSP90 inhibitors . However, the mechanisms of resistance were not identified .
The human organic cation transporter  type 1 was first isolated from the cultured human glioma cell line SK MG 1 . As was previously shown that 4  styryl) N methylpyridinium iodide , MPP and polyamines are substrates for polyspecific OCT transporters of SLC22A family . ASP+ is a fluorescent marker of glioma cell cytoplasm in vivo in tumors during early developmental stages .
Macrophages are permissive to CCR5 tropic HIV 1 and in most models can host active viral replication without significant cytopathic effect,. This interaction may contribute to HIV related disease during HIV 1 transmission when R5 tropic virus predominates, by transfer of virus to T cells, as a long lived viral reservoir and by provoking bystander cell apoptosis that may be involved in T cell or neuronal death,. HIV 1 mediated inhibition of complement and Fc receptor phagocytosis, and attenuated intracellular killing of Leishmania​ suggest that the role of macrophages as host defence effector cells may be compromised.
Thermal ablation with radiofrequency  and microwave energies is becoming an increasingly important treatment for unresectable tumors of the liver, kidney, lung, and bone . Prior to use in patients, ablation device performance is typically predicted by computer modeling, or characterized with experiments in ex vivo and in vivo models . The expected size and shape of an ablation zone created by a given device is often based upon these experimental results and utilized to predict clinical performance during human application.
The level and localization of p53, often referred to as “the guardian of the genome”, is tightly regulated . It is not surprising that the localization of p53 is tightly controlled and greatly complex . Normally, p53 shuttles between the cytoplasm and the nucleus.
Epidemiologic studies have established that depression and anxiety disorders are predictive of numerous health outcomes in later life, including risk of cardiovascular disease,  type 2 diabetes,  osteoporosis,  cognitive decline,  and mortality, particularly among those with established cardiovascular and metabolic disease. , The mechanisms underlying these associations remain largely unspecified. Constructs such as allostatic load aim to capture this multi system impact, and thus are thought to provide a more holistic approach to understanding the biological impact of depression and anxiety.
Haloferax volcanii is a halophilic archaeon  commonly isolated from hypersaline environments such as the Dead Sea. volcanii maintains homeostasis by accumulating high concentrations of intracellular cations or counterions . As a result, most haloarchaeal proteins require salt for activity and possess a highly acidic surface that serves as a hydration shell, enabling catalysis to occur under high salt conditions and preventing protein aggregation.
Recognition memory is supported by the medial temporal lobe , as damage to this brain region across species impairs performance on recognition memory tasks . Studies have consistently demonstrated a role for the perirhinal cortex in this type of memory ; however the role of the hippocampus has been subject to much debate. Numerous studies have reported impairments in recognition memory with hippocampal lesions , yet others have reported no impairments  or even enhancements with reversible lesions  .
Effective fat suppression or separation is critical for diagnostic quality in body MRI and is commonly used to eliminate undesired adipose tissue signals or prevent chemical shift artifacts. Protons in these semisolids have a very broad spectrum and can be selectively saturated by off resonance RF pulses. Using this tissue dependent feature, MT contrast  sequences can produce MTC images with useful diagnostic information.
Angiogenesis, the formation of new capillaries from the existing vasculature, is a process subject to exquisite regulation. Neovascularization within the eye is often the result of ischemia, which induces tissue hypoxia . Of the growth factors involved in retinal angiogenesis, vascular endothelial cell growth factor  is thought to be a principal mediator .
Geographical, epidemiological and in vitro evidence support the hypothesis that Glucose 6 phosphate dehydrogenase  deficiency confers protection from disease caused by the Plasmodium falciparum parasite . This process releases toxic by products, inducing oxidative stress on the cell. G6PD is encoded by a 16.2kb gene found on the X chromosome.
Mechanical stimuli have long been recognized as an important factor in determining the structure and function of living cells and tissues. , For decades, physicians have been applying mechanical loads to living tissue in order to achieve beneficial therapeutic effects. Distraction osteogenesis is an example wherein gradual lengthening of long bones is realized by the sequential application of axial forces.
Left ventricular noncompaction  is associated with heart failure and arrhythmias such as atrio ventricular  block and intraventricular conduction disturbance . Both patients showed sporadic heterozygote mutation. One of the patients had a family history of sudden cardiac death .
Over the past two decades, the question of what factors govern agreement behavior has been a major focus of language production research. Since these studies, there has been intensive investigation of a wide range of such factors. This effect has turned out to be quite reliable in English , and to be relatively reliable across languages , though there does appear to be some cross linguistic variability .
Most patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma  present with locally advanced disease, and treatment for these patients involves palliative chemotherapy. However, the scarcity of data regarding the efficacy of further treatment leaves oncologists unsure how to proceed . Many choose to treat their patients with either vinorelbine or gemcitabine based on subgroup analyses from first line studies, small phase II trials, or retrospective analyses.
Recent studies demonstrate a mechanistic link between reduced proximal neuromuscular control and increased risk for knee and anterior cruciate ligament  injuries in the women athletic population. In addition to the weak hip abductor status, a cross sectional laboratory controlled study found that individuals with PFPS exhibit increased hip adduction angles toward the end of prolonged treadmill running compared with anthro pometrically matched control individuals . Significant evidence supports rehabilitative and prophylactic benefits of performing hip strengthening exercises on knee joint and related pathologies .
Autism is a behavioral syndrome defined by the presence of social deficits, abnormalities in communication, the presence of stereotyped, repetitive behaviors, and a characteristic course . Cognitive abilities may range from severe mental retardation to above average intelligence . Clinical heterogeneity is thought to be due to underlying etiologic heterogeneity.
Most of the molecules found in living systems are naturally prepared via the iterative assembly of a limited number of bifunctional building blocks . For example, proteins are usually derived from just 20 amino acids, and DNA and RNA are each made from only 4 nucleotides. Capitalizing on this inherent modularity, generalized building block based strategies have been developed for efficient, flexible, and fully automated access to these molecules in the laboratory,  and the resulting impacts on science, medicine, and technology have been transformational.
The Geant4 Application for Emission Tomography   is a suite of programs for generating and processing Monte Carlo simulations of PET and single photon imaging systems. Radiation transport is modeled using, as the name suggests, the well validated Geant4 engine. Data may be output in several formats including some that are compatible with existing or historically available commercial scanners .
Human immunodeficiency virus  infection severely impacts the immune system causing phenotypic changes in peripheral cells altering both innate and adaptive immune responses. Within weeks of infection, during the acute phase, HIV 1 attacks and kills CCR5 expressing CD4+ T lymphocytes in the gastrointestinal tract, which impairs the mucosal layer and integrity of the barrier function . The innate immune system responds immediately following HIV 1 infection producing cytokines designed to limit viral infection and replication.
Astrocyte cultures derived from neonatal rodent or human fetal brains are readily available systems that have aided our understanding of astrocyte responses to various insults. Treatment of cultures with toll like receptor  ligands or cytokines has become a popular approach to investigate astrocyte neuroinflammatory responses and to simulate the neural environment in various CNS disorders. One of the highly debated issues in glial biology is the context in which astrocytes participate in the innate immune responses.
Nature relies on chemistry to maintain liquid water for life at subfreezing temperatures. Microbial communities have been discovered in ice, snow, permafrost, and at the polar ice caps. Gram negative Cryseobacterium and Gram positive Enterococci were found to have a symbiotic interaction.
Chronic and excessive alcohol intake is associated with increased oxidative stress , a decrease in antioxidant enzymes , and induction of the cytochrome P4502E1  enzyme . The absence of antioxidants has been shown to further promote alcohol induced oxidative stress, which could lead to an inflammatory state . Chronic alcohol intake also induces bacterial endotoxin , which is associated with activation of the nuclear factor κB inflammatory pathway, leading to the activation of several proinflammatory cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor α , and increased hepatic infiltration by inflammatory cells.
Topical microbicides are agents applied within the vagina or rectum to prevent the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases including Human Immunodeficiency Virus  infections. Tenofovir , a Food and Drug Administration  approved microbicide , has been proven to prevent HIV transmission through the vagina. TFV belongs to the class of anti retroviral drugs under the sub category of nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitors .
When transcribing through homopolymeric tracts, RNA polymerases  may perform pseudo templated transcription that results in the synthesis of RNAs whose sequences do not correspond to the encoding template. The mechanism of this phenomenon is unclear and has been attributed to “transcript slippage” . Aside from its significance with regard to the fidelity of gene expression, transcript slippage has also been implicated in termination of transcription at certain signals, as well as other regulatory roles, .
Severe tissue burns are the source of great distress for the subjects affected. On the one hand there is psychological downside of irreparable cosmetic problems due to the disruption of skin. Studies of skin burns in animal models showed how axons innervating the tissue could be severely affected either in the short term period directly by the burns , or by the scar tissue, that can heavily affect axons growth in the long term .
a novel method for Magnetic Resonance Angiography  was presented based on the off resonance properties of blood after the administration of gadolinium . Because of the contrast agent, a local magnetic susceptibility change is induced in the blood. This results in an off resonance signal behavior: the Larmor frequency shifts, resulting in changes of the sensitivity to frequency selective radiofrequency pulses, which is exploited to generate the angiographic contrast .
Apoptosis  of neutrophils is an important control point in the physiological resolution of innate immune responses. Neutrophils are typically short lived cells that can engage a constitutive programme of apoptosis , leading to down regulation of neutrophil pro inflammatory functions and clearance by phagocytes . The potential for extracellular nucleotides, particularly adenosine 5′ triphosphate , to modulate neutrophil survival has not been investigated .
Type I collagen is the most abundant protein in human body and is highly expressed in skin, bone and tendon ; . Fibroproliferative disorders are characterized by excessive and persistent production of type I collagen in parenchimal organs and 45% of all deaths in the USA are attributable to fibroproliferative disorders . The regulation is complex, because type I collagen is a heterotrimeric protein requiring synthesis, modifications and folding of two α1 chains and one α2 chain .
Alcohol use disorders have been demonstrated to have a substantial genetic component , with a positive family history having significant predictive value. Recognizing a genetically predisposed state has significant clinical importance; however, the ultimate health concern is whether these individuals, if they choose to consume alcohol, escalate their consumption to dangerous levels . As it is difficult to account for environmental variables and the subjects’ alcohol use history in human studies, animal models offer a powerful approach for addressing this issue .
Stroke incidence and mortality rates are lower in premenopausal women relative to men of the same age, but the incidence of cerebrovascular events rapidly increases in women after menopause, and because women live longer, more women are affected by stroke than men . Changes in stroke risk and sensitivity in women after menopause have been linked to estrogen. Estrogen promotes vasodilation and exhibits vasoprotective properties .
Heart failure afflicts more than 5 million Americans, approximately half of whom have concomitant chronic kidney disease . Both of these diseases are increasing in prevalence,  and both elevate the risk of all cause death., The implantable cardioverter defibrillator  has a survival benefit in individuals with left ventricular dysfunction at risk for arrhythmic death;,  however, CKD is associated with an increased risk of non arrhythmic death. Further, patients with advanced CKD were underrepresented in the clinical trials establishing the efficacy and cost effectiveness of the ICD., , An association between CKD and death has been observed in the general population,  as well as among primary prevention ICD recipients., However, this relationship has been incompletely characterized in recipients of primary prevention ICDs.
As in other regions of the CNS, neuronal diversity in the retina originates from a common pseudostratified layer of mitotically active neuroepithelium. Invariably, the first cell type to appear in all vertebrates is the ganglion cell, followed by partial overlap with the appearance of cone photoreceptors, amacrine and horizontal cells, while the bipolar interneurons and Müller glia cells appear last. Based on pivotal cell lineage studies, RPCs were concluded to be inherently multipotent .
Perinatal hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy  continues to be an important cause of cerebral palsy and neurodevelopmental delay and pediatric neurologists may be called upon to prognosticate in this clinical setting . Therapeutic hypothermia is now widely used in term neonates with moderate to severe [HIE as several large trials have shown that cooling within 6 hours lowers mortality and lessens major neurodevelopmental disability at 1824 months of age with a relative risk reduction of 0.76  . As in non cooled infants, perinatal MRI is widely used as a short term surrogate outcome measure, and as a biomarker of the treatment efficacy of cooling .
Sudden death in children is a relatively uncommon but devastating problem. There are few prospective population based studies and the annual incidence is poorly defined. Existing retrospective death certificate based studies suggest that the annual incidence of sudden death in US children ranges between 0.8  6.2 per 100,000 population .
Biological tissues rely on complex interactions between different cell types to function. Still, many cellular interactions have been studied with various cell types cultured together in numerous experimental systems. This has allowed the creation of stripes, islands, and other patterns of tissue for the investigation of cellcell interactions or geometrical dependencies.
Bacterial infections of the urinary tract, caused predominantly by type 1 fimbriated uropathogenic E. coli , are the second most common human bacterial infection. Initial binding of UPEC to the urothelium is mediated by the FimH adhesin, a lectin that caps the tip of the fimbria and binds with high affinity to mannose glycans exposed on the apical surface of the bladder. Over 90% of the luminal surface of the superficial umbrella cell layer of the bladder urothelium is covered by rigid looking plaques , which are 0.3 1 μm in diameter and consist of two dimensional crystals of hexagonally packed 16 nm particles  composed of four integral membrane proteins, the uroplakins .
Osteocytes, the most abundant cells in bone, are believed to serve as mechanical sensors and as modulators of other bone cells during bone adaptation and remodeling . Recent evidence suggests that osteocytes play more active roles in bone physiology through matrix maintenance and modification and the regulation of systemic phosphate metabolism . Transport of these signaling molecules, along with nutrients and metabolic wastes, is essential for the survival and proper functioning of osteocytes .
It has been estimated that 28% of pregnant women attending antenatal clinics in South Africa are HIV positive . In 2001, a program was started in South Africa to provide PMTCT at antenatal care centers . Cognitive behavioral interventions  that were developed for people living with HIV in the United States have improved health behaviors and reduced mental health symptoms.
Melatonin  is an indoleamine involved in biochemical regulation of the circadian rhythms and other biological functions throughout the body . Melatonin is also synthesized in extrapineal sites that include retina, Harderian glands, gut, ovary, testes, bone marrow, lens and skin . In mammals, melatonin metabolic degradation occurs either directly at the site of production, or in the liver  proceeding through complex pathways.
Ensuring and improving the quality of nursing home  care is a primary concern of the federal and state governments, policy makers, and consumers . These quality measures  can also serve as objective evidence of performance and enable pay for performance  programs to reward facilities with superior outcomes . Recent studies suggest that NHs may respond to the CMS reports and take actions to improve practices affecting the published QMs  .
Breast cancer is the most common malignancy in women worldwide and is a leading cause of cancer related mortality . More than 1.2 million cases are diagnosed every year, affecting 1012% of the female population and accounting for 500,000 deaths per year worldwide . Previous studies reported that the incidence of tumor cells at or near the cut edge of the surgical specimen ranged from 5% to 82%, with the majority of studies indicating positive resection margins in 20% to 40% of patients after resection of the primary tumor .
Osteoarthritis  is a common debilitating joint pathology that is more prevalent in the elderly. For radiographs the current reference standards are Kellgren Lawrence  and OARSI  grading systems . In recent decades, magnetic resonance imaging  has emerged as an important tool in evaluation of hip and other joint change .
The purpose of this study is to determine if an earlier age at onset of positive symptoms in schizophrenia is associated with cannabis use disorders  . 49 first episode schizophrenia subjects with CUD were compared to 51 first episode schizophrenia subjects with no substance use disorders for demographic and clinical variables. A multivariate logistic regression was performed to determine the joint relationship between variables significantly associated with CUD on univariate testing and ascertain if these variables independently predict CUD.
The high mortality rate of prostate cancer  is closely associated with the spread of malignant cells to various tissues in the body including bone. All of these events are functionally similar to hematopoietic cells as they move in and out of the bone marrow, an event that seems to be largely regulated by chemokines  . Chemokines are small proinflammatory chemoattractant cytokines that bind to G proteincoupled seven span transmembrane receptors that are major regulators of cellular trafficking.
Infections associated with open fractures and implanted prosthetic devices present a significant clinical and economical challenge in orthopaedic surgery. This practice has several recognized disadvantages that include the need to administer the PMMA depot through an open surgical procedure, lack of PMMA degradability, the need for its removal through a secondary surgery, poor drug release characteristics from PMMA, and its poor utility for infection prophylaxis. Over the past decade, researchers have developed biodegradable polymeric scaffolds for use in bone infections made from poly acid, fibrin, chitosan, collagen, hydroxyapatite, and other polymeric carriers,,,.
Hyperpolarized 3He and 129Xe gas MR imaging of lung airspaces has developed rapidly during the past decade ), showing its potential to become an important diagnostic technique for clinical evaluation of lung diseases. A quantitative method for measuring local fractional ventilation  has also appeared . The local oxygen concentration and its decrease during breath hold have been determined  from the 3He T1.
Krüppel like factor 4  is a zinc finger containing transcription that is highly expressed in the terminally differentiated epithelial cells of the intestine . Taken together, these studies are highly suggestive that KLF4 functions as a tumor suppressor in the intestinal epithelium . The best characterized Notch target gene is the basic helix loop helix  protein hairy/enhancer of split  .
Alzheimer's disease  is the leading cause of irreversible, progressive dementia. It is characterized by a gradual loss of memory and cognitive skills. Based on age of onset, the disease is divided into two subtypes, early onset AD and late onset AD.
Learning to produce vocalizations with speech like acoustics is an essential component of early spoken language learning . Here we propose a positive social feedback loop supporting speech development . Receiving an immediate response encourages the subsequent production of similar utterances.
Dendrite structure determines the spatial extent and types of afferent input a neuron receives as well as the biophysical properties of the dendritic arbor . Establishment of dendritic arbor structure in vivo depends on both excitatory and inhibitory input activity , however, the role of inhibitory GABAergic synaptic transmission in regulating dendritic arbor development remains unclear, likely because GABA can act as a depolarizing or hyperpolarizing transmitter depending on the expression of chloride transporters and therefore internal chloride concentration in the postsynaptic neuron. Blocking inhibitory GABAergic transmission in preparations containing mature neurons also increases activity indirectly and increases process outgrowth .
Chromosomal microarray analysis  can be used to detect small deletions or duplications of genetic material not detectable by traditional karyotyping techniques . It has been recommended as a first tier test for evaluating children with developmental disabilities and multiple anomalies . Because of the greater yield over traditional chromosomal analysis, CMA is being used increasingly in prenatal diagnosis and may replace karyotyping in high risk pregnancies .
Most mothers and fathers value parenthood, are satisfied with their parental roles overall , and are more committed to parenting than to work . However, more than half of parents also report that parenting is more difficult than their jobs . Parenting stress  is stress that can be attributed to parental difficulty in managing parenting tasks, to the behavior of the child, or to dysfunctional interaction between child and parent .
  Bacteriophage T4  and E.coli B  were both purchased from American Type Culture Collection. Ultrafiltered nuclease free grade 1 water  was used in all preparations . The MOI at which infection occurs is crucial to all experiments.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is the most common form of motor neuron disease in adults . Some of these types of mutations cause early terminations to C terminally truncate the protein. However, in no case has there been a mutation linked to fALS that would lead to the absence of protein from the mutant allele.
Young children with autism have significant social communication delays in symbolic play and joint attention. Specific deficits in these areas distinguish children with autism from typically developing children as well as from children with intellectual disabilities . Furthermore, both symbolic play and joint attention are significantly associated with later social , cognitive  and communication development  .
Recent advances in functional MRI have enabled the visualization of brain responses evoked by itch stimulation. ASL has evolved from a 2 dimensional to a 3 dimensional technique, such as the 3 D Grase    Propeller  used in this study . Previously, ASL was successfully employed to analyze and compare cerebral activations evoked by histamine and cowhage itches , or the mechanisms of itch relief provided by active vs. passive scratching .
Cancer is a Genetic Disease Caused by activating mutations in oncogenes and inactivating mutations in tumor suppressor genes. However, the majority of these cancer causing mutations are loss of function events that defy standard inhibitor based drug development strategies. The most common strategy for meeting this challenge is to identify and inhibit a downstream gain of function.
Antimicrobial peptides are crucial components of the innate immune system that protects against microbial infection . In part, acting as natural antibiotics, antimicrobial peptides have a distinct and overlapping antimicrobial activity against a variety of microbial pathogens . They are produced constitutively or can be induced in a variety of types, including phagocytes and epithelial cells , and they can directly kill a broad spectrum of bacteria, fungi, and viruses.
Prion diseases are fatal neurodegenerative disorders of humans and animals that uniquely present as sporadic, genetic, or infectious maladies . These diseases are caused by prions, which are formed from the conformational conversion of a ubiquitous and noninfectious isoform of the prion protein  to disease associated and infectious isoforms . Prions are unprecedented pathogens because nucleic acids are not involved in their replication .
Bacterial survival in an environment containing fungi and heavy metal ions depends on plasmids   extra chromosomal DNA molecules capable of replicating independently of the host genome. Most of our knowledge about plasmid DNA partitioning comes from studies on the large low copy number plasmid R1 . The stability operon par encodes three components sufficient for plasmid segregation: parR, and parM genes along with the cis acting locus, parC .
High throughput experiments have transformed biology and we have reached a time where it is possible to develop comprehensive models of entire biological systems. One example is a mathematical model of the minimal bacterium Mycoplasma genitalium  that integrates genomic, proteomic, and metabolomic data into a fully connected metabolic reaction network. This parameterized model predicts metabolic fluxes under different conditions in agreement with experiments.
The growth in the number and proportion of older adults in the United States is unprecedented—it is estimated that adults aged 65 years and older will account for roughly 20% of the U.S. population by 2030. It is therefore a public health priority to identify the biological mechanisms responsible for cognitive aging as well as preventive measures to counteract its deleterious effects. Whereas research investigating white matter volume is a valid first step towards understanding age related differences in white matter and cognition, it does not shed light on the microstructural properties of the particular brain tissue.
Papillomaviruses  contain circular double stranded DNA genomes of approximately 8000 base pairs. There are over 100 HPV types with approximately 30 types associated with genital tract lesions . Persistent infection of high risk HPVs together with additional viral and host genetic or epigenetic changes can lead to cervical cancer , the second most common cancer in women worldwide, after breast cancer .
The incidence of thyroid cancer, the most common endocrine cancer, varies widely by geographic area and ethnicity . Such variation may reflect differences in genetic background, environmental factors, and access to health care . Few risk factors for thyroid cancer have been identified apart from female sex , ionizing radiation in childhood , benign thyroid conditions , obesity , smoking and alcohol consumption .
The past few decades have seen an explosion in the analysis of the components of the meiotic spindle, and clarifying contributions to spindle dynamics of microtubules, molecular motors , chromosomes and other regulatory proteins  . Seminal work provided quantitative analysis of forces that act on chromosomes during cell division in intact grasshopper spermatocytes. The effects of changes in pressure and temperature have revealed the dynamicity of the metaphase spindle and also provided certain thermodynamic parameters.
The development of cancer involves the accumulation of various genetic alterations, which are present in both the mitochondrial and nuclear genomes. Mitochondria play a critical role in energy production and oxidative phosphorylation . Defects in mitochondrial function are suspected to contribute to the development and progression of cancer .
In the last few years, mutations in genes coding for transducers participating in the RAS mitogen activated protein kinase  signaling pathway have been identified as the molecular cause underlying a group of clinically related developmental disorders with features including reduced postnatal growth, facial dysmorphia, cardiac defects, ectodermal anomalies, variable cognitive deficits and susceptibility to certain malignancies . Noonan syndrome , which is the most common condition among these Mendelian traits, has been demonstrated to be caused by heterozygous germline mutations in the PTPN11 , SOS1 , KRAS , RAF1 , and MEK1  genes in approximately 65% of affected individuals . SHP2 , SOS1, RAF1, and MEK1 positively contribute to RAS MAPK signal traffic, and possess complex autoinhibitory mechanisms that can be impaired by mutations .
Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders  describes a wide array of neurological defects and morphological malformations associated with ethanol teratogenicity . The complex interplay of these variables in humans makes understanding FASD challenging, necessitating the use of animal models . Amniote model systems have been used by numerous labs to study various aspects of FASD.
Spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy  or Kennedy’s Disease is an x linked disorder associated with degeneration of the anterior horn motor neurons and dorsal root ganglion cells. Likewise, MUNE may be useful in clinical trials in SBMA for detecting subtle responses to treatment . Among the different techniques for obtaining MUNE, the statistical MUNE has been one of the suggested methods for clinical trials because of its ease in performance and reproducibility.
In recent years, intervention evaluation research has emphasized the need to evaluate the extent to which programs have been implemented as intended . This expectation suggests that programs implemented at a higher level of integrity will produce the strongest and most consistent findings . Monitoring how programs are carried out can also provide insight as to components that are critical to intervention success  and the feasibility of implementing the intervention .
Early developmental exposure to ethanol has been extensively linked to a variety of abnormalities in both human and non human subjects. In the developing rodent brain, this effect triggers widespread apoptosis . Briefly, NMDAR activity is increased via receptor protein upregulation and/or increased receptor activity .
The incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma  has been dramatically increasing over the last 30 years in several regions in North America, Europe, and Oceania. Specifically, EAC incidence has increased 350% since the 1970s in Caucasian men in the USA, which currently results in approximately 10 000 deaths per year. It is believed that EAC arises from Barrett’s esophagus , an abnormal growth of columnar cells from normal esophageal interstitial tissue.
Since production began in the 1930's an estimated 1.5 million tons of polychlorinated biphenyls  have been manufactured . Rhizoremediation is an attractive alternative to the current treatment options for PCB remediation, but the intermediates and pathways of transformation must be known. This study seeks to enhance rhizosphere biotransformation of selected PCB congeners by combining the benefits of plant assisted transformation with the manipulation of redox conditions in the rhizosphere to enhance dechlorination.
Normal cerebellar development requires the correct balance between the early proliferation of granule neuron progenitors  and their subsequent post mitotic differentiation and migration to their final location within the mature organ. At birth  day 0), the EGL is composed of a single layer of GNPs overlaying Purkinje cells that secrete the mitogen Sonic hedgehog . GNPs then exit the cell cycle, differentiate and migrate through the Purkinje cell layer to reside as post mitotic neurons within the internal granule layer .
The government should try hard to reach boys before they reach puberty, and have seminars for them when they are very young… There is a Swahili saying ‘Bend a fish when the fish is not yet dry’  it is too late later. The training for those in puberty is already too late . Rural School Dropout, Adolescent Boy, TanzaniaThe global health community has focused much of its HIV prevention efforts in sub Saharan Africa on adolescent girls aged 15 years and older, recognizing their unique vulnerability to infection with HIV .
Repeated administration of opioids such as morphine results in the development of tolerance and physical dependence. For example, chronic cannabinoid administration attenuates morphine antinociceptive tolerance and reduces naloxone precipitated withdrawal in morphine dependent rodents . Similarly, drugs with antagonist activity at NMDA receptors reduce tolerance and physical dependence after repeated morphine administration .
Modification with ethylene glycol oligomers is a commonly used method to improve the biocompatibility and retention of biomaterials in living systems. Many researchers have sought means of combining both types of functional groups to achieve combined biocompatibility and targeting. Unfortunately, current methods for adding multiple functional groups to the outside of mesoporous silica particles involve simultaneously grafting two types of organosilanes to the silica, which cannot provide a controlled spatial distribution of functional groups.
Glycosaminoglycans  are linear, negatively charged polysaccharides composed of a variable number of repeating disaccharide units. Based on the structure of their repeating disaccharides, GAGs can be classified into four families, hyaluronan , chondroitin sulfates , heparan sulfate , and keratan sulfate . HA, the simplest GAG, contains neither sulfo groups nor is it attached to a core protein and has the structure →3) β GlcNAc  β GlcA .
Salmonella enterica are facultative, intracellular, gram negative enterobacteria that cause a range of enteric diseases in mammalian hosts. The human restricted serovars Salmonella enterica Typhi and Paratyphi are the causal agents of Typhoid fever, affecting more than 27 million people worldwide and resulting in greater than 200 000 deaths each year through contaminated food and drinking water . Typhoid fever remains an important global health issue due to geographic spread as a result of foreign travel to areas of endemicity, including Africa and Asia .
Over the past several years, we have performed numerous studies of whole body and organ glucose metabolism with 18F labeled 2 fluoro 2 deoxy D Glucose  in rodent models  of burn injury. Among the most common and striking findings of these studies, were alterations of glucose metabolism in the brain and heart . In the case of the brain, these studies demonstrated a consistent and marked reduction in 18FDG uptake throughout the brain.
The global mortality rate among infants and children of less than 5 years of age has declined significantly in recent years. However, the neonatal mortality rate still remains high as a result of inadequate healthcare facilities in developing countries. Currently, cotrimoxazole  is used, in developing countries, to treat pneumonia and sepsis in neonates by home based healthcare providers .
Lipids and their metabolites play a vital role in a variety of biological processes including cellcell adhesion, storage of energy, cell signaling, localization of membrane proteins and enzymatic modulation as cofactors. The brain, in which the lipids account for almost half of the organ dry weight, contains a large variety of lipids of widely differing polarity. Several methods are available for lipid analysis, among the most common are those based on chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry .
In December of 2009, when the H1N1 influenza pandemic appeared to be subsiding, public health officials and unvaccinated individuals faced the question of whether continued H1N1 immunization was still worthwhile. Despite massive efforts, large supplies of vaccine were still available and much of the population had not yet been vaccinated as the second wave subsided. Continued prioritization of the H1N1 vaccination program had to be justified on the grounds of a likely positive benefit to population health.
The heat shock response is an evolutionarily conserved, primitive endogenous cellular defense mechanism characterized by the rapid intracellular expression of a class of proteins collectively known as heat shock proteins . The structure, mode of regulation, and function of Hsps are highly conserved among different species, and Hsps have been identified in virtually all eukaryotic and prokaryotic species examined to date . However, a growing body of literature suggests that Hsps may also exist and function outside of the cell.
In people living with HIV/AIDS , disclosure of HIV positive status is positively associated with increased access to key support networks, improvements in mental health, and earlier initiation and better adherence to anti retroviral therapy  . Consequently, those PLWHA that disclose their HIV status have been reported to have delayed disease progression compared to those who have not disclosed, and may also be less likely to transmit HIV to their sexual partner  . Beyond early treatment initiation, disclosure of HIV positive status specifically to a sexual partner may have independent HIV prevention benefits, allowing couples to make informed decisions concerning their HIV prevention and reproductive health requirements .
Dehydration and hyperosmolarity, or osmotic stress, remain major challenges to land organisms because they evolved from the isotonic environment of the sea . NFAT5 stimulates the transcription of hyperosmolarity responsive genes, including those encoding aldose reductase , the sodium myo inositol cotransporter  and the sodium chloridebetaine cotransporter , which are responsible for the production and uptake of small organic osmolytes  . All of these conditions are associated with an altered immune response and cytokine secretion .
The epidermal growth factor receptor  family plays a key role in normal development and oncogenesis . The latter process is often associated with both procoagulant events and proinvasive cellular changes described as epithelial to mesenchymal transitions . EMT is believed to be controlled by interactions between oncogenic and growth factor pathways  and contributes to the more aggressive and metastatic behavior of several cancer cell types , and to the cancer cell “stemness”  .
Oral cancer, predominantly oral squamous cell carcinoma , is a high impact disease in the oral cavity, affecting more than 34 000 people in the United States each year . Major risk factors for OSCC include tobacco and alcohol consumption along with environmental and genetic factors . Therefore, early disease detection is imperative because it can result in more effective treatment with superior results .
Selecting the best course of action requires a consideration of multiple decision variables, in particular the magnitude of the action’s payoff, its probability of success, and the costs in terms of time and effort . However, decision making frameworks highlight that optimal behaviour not only rests upon the valuation of each choice alternative based on these variables , but also on the evaluation of the experienced outcome in order to determine whether adaptations in future choice behaviour are necessary . Moreover, damage to either OFC or ACC impairs the ability to utilize the value of an outcome to guide future decisions  .
During the inflammatory response leukocytes migrate out of the bloodstream by squeezing between tightly apposed endothelial cells of postcapillary venules at the site of inflammation. The process of diapedesis in which the leukocyte actually moves across the endothelial monolayer also involves adhesion and signaling events between the leukocyte and endothelial cell . There are a number of endothelial molecules concentrated at the cell border whose blockade by antibody, knockdown, or genetic ablation has been shown to inhibit diapedesis.
Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death in the United States, and the development of almost 90% of lung cancer cases is attributable to tobacco smoking. recently proposed a biopsychosocial model in which racial/ethnic differences in psychosocial factors, environmental variables, and the prevalence of modifiable risk factors are hypothesized to contribute to tobacco related health disparities. Specifically, two studies have indicated that AAs may have a greater number of risk factors than other racial/ethnic groups including Caucasians, Asians/Pacific Islanders, and Mexican Americans.
Clinical studies have shown that transmural variation in the contractile function of human myocardium may influence clinical end points . followed 840 patients for 3,914 patient years and showed that shortening of the middle transmural region of the left ventricular free wall is a better predictor of cardiovascular morbidity than the shortening of other regions, or ejection fraction. However, the mechanisms that underlie these results, which may include transmural variation in cellular and molecular properties, are not well understood .
The helminth parasite Opisthorchis viverrini is an important food borne pathogen of humans. The disease caused by this parasite, opisthorchiasis or liver fluke disease, is endemic to mainland Southeast Asia, predominantly Northeast Thailand, Laos, Cambodia and central Vietnam where at least 79.8 million people live at risk of infection . Humans become infected by eating raw or undercooked fish containing the infective stage  which excyst in the gut and migrate via the ampulla of Vater into the bile ducts of the liver where they develop and become sexually mature adult flukes.
Gene expression is a sophisticated, finely tuned process that involves the regulated interactions of multiple proteins with promoter and enhancer elements. The yeast one hybrid system , a variant of the yeast two hybrid system  , is a powerful and commonly used in vivo genetic assay for identification of protein DNA interactions. In many cases, protein protein and protein DNA interactions are intertwined in vivo: DNA binding proteins are often modulated by the recruitment of accessory proteins that cannot bind DNA directly but rather serve to repress or coactivate transcription through the formation of transcriptional complexes .
Secondary results from two previous clinical trials  suggested that selenium or vitamin E supplementation could reduce prostate cancer incidence. The multi center Selenium and Vitamin E Cancer Prevention Trial  was initiated in 2001 to directly test the efficacy of these agents in preventing prostate cancer . However, neither selenium nor vitamin E alone or in combination reduced the risk of prostate cancer; rather, all supplementation groups displayed elevated risk, with the 17% increased risk with vitamin E supplementation reaching statistical significance compared to placebo.
Fungal infections are a serious threat to many patient populations, particularly the immuno compromised . Infection of medical devices can necessitate their removal. Furthermore, systemically delivered antifungal drugs can have severe and potentially lethal side effects .
Noncardiac chest pain  or functional chest pain  is characterized by recurrent, often debilitating chest pain with no clear etiology. This problem is further compounded by significant effects on the quality of life and consumption of significant amounts of health care resources. The exact mechanism for chest pain is unclear, but several factors have been proposed.
In an effort to develop environmentally responsible methods of mosquito control, researchers have been evaluating microbiological control strategies involving mainly Bacillus thuringiensis subspecies israelensis or B. sphaericus. Both bacterial species produce insecticidal inclusions. This Bacillus produces a protein called Cry11Ba, which to date is the most mosquitocidal single toxin having about 640 times more activity against mosquitoes  than the most active toxin of B. thuringiensis subsp.
Oncolytic virus  therapy is an innovative anticancer approach utilizing replication competent viruses that preferentially infect and kill cancer cells . While wild type  VSV cannot be utilized as an OV due to its unacceptable neurotoxicity, numerous VSV based recombinants with significantly decreased neurotoxicity and improved oncoselectivity have been generated . However, cancer cells often have defects in type I IFN signaling, which can provide a growth advantage to uninfected cells, but impairs their ability to inhibit VSV infection and replication  .
The HIV 1 Gag protein is one of the most functionally and structurally constrained proteins of HIV 1, and is a robust inducer of potent virus specific immune responses. The MHC class I HLA alleles can affect the progression of HIV disease . In chronic HIV 1 infection, 74% of HLA B*57/5801 positive individuals exhibit the T242N mutation .
Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer related deaths for both men and women in the USA, with 5 year survival rates less than 15%. In recent years, nanomedicine platforms that integrate imaging and therapeutic functions  have received considerable attention as the next generation of medicine. Such integrated diagnostic and therapeutic designs allow for the timely tailoring of nano medicine modules to address the challenges of tumor heterogeneity and adaptive resistance, which can ultimately help achieve the goal of personalized therapy for lung cancer .
Temporal lobe epilepsy  is a common neurological condition affecting approximately 1% of human population. It is associated with characteristic changes in neuronal circuitry, which render the brain more susceptible to seizure generation . Mossy fibers of the granule cells sprout into the inner molecular layer of the dentate gyrus where they form excitatory synapses with the other granule cells, resulting in a recurrent excitatory circuit associated with TLE  .
Genomic and proteomic studies have established that cancer is a systems biology disease that involves a large number of genes spanning multiple signaling pathways as shown in lung, pancreatic, breast, brain and colorectal cancers. In the case of lung cancer, hundreds of genetic alterations spanning 18 signaling pathways have been found., The large number of mutations make it a significant challenge to identify effective treatments for this disease. According to the American Cancer Society, the disease has taken 160,340 lives in the U.S in 2011 alone.
Community associated methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus  pose a significant threat to human health, and infection can manifest as a variety of diseases, including pneumonia, necrotizing skin infections, endocarditis, arthritis, and sepsis . Human polymorphonuclear leukocytes  are the first responders in most bacterial infections, including those due to S. aureus . In general, PMN readily phagocytose bacteria and use a variety of agents stored in granules and PMN generated HOCl to kill ingested microbes .
Individuals with hypertension often elicit exaggerated cardiovascular, hormonal, and behavioral responses to stress . Autonomic and emotional responses to stressful situations have been reported to be attenuated in individuals with lesions of the amygdala . As a result, it has been hypothesized that dysregulation of the amygdala may predispose an individual to develop hypertension  .
There has been increasing evidence that high insulin levels increase the risk of breast cancer recurrence and death . These studies have also shown that high insulin and c peptide levels are strongly associated with obesity and low levels of physical activity , both adverse prognostic factors in women diagnosed with breast cancer . Although the mechanisms linking exercise to breast cancer prognosis are not well understood, insulin may prove to be the elusive link between low levels of physical activity and poor breast cancer prognosis.
Angiotensin II  is a major component of the mechanisms regulating cardiovascular homeostasis by maintaining vascular tone and salt and water balance . The balance between these anti  and prohypertensive eicosanoids, together with other vasoactive agents, determines blood pressure levels. Moreover, inhibitors of lipoxygenase and CYP4A minimize Ang II dependent hypertension .
In nature, fatty acids must be activated before they can be assimilated into various metabolic pathways. Instead the activated fatty acids are acylated onto the acyl carrier proteins  of polyketide synthases  to biosynthesize lipidic metabolites. This mode of activation is reminiscent of the adenylation domains of non ribosomal peptide synthetases  , which along with FAAL and FACL proteins constitute a large superfamily of acyl activating enzymes .
Animals achieve behavioral goals by decomposing complex tasks into a sequence of steps and resolving each step by the systematic application of behavioral strategies. In the case of navigational behavior, the task is to translocate to preferred surroundings. As animals explore their environments, navigational strategies are utilized at sequential points along their trajectories.
Alcohol impaired driving and resultant motor vehicle crashes are a major public health problem in the U.S., resulting in 13,000 preventable deaths annually . College students are an important population to target for several reasons. National data on motor vehicle crashes indicate that alcohol involvement is especially prevalent in drivers under 35 years of age .
The ribosomal tunnel has a length of ~100Å from the peptidyl transferase center  to the exit site and an average diameter of ~15Å. This tunnel hosts protein synthesis and participates in folding the nascent peptide. Moreover, this participation by the tunnel is differentially specified along the 100 Å length of the tunnel.
Differences in type of occupation may create disparities in health between sexes in Mexico, since, type of labor force activity is associated with physical and mental health risks in other countries . This study makes use of the Mexican Health and Aging Survey  to examine the relationship between labor force participation and gender differences in health the prevalence of arthritis, diabetes, and hypertension . The Mexican Health and Aging Survey  is a nationally representative panel survey of subjects and their spouses in Mexico in 2001 .
AA amyloidosis results from the aggregation and deposition of serum amyloid A  protein, as fibrils, in peripheral organs leading to dysfunction and death. In this model, SAA serum levels are always elevated  and deposition, initiated by injection of amyloid enhancing factor , is continuous resulting in an ever increasing AA load and ultimately death . In the silver nitrate mouse model, SAA levels peak between 24 and 48 hours and clearance of the AA is affected once SAA levels are lowered .
The prognosis of patients with glioblastoma , the most common primary brain tumor, remains dismal despite aggressive treatment. The high proliferative rate, intense invasiveness, and presence of the bloodbrain barrier , which limits the penetration of large molecules into the central nervous system , all contribute to poor GBM response to conventional therapies . Besides, the inflammatory function of the active mediators of the innate immune response, namely microglia  and macrophages , seems to be suppressed in gliomas and these cells may even promote tumor progression .
Premature infants are at increased risk for abnormal long term neurodevelopmental outcome. Therefore, premature infants are vulnerable to abnormal brain myelination from developmental disruption or injury during the critical period of perinatal brain development. Because of temporal and regional emergence of myelination in the auditory pathway during the perinatal period, auditory neural myelination provides a window for evaluation of brain myelination.
The human brain has a remarkable ability to efficiently recognize faces. Behavioral studies have shown that picture stimuli containing the faces of living things, compared to those with other non face objects, more rapidly attract gazes from healthy participants, including infants  and adults . Among the most investigated features of human face recognition is its selectivity to upright orientation .
The CNS is a favored site for persistence of viruses and other pathogens because T cell surveillance is less effective than in other organs. Neurotropic strains of mouse hepatitis virus , such as JHMV, cause localized infections in the CNS with clinical and pathological manifestations of acute and chronic demyelinating encephalomyelitis. J2.2 V 1 RNA but not infectious virus can be detected in the CNS for up to two years post infection  .
Although there is controversy over whether screening with computed tomography  may reduce lung cancer mortality , there is little doubt that thin slice multi detector row CT  allows the detection of more lung nodules, often of smaller size, than both thicker section CT examinations and chest radiographic images . MDCT examinations of the thorax are now commonly reconstructed at 13 mm slice thickness and often with overlapping intervals , resulting in a large number of images to be interpreted. Computer aided detection  may help reduce false negatives at a lower cost than double reading by a second radiologist .
Phytochemicals, microbial metabolites, and other natural products and their synthetic analogs have been extensively used for drug development and treatment of various diseases including cancer . Curcumin  is a polyphenolic natural product and the active component of tumeric  which is used in cooking and in traditional medicines . Curcumin has been extensively investigated as an anticancer drug in various cancer cells and laboratory animal models.
A common feature of aging related diseases, such as osteoarthritis , is the progressive accumulation of damaged macromolecules leading to cell dysfunction and death. Cellular homeostasis is dependent on intracellular mechanisms that maintain functional organelles and macromolecules required for cell survival and normal biosynthetic function . In fact, chondrocytes, the only cell type of adult articular cartilage, are capable of responding to structural changes in the surrounding cartilage matrix but the capacity of the adult articular chondrocyte to regenerate the normal cartilage matrix architecture is limited and declines with aging .
The presence of amyloid beta  plaques and neurofibrillary tangles  comprised of hyperphosphorylated tau in Alzheimer’s Disease  pathology has resulted in numerous studies designed to elucidate their role and potential interaction. Multiple reports indicate that Aβ pathology precedes the accumulation of hyperphosphrylated tau in AD, leading to the focus on Aβ as a key target for treatment. , However, it has also been shown that reduced expression of tau results in decreased Aβ neuro  and excitotoxicity.
Ultrashort echo time  imaging allows detection of tissues with T2 relaxation times in the sub millisecond range. Some of the applications for UTE imaging of short T2 species include the musculoskeletal system, lung, plaque, and frozen tissue during cryoablation . Conventional imaging methods typically have a minimum echo time  of 12 ms, and so are unable to detect these tissues.
Cognitive decline is known to occur in humans with aging, including changes in memory , attention , and information processing speed . Working memory is a process that allows for temporary storage and on line manipulation of information . A large body of research shows that the prefrontal cortex plays an important role in working memory not only in humans, but also in nonhuman primates and rodents .
Obesity has developed into a global epidemic, and its prevalence among women has been reported as being consistently higher than in men . The dissimilar profiles between sexes show that women are not only more affected by obesity but are also more resistant to weight loss . Similar results were also reported by others in human studies .
Objective quantification of technical surgical skill in surgery remains poorly defined although delivery of and training in these skills is essential to the surgical profession. Attempts to measure hand kinematics to quantify surgical performance primarily rely on electromagnetic sensors attached to the surgeon’s hand or instrument. We sought to determine whether similar motion analysis could be performed using a marker less video based review, allowing for a scalable approach to performance evaluation .
Many weight loss programs are successful in helping people achieve weight loss ; however, maintenance of weight loss is challenging . Other research has applied the Transtheoretical Model  to weight loss maintenance; however, the focus was on individuals' readiness to maintain weight  and did not account for the potential importance of other psychosocial variables, such as perceived stress and social support  . In the first study, participants completed a 10 week, group based, inpatient cognitive behavioral weight loss intervention followed by randomization to 18 months of either “supported maintenance” or follow up without support .
Standard of care for women with advanced stage ovarian cancer involves primary cytoreductive surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy with a platinum based agent, often regarded as the most active component, and a taxane . Whilst response rates to first line treatment are high, 20 25% of cases relapse during or soon after the cessation of primary therapy . However, most mechanistic studies on platinum resistance have been performed using in vitro cell models and few have been shown to be relevant in the clinical setting  .
The prevalence of asthma, a chronic inflammatory disease of the airways characterized by wheezing, shortness of breath, chest tightness, and coughing , has steadily increased since the 1970s . Current estimates suggest 300 million individuals have been diagnosed with asthma globally, and that asthma accounts for nearly 300 000 deaths yearly . The observation that asthma prevalence tends to be highest in industrialized areas suggests that one or more products of industrialization may be contributing to asthma pathogenesis  .
Deficits in cognitive processes necessary for organization, inhibition, sustained attention, and planning and executing goal directed tasks, often referred to as executive functions, are a known cognitive comorbidity in children with epilepsy. Executive function impairments can antedate seizures, persist during disease remission, predict lower quality of life, and relate to compromised cognitive development. These discrete cognitive skill impairments interfere with performance of complex tasks such as planning, and consequently, may pose a greater threat to a child’s overall function than seizures themselves .
Activated protein C  is a trypsin like vitamin K dependent serine protease in plasma that down regulates thrombin generation by degrading the procoagulant cofactors Va and VIIIa by limited proteolysis . The anticoagulant activity of APC is markedly improved by the cofactor function of protein S . In addition to its well studied anticoagulant effect, APC also elicits potent cytoprotective and antiinflammatory responses in endothelial cells .
The corpus callosum  is the largest fiber tract in the nervous system, connecting homotopic cortical regions in the two cerebral hemispheres. Structural studies have included total area, parcellation into multiple regions, and indices of shape. DWI has been used to trace fibers from regions of the CC to cortical areas  and to gauge the integrity of those fibers using metrics derived from diffusion tensors such as fractional anisotropy , mean diffusivity , and radial diffusivity   .
An abundance of information about existing and emerging health care interventions is readily available, posing challenges for clinicians, patients and researchers to determine the best available treatment at a given time. Among methods for assessing the comparative effectiveness of health care interventions, systematic reviews are an important tool for enhancing the ability of health care professionals to interpret and apply research evidence in a timely manner. , Although systematic review and meta analysis are valuable for comparing effects of different medications, conclusions are often limited by available evidence.
The cardiac progenitors that give rise to the outflow tract, right ventricle, and portions of the atria are distinct from the progenitors that form the left ventricle . A subset of the SHF, referred to as the anterior heart field , specifically contribute to the outflow tract and right ventricle and is defined in mice by the expression of an Fgf10 transgene, as well as by the expression of a Mef2c AHF lacZ transgene . The broader SHF has been defined by the expression of the Isl1 gene, which encodes a LIM homeodomain protein essential for cardiac development .
Using checklists of behavior and emotional problems, substantially elevated levels of psychopathology have been reported in studies of children and adolescents with ID . n a sample of 474 individuals with ID , multiple DSM IV  disorders were reported in 14.2% of the sample . Of those who had a diagnosis, 36.8% met diagnostic criteria for more than one disorder.
Glucagon like peptide 1  is a member of the pro glucagon family of incretin peptides, implicated in the control of appetite and satiety. These agents have been shown to have significant clinical efficacy in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus ,,. Prior studies have demonstrated that GLP 1 infusion has salutary cardiovascular effects in the presence or absence of diabetes, suggesting that GLP 1 may have cardioprotective effects independent of those attributable to tight glycemic control.
Oocyte maturation defines a cellular differentiation period that prepares the immature oocyte for egg activation at fertilization. Egg activation refers to the cellular events that take place at and shortly after fertilization, and which ensure a proper egg to embryo transition . These include the block to polyspermy and the completion of meiosis and transition into embryonic mitosis in vertebrates.
Melatonin,  a derivative of serotonin , is a neurohormone that is primarily produced by the pineal gland. Clinical studies in humans have also documented the benefit of melatonin in improving pain in conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome , fibromyalgia and migraine headaches . In fact, melatonin has been shown to be superior to placebo in decreasing abdominal pain and extracolonic symptoms in IBS patients as well as improving symptoms of functional dyspepsia .
Aggregate measures of the burden of disease are routinely used to describe the health of populations, establish public health goals, and evaluate allocation of health care resources . Disease incidence, prevalence, and mortality, as well as economic measures, such as the cost of medical care are commonly used to quantify the aggregate burden of disease . In particular, aggregate measures of the economic burden of disease are often reported for a specific calendar year, and are based on the cost of medical care in that year to all individuals diagnosed with or living with that disease.
Mental retardation  is the most common developmental disability, affecting intellectual and adaptive functions in approximately 1−3% of the population. Yet, the underlying cause of MR is established in less than half the cases. , The classical ectodermal dysplasias include a combination of defects in hair, missing or abnormally shaped teeth, and a reduction in number of sweat glands.
Composite biological endpoints are increasingly being used in clinical trials. Composite endpoints have been used to demonstrate the efficacy of an experimental intervention, but the way composite endpoints are designed and interpreted has not been evaluated . In human immunodeficiency  and sexually transmitted infection  prevention trials, multiple biologic outcomes have been combined to increase the power of a study and increase the likelihood of detecting an intervention effect .
Understanding the molecular basis of complex traits is a major challenge in modern Genetics. Faster and more efficient genotyping methods have propelled studies that seek to identify QTL in many different systems, including humans . As we learn the molecular identity of causative polymorphisms, the challenge will be to understand the mechanisms by which these molecular changes generate phenotypic differences between individuals .
Despite marked reductions in HIV related mortality since the introduction of highly active antiretroviral therapy  , mortality in HIV infected persons remains higher than in the general population . We previously reported that HIV infection was associated with 3 fold higher odds of death even after controlling for demographic and traditional cardiovascular disease  risk factors . Whether inflammation  contributes to death in HIV infected individuals, beyond demographic and CVD risk factors, is the topic of current investigation .
Emphysema is a common and debilitating lung disease characterized by alveolar airspace enlargement and loss of alveolar capillary septa. Additionally, lung EC specific induction of apoptosis causes emphysematous like change in mice . We have also demonstrated that three weeks of CS exposure causes mild emphysema and lung EC apoptosis in highly susceptible AKR mice .
The presentation of antigenic peptides to T lymphocytes by major histocompatibility complex  molecules is essential for recognition and killing of infected and malignant cells. Assembly of MHC class I heavy chain with antigenic peptide and with the MHC class I light chain, beta 2 microglobulin  occurs in the endoplasmic reticulum . Evidence also indicates that there is regulation of MHC class I trafficking between the ER and the plasma membrane , although our understanding of this process is relatively limited .
The cholinergic system and muscarinic acetylcholine receptors  have an important function in the regulation of pain transmission at the spinal cord level. For example, blocking spinal mAChRs with atropine causes a large increase in pain sensitivity . Also, intrathecal administration of mAChR agonists or acetylcholinesterase inhibitors produces potent analgesia in rodents and in humans .
Knowledge regarding the genetic basis of age related macular degeneration  has advanced significantly in the past few years. Multiple groups have confirmed the complement factor H  gene and its associated polymorphisms on human chromosome 1 as risk factors for AMD in diverse populations. More recently, single nucleotide polymorphisms  in the age related maculopathy susceptibility 2/HtrA serine peptidase 1 gene  on chromosome 10 have also shown strong associations with both dry and wet AMD.
Human immunodeficiency virus Type I  infection is initiated by fusion of the viral membrane with that of the target cell and is mediated by the viral envelope glycoprotein . On the virus surface, a trimer, composed of three non covalently linked dimers of gp120, the receptor binding surface  component, and gp41, the membrane spanning, trans membrane  component, forms the functional Env complex . Mature Env proteins are transported to the plasma membrane where they are rapidly endocytosed or incorporated into virions  .
Primary tumor growth is a complex process, involving many interactions between the tumor and surrounding tissue. Innate immune cells clearly participate in immune surveillance. Through a variety of positive and negative receptors, NK cells can recognize  and eliminate tumor cells by several mechanisms .
Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus  bacteremia is associated with high mortality and places a substantial burden on healthcare systems . Most cases are acquired in the hospital or in persons with well defined healthcare risk factors. A 2005 population based study estimated the burden of invasive MRSA disease in the U.S. to be 94,360 cases, most of which was healthcare associated  bacteremia  .
Genetic alterations associated with the development of lung adenocarcinoma have been extensively characterized , and small molecule based targeting of oncogenic kinases has resulted in great progress in this type of lung cancer  . However, driver mutations in lung squamous cell cancer , another major type of lung cancer, have been poorly characterized, and kinase inhibitors for lung adenocarcinoma have shown limited efficacy against lung SCC. Driver mutations responsible for lung SCC are increasingly being identified.
Endocannabinoids are important retrograde modulators of both excitatory and inhibitory synapses throughout the brain . There remains a significant gap in our understanding of how endocannabinoid synthesis is regulated at a molecular level. The most well studied eCBs in the brain are anandamide   and 2 arachidonylglycerol  .
Cochlear implants  can restore hearing after sensorineural hearing loss, or provide auditory input to children born deaf. These prostheses deliver tonotopically distributed electrical stimulation to the auditory nerve via an electrode array that is inserted into the cochlea. CIs provide a limited degree of spectral resolution, sufficient for good speech intelligibility in quiet , but lose much detail of the original signal.
Hepatitis C virus  is a major cause of acute hepatitis and chronic liver disease, including cirrhosis and liver cancer. These side effects and the rather high costs, and required duration of such treatment limit its use. The nonstructural 5A  protein, a major component of HCV proteins, is a 447 amino acid phosphorylated zinc metalloprotein with largely unknown functions, .
A common organizational principle among all organisms is that the two halves of the CNS are interconnected by commissures where interneurons project across the midline . In Drosophila CNS, many of these interneurons project axons across the ML of the ventral nerve cord  in one of two distinct tracts: the anterior commissure  or the posterior commissure , each of which connects the opposing sides of the CNS . Collectively, axons extending from multiple populations of contralaterally and ipsilaterally projecting interneurons follow stereotypic trajectories forming the conspicuous orthogonal array that represents the Drosophila VNC.
Prostate cancer  is the most common male malignancy and one of the leading causes of cancer death among men worldwide. Critical challenges plague the field of PCa hindering the development of effective diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic options for disease management . Advanced prostate cancer is usually associated with metastatic dissemination, typically to bones, causing significant morbidity and mortality .
The inflammasome is a multi protein complex that forms in response to a variety of danger signals. Caspase 1 undergoes auto proteolytic activation and cleaves the zymogen forms of the pro inflammatory cytokines IL 1β and IL 18 to their mature forms which are then secreted from the cell. For this reason, discovery of novel inflammasome inhibitors is of clinical importance .
Postural tachycardia syndrome  is a common cause of orthostatic sinus tachycardia and orthostatic intolerance which affects an estimated 500,000 persons in the United States . POTS is defined by a heart rate increase of 30 beats per minute  with standing from a supine position without a significant associated drop in blood pressure. Patients chronically have symptoms that are worse with upright posture and that improve with recumbence.
Costimulatory signals are necessary for T cell proliferation, differentiation, survival, and the establishment of memory T cell populations. Therefore, costimulation is essential for mediating efficient T cell responses . Most costimulatory molecules belong to either the immunoglobulin superfamily or the tumor necrosis factor receptor  family.
Membrane proteins require a lipid environment for their folding, assembly, and activity . The structure of the lipid bilayer is an important determinant of the structure, and hence the function, of the embedded membrane proteins, and thus many studies have been aimed at structural characterization of fluid bilayers . Structural studies of fluid bilayers, however, are challenging due to the very high thermal disorder that is intrinsic to the native membrane state .
Obstructive sleep apnea  is characterized by recurrent closure of the upper airway during sleep leading to chronic intermittent hypoxia  and sleep fragmentation . OSA is present in 2 9% of women and 4 24% of men in the US, but the prevalence may exceed 50% in the obese population . There is also emerging evidence that OSA is associated with chronic liver injury and non alcoholic steatohepatitis  .
The development of the Drosophila compound eye begins in embryogenesis when a small set of cells within the dorso lateral regions of the head begin to express the Pax6 genes eyeless  and twin of eyeless . At the beginning of the third and final instar, pattern formation begins in the retina when a wave of morphogenesis is initiated at the posterior margin of the eye field. The passage of the furrow across the eye primordium transforms a vast array of undifferentiated and nonpatterned cells into a repetitive array of unit eyes or ommatidia  .
Free radicals and reactive oxygen species 2 play major roles in normal biological functions. Among nucleic acid oxidations, much attention has been focused on DNA, which is protected by its binding proteins and by a number of repair systems to minimize damaging effects . Despite the fact that there is sufficient evidence implicating RNA oxidation with various age related neurodegenerative diseases and other ROS induced physiological damage, knowledge of the nature of RNA oxidation is quite limited, particularly compared to that reported for DNA oxidation.
Little is currently known about the etiology of brain and other nervous system tumors. These risk factors account for a very small percentage of cases. This hypothesis implies that the impact of the infections on immune system development may have greater influence on the carcinogenic process later in life than cellular effects caused by the presence of the virus.
Anxiety disorders are prevalent in the general population, affecting up to one in five patients in community samples and higher in samples of patients referred for cardiac complaints. These disorders are associated with poorer quality of life and higher utilization of health care resources.,, Chest pain complaints are also prevalent and are the principal reason for millions of emergency department  visits in the United States annually. Lacking a definitive test for anxiety related chest pain, ED doctors are obliged to evaluate each instance for life threatening conditions such as myocardial infarction and ischemia.
Hearing impairment  is the most common sensory deficit among older adults and its effects can be socially and psychologically devastating, leading to loneliness, isolation, anxiety and depression; and associated with other sensory impairment. , The projected global rise in the proportion of persons aged 65 years and over is likely to be associated with increasing prevalence of HI among the elderly. , The control of risk factors offers the prospect of stemming the rise in the prevalence of HI.
Globally, the misuse of prescription drugs  drugs obtained from a non medical source or used for a non medical or recreational purpose  grew considerably during the first decade of the 21st century , especially among young adults . Elevated rates of misuse among young adults occur for a range of prescription drug classes, including pain killers, sedatives, and stimulants . Although many studies of prescription drug misuse focus on those who misuse one particular drug type, many have a history of consuming more than one type of prescription drug non medically.
Many cancer cells, including prostate cancer, are able to over express TGF β1. Aside from the growth inhibitory effect, TGF β1 can also stimulate extracellular matrix production, promote angiogenesis, facilitate invasion, and suppress the host immune system. Thus, cancer cells may circumvent the suppressive effects of TGF β1, especially for aggressive cancer cells.
Enteral nutrition  is the preferred mode of nutrient intake in critically ill children with a functioning gut. However, despite the preference for EN, there are a number of avoidable barriers in the PICU that impede optimal nutrient delivery at the bedside . Delay in initiating and advancing EN can result in failure to reach energy and protein delivery goals .
Replication Protein A  was originally purified as a replication factor that stimulated helicase strand displacement and polymerase synthesis . RPA facilitates activities in replication and repair through its interactions with other proteins. Another protein complex involved in ATR and ATM signaling pathways is the MRN complex.
Preterm birth is the leading cause of neonatal mortality in the United States and Blacks are twice as likely as Whites to have a preterm birth . Economically deprived areas are more likely to be inhabited by Blacks than Whites, even when both groups have similar income and education . Economically disadvantaged communities are not as well equipped with amenities for good health  as economically advantaged areas .
Originally identified as a milk protein, milk fat globule epidermal growth factor  factor 8  is now known to be expressed in a range of tissues where it performs diverse homeostatic functions . The molecule comprises two N terminal EGF like domains and two C terminal discoidin like domains with sequence similarity to blood coagulation factors V and VIII. A signal peptide at the N terminus of the nascent MFG E8 protein mediates secretion  .
Chromosome 13q14 deletions frequently occur in several human malignancies, including B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia , non Hodgkin’s lymphoma , acute lymphoblastic leukemia , lung cancer , prostate cancer , head and neck cancer , and esophageal cancer , suggesting the presence of one or more tumor suppressor gene in this region. The chronic lymphocytic leukemia deletion gene 7  , and GLP ) is a candidate tumor suppressor that maps to chromosome 13q14 . The CLLD7 gene encodes a 531 amino acid protein that contains two functional domains: a regulator of chromosome condensation  domain at the N terminus and a broad complex, tramtrack, and bric a brac  domain at the C terminus.
Immune modulation to clear Aβ is a promising therapy for AD, and is based primarily on studies showing that immunization with aggregated Aβ1−42 reduces Aβ plaque burden and associated pathology in mouse brains . Prior and subsequent studies indicated that this effect was likely to be antibody mediated , and resulted in cognitive improvements . These trials were subsequently halted because of meningoencephalitis observed in a small subset of patients .
Sacral neuromodulation, which is elicited by stimulation of the S3 spinal nerve, is an FDA approved treatment for patients with refractory urgency, frequency, urge incontinence, and non obstructive urinary retention . Understanding the mechanisms underlying pudendal neuromodulation could further promote its clinical application . Recent animal studies demonstrated that pudendal neuromodulation is frequency dependent .
Kidney cancer represents one of 10 most common cancers in men and women and is often resistant to chemotherapy. A quarter of these patients have metastatic disease at presentation. The short noncoding microRNAs  suppress protein expression by predominantly binding with imperfect complementarity to the 3′ untranslated region of mRNAs to either repress translation or induce mRNA degradation .
Neurocysticercosis , a major cause of adult onset seizures in endemic areas, is caused by infection of the larval form of the pork tapeworm, Taenia solium. Manifestations of NCC in humans are particularly varied, but the most common symptom is seizures due to cysts lodged in the parenchyma of the brain., Viable parenchymal cysts induce little inflammation. However, during the natural evolution of the infection or as a consequence of antiparasitic treatment, the host initiates a robust inflammatory response to degenerating cysts, which frequently causes seizures.
Aspirin exacerbated respiratory disease  is a distinct syndrome characterized by asthma, chronic sinusitis, nasal polyposis, and sensitivity to aspirin and other non selective inhibitors of cyclooxygenase  . Patients with aspirin sensitivity experience a wide variety of symptoms ranging from nasal congestion, rhinorrhea, and wheezing to life threatening asthma attacks within 23 hours of ingesting aspirin or other non steroidal anti inflammatory drugs  . These reactions do not reflect an IgE mediated allergic process.
This study evaluated service learning program’s impact on senior dentalstudents’ attitude toward community service at Virginia Commonwealth University School of Dentistry. Experience gained through service learning in dental schoolmay positively impact dental students’ attitude toward community service thatwill eventually lead into providing care to the underserved . Two surveys  were administered to 105 senior dentalstudents.
Tissue ischemia and reperfusion injury  are inherent events in solid organ transplantation. Oxygen deprivation followed by the stress of reperfusion induces injury to the vasculature and parenchymal tissues of transplanted organs. Many molecular and cellular mechanisms contribute to the injury provoked by reperfusion of ischemic tissues.
Increasing interest in the use of de cellularized complex whole organ scaffolds for ex vivo tissue engineering has provided both opportunity and also unique challenges. Among the unresolved issues which require clarification include defining optimal, organ specific approaches for de cellularization and for sterilization and storage of de cellularized organs prior to re cellularization . With respect to trachea and lung, a number of recent publications have comparatively assessed different de cellularization protocols.
Ultra high field  in vivo magnetic resonance spectroscopy and spectroscopic imaging confers the intrinsic advantages of increased SNR, spectral resolution and spectral simplification for J coupled resonances. Although these systems have been available since the late 1990s , there have been few reports of their use in spectroscopic imaging  studies . This limitation is largely due to the inherent disadvantages of high field that include: 1) a roughly linear increase in required power for equivalent B1+ generation; 2) a linear increase in the required B1+ and bandwidth to minimize chemical shift dispersion errors and 3) decreasing T2s, requiring short TEs to minimize T2 losses and preserve intensity from J modulating compounds such as glutamate and glutamine.
The cellular response of animals to hypoxia is mediated by a heterodimeric transcription factor, hypoxia inducible factor  . Under hypoxic conditions, HIF upregulates an array of genes including those encoding vascular endothelial growth factor and erythropoietin  that work to counteract the effects of hypoxia. Levels of HIF α, but not HIF β, are regulated directly by oxygen availability .
Primary HCV infection is asymptomatic in the majority of cases, with 50 80% of individuals developing chronic infection . Clearance of HCV has been associated with early, multi specific and sustained CD4+  and CD8+  responses directed against HCV epitopes , and depletion of either CD4+ or CD8+ cells in the chimpanzee model promoted viral persistence . By contrast, no clear correlation has been found as yet between anti HCV humoral responses and viral clearance  .
Solution phase hydrogen/deuterium exchange  coupled with mass spectrometry is a non perturbative method to study protein conformational changes in protein ligand and protein protein interactions . The exchange reaction rate minimizes at pH 2.0 3.0 and at a temperature of ∼0 °C. With MALDI, the back exchange level is even higher  .
FOXO  comprise a subgroup of the winged helix or forkhead transcription factors that regulate a wide range of biological functions, including development, growth, stress resistance, apoptosis, cell cycle, immunity, metabolism, and aging . In humans, four members have been identified: FOXO1 , FOXO3A , FOXO4  and FOXO6. In contrast, activation of FOXO proteins leads to G1 cell cycle arrest, apoptosis, and gluconeogenesis through upregulation of cyclin dependent kinase inhibition p27/kip1 and apoptosis related protein viz.
Adolescence is a critical period of vulnerability for the onset of smoking . Adolescence in rodents, a stage when risk taking and novelty seeking behaviors emerge, has been conservatively defined as the fifth and sixth postnatal weeks . The developmental differences in males are more pronounced than those in females .
The M2 protein of influenza A viruses spans the viral envelope and forms a tetrameric channel that conducts protons across the membrane when the external environment is acidic. Detailed information about how His37 conducts protons has been obtained from solid state NMR studies of phospholipid bound M2 TM peptides . Cation π interaction between His37 and Trp41 was observed in resonance Raman spectra and suggested by molecular dynamics  simulations.
Drug addicted individuals often take drugs despite conscious, well intentioned plans to abstain. Because impaired insight is marked by reduced sensitivity to negative outcomes, poorer treatment outcome, and lowered treatment compliance across various neuropsychiatric disorders  , we reasoned that this deficit could also have important implications for addiction. Discrepancies between self reports and objective indices of behavior, and compromised monitoring of ongoing behavior, as associated with more severe drug seeking, provided the preliminary evidence for impaired insight in addiction.
Translocator protein   is highly expressed in the mitochondria of phagocytic inflammatory cells, including reactive astrocytes and activated microglia in brain . We recently developed what appeared to be an improved radioligand, PBR28, to image TSPO . In contrast, non binding to TSPO has never been reported with   PK 11195, despite its use for more than two decades .
In the United States, PCa is the most common malignancy and second leading cause of cancer related deaths in men . These caveats highlight the urgent need for additional strategies and the agents to effectively manage and control clinical PCa . PI3K is activated in response to diverse mitogenic signals and catalyzes the formation of second messenger lipid phosphatidylinositol 3, 4, 5 triphosphate .
Genome wide association studies  have detected associations between various loci and colon cancer. 8q24, 8q23, 11q23, 3q21, and SMAD7 on 18q21 have all been identified as potentially involved in colon cancer etiology . Of these loci on chromosomal regions of 8q21, biological rationale exists for an association between SMAD7 and colorectal cancer .
Somatic education has become commonplace in many academic dance curricula  and efforts to define the field of ‘somatics’ are ongoing . As more dance professionals embrace the use of somatic education to integrate health and wellness concepts into dance training, ‘these practices can refine bodily perceptions, which can contribute to improvement of technique, aid the development of expressive capacities and prevention of injuries’ . I was forced to think about every step I took and the placement of my body through every motion.
The metastatic potential of a tumor is presumably contained within cells that are able to escape and disseminate from the primary lesion. Consequently, the identification of cytokeratin positive cells  in the peripheral circulation and bone marrow of patients with clinically localized adenocarcinoma of the prostate has generated much interest. However, up to 50% of patients classified as high risk for progression do not develop metastasis, and ∼10% of patients classified as low risk for progression subsequently develop secondary disease .
Natural Killer  cells are lymphocytes of the innate immune system that play an important role in the elimination of neoplastic or virus infected cells. NK cell cytotoxic activity is controlled in part by cell surface receptors for class I MHC that survey potential target cells for aberrant class I expression. KIR and Ly49 genes are expressed in a probabilistic fashion, generating subsets of NK cells with distinct class I MHC recognition properties, .
Ataxin 1  is a member of a family of proteins that includes the transcriptional repressor HBP1, ATXN1, and ATXN1L. Each of these proteins is characterized by the presence of an ataxin 1/HBP1  domain . This 120 amino acid region forms an OB fold  and is implicated in protein protein interactions  as well as protein oligonucleotide binding .
Influenza A virus infections represent a serious challenge to human health and are increasingly recognized as an important agent in community acquired pneumonia . A recent study of CAP hospitalizations during influenza season demonstrated that those patients with a history of prior influenza vaccination had a significantly reduced mortality compared to unvaccinated patients, which portrays the increasingly recognized role of influenza in CAP . Individuals chronically abusing alcohol have a predisposition for CAP and are more prone to severe disease outcomes .
Our sensory environments are full of regularities distributed in space and time. In the auditory domain, for example, preverbal infants who are exposed to a continuous pseudospeech stream for 2 min can learn that some syllables are more likely to co occur than others, providing a bootstrapping mechanism by which “words” can be identified . Studies of statistical learning have explored its power and flexibility, demonstrating for example that it can occur in multiple sensory modalities , in complex dynamic displays , over nonadjacent syllables , despite cover tasks , and without conscious awareness of the regularities .
Multiple myeloma  is a cancer of the plasma cells affecting primarily the elderly, with the highest incidence occurring at the sixth through the eighth decade of life . The overall annual incidence rate of MM in the U.S. from 1973 2005, age adjusted to the 2009 population, was 11.0 and 4.3 per 100,000 person years for blacks and whites, respectively . Worldwide, MM has incidence rate from 0.4 to 5 persons per every 100,000 on a given year, with rates being higher in Western than in Asian countries .
Since the systematic search for antibiotics began, thousands of natural products have been discovered that inhibit protein synthesis by binding to the ribosome. Additional ribosomal inhibitors have emerged from cancer chemotherapy screens. Thus the obvious questions to ask about all of them are:  why do they inhibit protein synthesis, and  why do they have the specificities they do.
A mechanistic link between the prolonged corrected QT interval  and increased risk of fatal arrhythmogenesis is well established by the detailed investigation of the relatively rare monogenic, long QT syndromes . However, QTc prolongation has also been associated with increased risk of SCD in a non long QT syndrome community based cohort of unrelated individuals . Coronary artery disease  is the condition most commonly associated with sudden cardiac death .
High resolution MRI datasets that require high signal to noise can be obtained from chemically fixed human autopsy tissues  to facilitate the interpretation of in vivo imaging studies and help validate MRI characterizations in animal models of disease . It is not possible to collect this data in vivo due to restrictions on the imaging time tolerated by patients, and due to current clinical magnet gradient and field strength limitations. Autopsy tissues for these MRI studies, however, are obtained via immersion fixation at variable times following the patient's somatic death and the cessation of tissue perfusion; this time period is defined as the postmortem interval  .
The entorhinal cortex  provides the majority of connections between the hippocampus and other cortical areas . Principal  neurons in the superficial layers  of the EC receive excitatory glutamatergic afferents from olfactory structures, parasubiculum, perirhinal cortex, claustrum, amygdale and neurons in the deep layers of the EC   as well as inhibitory GABAergic inputs from local interneurons . The axons of stellate neurons in layer II of the EC form the major component of perforant path that innervates the dentate gyrus and CA3  whereas pyramidal neurons in layer III provide the primary inputs to CA1 regions .
Trigeminal nerve mediated pain has a major impact on human health, and significantly debilitates the functioning of the afflicted . Conditions such as migraine headache, trigeminal neuralgia, non migraine headache and dental pain reduce well being and negatively affect productivity and the economy. Unfortunately, many pharmacological approaches to alleviate trigeminal pain are rife with harmful side effects and/or risks of addiction, necessitating a continued search for other methods of pain relief .
Heterosexual contact is the most common mode of HIV transmission among women in the United States. Sexual partnerships are the building blocks of networks through which HIV and other sexually transmitted infections  disseminate. The sequencing, interval between and duration of partnerships, and frequency of sexual interactions influence individual risk of infection and population transmission.
Tyrosine hydroxylase , the rate limiting enzyme for catecholamine neurotransmitter biosynthesis, is essential for proper neurological function. In mice, homozygous disruption of the TH gene is embryonic lethal due to altered cardiac and/or cardiovascular development . By contrast, TH heterozygous mutant mice are viable, fertile with a normal physical appearance, but they have reduced noradrenaline levels in multiple brain regions .
FAN1 possesses 5’ flap endonuclease and 5’ 3’ exonuclease activities and is involved in a DNA ICL damage repair pathway. In ICL repair, FAN1 is thought to co operate with other nucleases to introduce DNA incisions necessary for the efficient unhooking of the ICL. Interestingly, FAN1 inactivation can lead to chronic kidney diseases and autism/schizophrenia, linking defective DNA lesion repair with aging and neurological disorders.
Social insects owe their ecological and evolutionary success in part to an efficient division of labor, most notably between numerous non reproductive workers and one or a few reproductives in each colony. Polyandry may have evolved to improve colony division of labor  or disease resistance . Additionally, multiple mating may have evolved to ensure adequate sperm supply in advanced social insects .
Despite advances in screening and treatment, colorectal cancer  remains the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the USA . Therefore new improved treatments are needed. Thus, identification of the antigens recognized by T cells of CRC patients may permit vaccine development.
The bonding strength of the interfaces within the cemented arthroplasty system has been evaluated using conventional mechanical testing such as reported in . A variety of failure mechanisms have also been observed  during the separation process of the interface, such that the failure characteristics cannot be uniquely quantified by a bonding property . Both material mismatch and mixture of the loading modes may be characterised by a phase angle, ψ=tan−1 at a fixed distance to the crack tip, and the interfacial fracture toughness of a given bimaterial system is known to vary significantly with ψ.
Despite the development of sophisticated in vitro assays for primitive hematopoietic stem cells , transplantation assays remain the gold standard for HSC enumeration. The creation of humanized mice that carry partial or complete human physiological systems may overcome some of these obstacles. HSC xenotransplantation in NOD/SCID mice has proven a useful tool in gaining a better understanding of HSC behavior in vivo.
Cutaneous malignant melanoma  is an etiologically heterogeneous disease with genetic, host, environmental factors, and their interactions contributing to its development. Approximately 10% of CMM cases occur in a familial setting. Together, these two genes account for melanoma susceptibility in a small proportion of melanoma prone families, suggesting the existence of other genetic factors .
The placenta is the primary fetal source of oxygen and nutrients. As such, it is a principal regulator of fetal growth and fetal health. Where the maternal “soil” is not receptive, placentas will not grow, or not robustly.
Several types of intermediate filaments  contribute to the development and maintenance of the neuronal cytoskeleton. These include nestin, internexin and the neurofilament proteins; neurofilament  heavy ,   medium  and   light . These proteins associate with a range of cytoskeletal elements to influence neurogenesis, axon and dendrite growth and survival .
Deafness is one of the most common human health problems, affecting one in 7001000 newborns . Deafness can be caused by gene alterations and environmental factors including ototoxic drugs such as aminoglycoside antibiotics. Mutations in mitochondrial DNA  are one of the important causes of sensorineural hearing loss in some countries .
Anterior cruciate ligament  injury is a devastating injury that occurs with high frequency during sport athletic participation. More than 200 000 ACL injuries are estimated to occur in the United States annually. Previously identified high risk populations include athletes participating in pivoting and cutting sports and female athletes.
Low muscle mass, an important initial indicator of malnutrition , has been reported with chronic infections, particularly tuberculosis and human immunodeficiency virus  , and can lead to adverse health outcomes and increased risk of death . However, it is unknown if chronic hepatitis C virus  infection is associated with low muscle mass, especially prior to the development of cirrhosis. Determination of the prevalence and risk factors for low muscle mass among chronic HCV infected patients is important because such results could help heighten awareness of the need to screen these patients for malnutrition and identify modifiable risk factors that should be addressed by clinicians.
The family Paramyxoviridae contains a number of important human pathogens. Respiratory syncytial virus  is the most common cause of hospitalization of infants and children in the United States . Infection of host cells leads to expression of the viral fusion and attachment proteins at the plasma membrane.
Obesity continues to be a pervasive problem among African Americans. Structural changes are also recommended, but these approaches take considerable effort, especially during economically challenging times when policy changes may be difficult to make if they involve re allocating limited financial resources or could generate new expenses. Similarly, incorporation of weight loss programs into primary care may be challenging., Thus, obesity related behaviors  continue to be high among African Americans; these behaviors have been attributed to lack of awareness, psychosocial characteristics, and socioeconomic variables.
The accelerated increase in obesity over the past two decades  has drawn attention to the effect of body weight not only on cardiovascular disease risk  and other health related outcomes specific to peripheral target organ systems but also on the brain . Further, decreased hippocampal volume has been associated with a greater body mass index  and fat distribution among elderly individuals . Volumetric differences in the gray matter of other brain areas have also been associated with indicators of body weight and fat among otherwise healthy individuals who are lean and obese .
Coronary revascularization is one of the most common adult cardiac surgical procedures, which can often require cardiopulmonary bypass . While CPB provides for myocardial quiescence and a bloodless operative field, myocardial reperfusion and separation from CPB can be associated with transient cardiovascular compromise in the post operative setting. Coincident with the separation from CPB, is the release of bioactive molecules including endothelin  and cytokines .
Infection with HIV continues to negatively impact the central nervous system despite effective combination antiretroviral therapy  that has improved survival rates . In other words, once past young adulthood, most individuals might not have significant changes in education, socioeconomic status, or IQ. Thus, attempting to change these particular cognitive protective factors via an intervention may be difficult to accomplish in adulthood and do not represent the ideal cognitive intervention targets .
Aicardi syndrome  is a severe sporadic neurodevelopmental disorder, originally characterized by a triad of agenesis of the corpus callosum, chorioretinal lacunae, and infantile spasms . Brain abnormalities seen in Aicardi syndrome include complete or partial agenesis of the corpus callosum, periventricular and subcortical heterotopias, polymicrogyria, microcephaly, ventriculomegaly, arachnoid cysts, cerebral asymmetry, inferior vermian hypoplasia, dysplastic and hypoplastic cerebellar hemispheres, enlarged cisterna magna, choroid plexus papillomas, and other intracranial cysts . Affected individuals often have severe infantile spasms that progress with age to complex seizures of varying types .
Schizophrenia is a neuropsychiatric disorder that affects 1% of the population. The etiology of schizophrenia appears to be due primarily to genetic factors, as evidenced by a sibling relative risk of approximately 10 and an estimated heritability of 81% . Brain structure volumes are also affected by schizophrenia.
Macrocycles such as cyclam derivatives show promise as stem cell mobilizers and antivirals, including activity against HIV and related AIDS disease. A fourth class of antiviral agents known as entry inhibitors, target the pre infection cycle of HIV. Maraviroc is an entry inhibitor that specifically targets the chemokine receptor, CCR5.
Obesity is an emerging epidemic in the United States. Currently, over 35% of adults nationwide are considered obese , and the national prevalence of obesity has been climbing steadily since 1980. Due to the increasing prevalence of marked obesity, the World Health Organization and the National Institutes of Health have stratified obesity by BMI, and others have further differentiated class III obesity  to now specifically include extreme obesity  and super obesity.
“Sickness behavior” is widely recognized as an expression ofimmune system activation . Major depressive disorder  is another condition thathas a high prevalence in patients with cancer. Contributing todiagnostic heterogeneity, depressed patients also exhibit a number of symptoms thatare not part of the criteria of a DSM 5 diagnosis of MDD such as pain, decreasedlibido, pessimism, hypochondriasis, and anxiety .
Mass spectrometry has opened new vistas into the probing of biological problems. This approach also provides a highly efficient tool for the better understanding of physiological processes as well as the pathophysiology of disease while significantly shortening sample processing and turnaround time . MALDI MS has certain advantages over other MS techniques.
Women who experience intimate partner violence  are more likely to suffer from health problems than women without IPV . The prevalence of IPV during pregnancy ranges from 6 21% . Intimate partner violence is widespread cutting across all populations; however, it is more prevalent among minorities and women of lower socioeconomic status .
The United States Department of Justice, Bureau of Justice Statistics reported that as of yearend 2011, there were over 2.2 million Americans incarcerated . Compared to the general population, incarcerated individuals, in 2008, were up to 2.5 times more likely to have HIV/AIDS . In addition, high levels of other sexually transmitted diseases  are found within incarcerated populations compared to other US populations  .
Oxygen undoubtedly belongs to the most important analytes on earth. Traditionally, most oxygen sensors were designed for the physiological range. However, numerous applications require monitoring of oxygen at significantly lower concentrations, for example, corrosion protection, surface treatment, the semiconductor industry and biological research.
The hematopoietic system is the most sensitive tissue in the body to the effects of ionizing radiation. Radiation induced damage to hematopoietic stem cells  results in bone marrow failure, which can cause anemia, infection and hemorrhage in irradiated individuals . In addition to its acute effects, the induction of oxidative stress and DNA damage in HSCs are thought to underlie the increased risks that irradiated individuals have for developing long term complications, including myelofibrosis, myelodysplasia and acute leukemia .
Normal function of the retinal tissue depends in part on adequate supply of oxygen. With this technique, oxygen tension nonlinearly depends on the phosphorescence lifetime of an oxygen sensitive molecular probe. However, both LS and RLS methods suffer from certain shortcomings: they do not directly minimize the error for the estimate of parameters of interest but instead optimizes the error for the estimates of intermediate variables.
During the last decade, physical performance measures have gained increased acceptance in the evaluation of functional status of older persons. One of the most commonly used measures of physical performance is the Short Physical Performance Battery . This measure evaluates lower extremity function through tests of gait speed, standing balance, and time to rise from a chair five times.
Nasal chondromesenchymal hamartoma  was first described in 1998 as a rare nasal tumor that typically presents as a unilateral mass in children . The lesion may be expansile and locally destructive, with extension into the intracranial space . In that initial report, there was a child with NCMH and pleuropulmonary blastoma .
Optimal function of the serotonin neural system is critical for numerous and wide ranging outcomes such as mood or affect , anxiety , cognition , metabolic syndrome , sleep , pituitary hormone secretion  and vulnerability to stress . In women, and female animal models, ovarian steroids support serotonin neural function; and loss of ovarian hormones leads to suboptimal serotonin neurotransmission with an accompanying deterioration of supported functions. We have devoted significant effort to understanding the cellular effects of ovarian steroids on the serotonin system in a macaque model of surgical menopause.
Encapsulation of pancreatic islets in semi permeable devices has been an attractive approach for islet transplantation to restore glycemic control in type I diabetic patients. This approach also allows islet tissue to be modulated prior to implantation to improve graft acceptance and thereby improve the efficiency of islet transplantation for diabetic patients as well as help to resolve the shortage of organ sources . A variety of natural and synthetic polymers have been applied to islet encapsulation and achievement of normal glycemia has been reported in rodent and canine models and occasionally in humans .
Similar to light waves, ultrasound waves may be focused onto relatively small volumes, greatly increasing their intensity. Clinical trials are underway to treat breast and kidney tumors , as well as liver  and testicular cancer . These exposures produce effects through non thermal mechanisms  such as structural alterations that can alter tissue permeability.
Bisacodyl is a diphenyl methane laxative that has been used for the treatment of constipation since its introduction into the market in 1952 and, more recently, in facilitating bowel evacuation before investigational procedures  or surgery. Its action appears to be mainly in the large intestine, and it is usually effective within 6 to 12 hours following administration by mouth and within 15 to 60 minutes following rectal administration . Doses of 10 to 20 mg are given by mouth for complete bowel evacuation, followed by 10 mg as a suppository the next morning .
Neuropathic pain is cited as one of the most debilitating consequences of spinal cord injury  . Chronic pain affects approximately two thirds of the injured population, with one third of these patients describing the pain as severe . Opioids are highly effective at treating pain.
Mast cells play an important role in the innate and adaptive immune responses, secreting numerous preformed mediators and cytokines that can recruit as well as polarize other elements of the immune system. We still do not fully understand how the cytoskeleton is altered after crosslinking of FcεRI. Mast cells are best known for their role in mucosal allergic inflammation, in asthma, and in allergen induced urticaria where allergen binding to IgE crosslinks the FcεRI receptors, leading to degranulation and immunopathogenic release of histamine and other mediators of inflammation and tissue remodeling.
A paramount question in neuroscience is to understand the cell cell interactions that control neuronal survival, development, and function. Progress in this field of research, however, has been limited by the inability to separate most individual neuronal populations from neighboring neuronal and glial cell types. Immunopanning is relatively inexpensive, gentle on cells and can produce very good yields .
Joint injury in young adults leads to increased risk for development of osteoarthritis  irrespective of surgical intervention to stabilize the joint. Animal models of joint injury, such as transection of the ACL , show changes in cartilage, bone, synovium, and joint capsule. Together, human and animal studies highlight the complexity of events following joint injury and motivate the need for complementary in vitro studies to isolate particular factors and identify mechanisms of cartilage degradation .
The Electrocardiogram  is a clinical standard for monitoring patient cardiac activity. Its use for imaging synchronization and for physiological monitoring within Magnetic Resonance Imaging  scanners is complicated due to the presence of the MRI static magnetic field , which creates Magnetohydrodynamic  distortions caused by interactions between B0 and blood plasma electrolytes ejected into the aortic arch during early systole . In  MRI, and in large diameter vessels where the direction of the blood flow and B0 is are approximately orthogonal, the large amplitude VMHD may obscure the ECG’s QRS complex  .
Although allogeneic hematopoietic progenitor cell transplant  is curative therapy for many disorders of lymphohematopoiesis, it is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Much of this risk can be traced to graft versus host disease  and the immunosuppressive measures required for its prevention and/or treatment. , Donor lymphocyte infusion  therapy has been used after transplant for a variety of infections including persistent adenovirus, CMV, EBV LPD,,  and hepatitis.
Cancer is driven by the acquisition of somatic DNA lesions. The availability of genomics technologies  have fueled recent studies on these topics,. A challenge to this vision comes from the complexity, redundancy, and errors in genomic data, and the difficulty of investigating the proteome translated portion of aberrant genes using only genomic approaches.
Striped patterns are known to produce visual discomfort and can even induce headaches or epileptic seizures in hypersensitive observers . Similar results were found for photographs of natural scenes or for broadband noise filtered to increase or decrease the energy at medium frequencies. In this study our aim was to explore this idea to ask more generally whether visual discomfort increases as image statistics deviate from those of natural scenes.
A diet rich in fruits and vegetables is associated with a decreased risk of some chronic diseases, such as certain types of cancers . These findings underscore the need for novel approaches to improve the persuasiveness of messages promoting fruit and vegetable intake . However, others reported no tailoring effect on intake , but found support for changes in attitudes and intentions toward increasing intake .
It is highly controversial whether dietary fiber protects against colorectal cancer  because of conflicting results from human cohort based epidemiologic studies . These studies have been complicated by the participants’ genetic heterogeneity, differences in the composition of their gut microbiota, and the utilization of different fiber sources . It also has not been established how dietary fiber might protect against CRC, but two general mechanisms have been proposed that are not mutually exclusive.
The α6 integrin, a laminin receptor, is expressed on tumor cell surfaces and is associated with poor patient prognosis, reduced survival and increased metastasis in a variety of tumors . Integrins are type I transmembrane heterodimers composed of α and β subunits. The heterodimer confers ligand binding specificity to a particular extracellular matrix substrate .
Small molecule inhibitors targeted against “druggable” oncogenic mutations are remarkably effective in the treatment of metastatic cancer. Unfortunately, their efficacy is often limited by the emergence of resistance . One important obstacle to single agent therapies is the presence of vast genetic heterogeneity within a tumor and between metastases .
In mice and humans there are 19 independent Wnt genes, encoding secreted glycoproteins that have diverse and critical roles during embryonic development, in adult tissue homoeostasis and in human diseases . Non canonical Wnts, on the other hand, share certain components with the canonical Wnt pathway such as Fz and Dsh/Dvl, but signal through multiple  catenin independent branches that include the Wnt/Ca2+ and the planar cell polarity  pathways  . In addition to Fz and Dsh/Dvl, the PCP pathway requires a set of distinct “core” proteins such as the tetraspan membrane protein Van Gogh  and the atypical cadherin Flamingo .
Galanin is expressed at high levels in most cells of the developing DRG in late gestation and starts to downregulate in the early postnatal period . After sciatic nerve section , galanin levels in the DRG rise by up to 120 fold , and the peptide is abundantly expressed in ~40% of sensory neurons . The functional significance of these findings has been studied using various pharmacological tools  to modulate galanin signaling and by the phenotypic characterization of transgenic mice bearing loss of function   or gain of function   mutations in the galanin gene.
Increasing evidence indicates that reactive oxygen species  play a critical role in ethanol induced liver injury . ROS can also induce cyclo oxygenation of polyunsaturated fatty acids, including arachidonic acid, leading to the formation of various γ ketoaldehydes . Such ketoaldehydes react with proteins much faster than MDA or 4 HNE, generating covalent protein adducts .
Bacillus anthracis lethal toxin  is composed of lethal factor  and protective antigen . In the cytosol LF cleaves and inactivates members of the mitogen activated protein kinase kinase  family. NOD like receptor proteins, including Nlrp1, are intracellular sensors of danger signals.
Exposure to endogenous and exogenous alkylating agents can trigger substantial cytotoxicity, mutagenicity and carcinogenicity via alkyl adducts at the guanine O6 position. The displaced alkylated guanine deoxyribonucleoside is positioned within the active site such that the alkyl group is in close proximity to the side chain of Cys145, which has a very high reactivity  due to its activation to a thiolate anion by a Glu172 His146 water Cys145 hydrogen bond network . Since AGT is highly protective against the genotoxic effects of many alkylating agents , the observation by Abril and colleagues  that Escherichia coli cells overexpressing hAGT or Ogt, an E. coli homolog of AGT, exhibited enhanced cell killing and mutations when exposed to the bis electrophiles, 1,2 dibromoethane or dibromomethane, was unexpected.
Vaginal bleeding is common in early pregnancy, and has been associated with adverse outcomes. Most studies of vaginal bleeding rely on recalled data, which may be influenced by outcome and other pregnancy events. , No studies have evaluated the accuracy of vaginal bleeding reports in pregnancy .
According to the National Cancer Institute, approximately 10.5 million Americans with a history of cancer are alive . In 2007, about 1.4 million new cancer cases are expected to be diagnosed, and about half a million Americans  are expected to die of cancer. Cancer affects all aspects of patients' lives.
The transplantation of non human organs to human recipients  is regarded as an alternative approach for bridging the gap between the increasing number of patients with end stage organ failure waiting for transplantation and the limited availability of grafts . These reactions include a series of thrombo inflammatory processes termed Immediate Blood Mediated Inflammatory Reaction . The alternative pathway  is constantly activated, albeit at a low rate.
Nationally, homeless youths’ lives are becoming increasingly intertwined with problem substance use. A comprehensive body of literature details the high engagement of homeless youth in substance use, including a high prevalence of injection drug use  and alcohol abuse; oftentimes taking dominance over youths’ commitments and goals. Youths’ viewpoints about drugs, as well as their personal use habits, often are formed from familial drug history, along with the informal support system created with other homeless on the streets.
Obstructive sleep apnea  may arise from any combination of contributions from constricted airway anatomy, physiologic dysfunction of muscles that line the oropharynx, and altered pharyngeal wall compliance. Multiple imaging modalities have been used to study the airway and have supported anatomical differences between patients with and without OSA. The main observation has been that the oropharynx, and specifically the retropalatal region, is smaller in patients with OSA than in controls.
The circulation of autoantibodies against antigens expressed by tumors is a common occurrence in cancer patients. The reaction of GRP78 with its autoantibodies induces an autoimmune response that supports tumor specific tolerance , a phenomenon extensively investigated and attributed to aberrant IgG glycosylation in women with ovarian and endometrial cancers . Aberrantly glycosylated antibodies show an asymmetric oligosaccharide structure due to the presence of an oligosaccharide residue of the high mannose type, inserted in the Fd fragment of the H chain of one of the Fab regions .
UHMWPE mediated osteolysis is a significant complication of total joint replacement, which contributes to decreased implant fixation and limits the long term survival of joint replacement components. , The generation of wear debris is a function of several variables, which include lubrication, sliding distance, specifics of the manufacturing of the UHMWPE component and amount of use of the joint. This is followed by tissue digestion to extract embedded UHMWPE, metal, ceramic and/or bone cement debris.
Prior to the advent of retrograde tracing, cells of origin for fiber tracts were discovered by cutting axons and looking for cells that displayed signs of retrograde degeneration, specifically chromatolysis . Within the context of developing therapies to promote axon regeneration and recovery following spinal cord injury , this is a crucial question that needs a definitive answer. Many therapies currently being explored aim to enhance axon regeneration at the lesion site .
Epithelial mesenchymal transition  is a critical process in malignant progression that confers to epithelial cancer cells the ability to breach basement membranes and metastasize to distant sites . Recent studies have also implicated EMT in the development of chemoresistance  and acquisition of cancer stem cell like properties . This loss of E cadherin is accompanied by concomitant increases in the expression of mesenchymal associated genes, including those encoding vimentin, N cadherin, fibronectin, integrins, and α smooth muscle actin, which bestow a motile phenotype on cancer cells through changes in cellular architecture and cell matrix interactions .
The sleep waking cycle is a key factor influencing the expression of absence epilepsy . AE patients also have increased daytime somnolence . Similar changes in sleep parameters were found in Wistar Albino Glaxo/Rijswijk  rats, an accepted genetic model of human absence epilepsy, including prolonged transitional periods from wakefulness to sleep, lengthened intermediate stage of sleep, more frequently followed by arousals, and decreased REM sleep percentage .
Effective methods to regulate gene expression or protein function within mammalian hosts are essential for understanding basic biological mechanisms as well as directing gene based therapies. Strategies to overcome this limitation have introduced elements of spatial and temporal control over gene expression . The Cre lox system  and tetracycline responsive transcriptional switch  have been used with great success; however, perturbations are either irreversible, or inherent reversibility is dependent upon stability of the protein product, the degradation of which can take days.
In order to establish and maintain the dorso ventrally  or anterior posteriorly  restricted stripes of homeodomain gene expression in the developing embryo it is necessary to coordinate multiple signaling pathways and the assembly of transcription factors on the regulatory DNA of each gene  . Regulation of the DV restricted homeodomain proteins Ventral nervous system defective  and Intermediate neuroblasts defective  in the embryonic neurectoderm has been investigated extensively. For example, initiation of vnd expression is controlled by a 348 bp element located in the first intron of the gene, called the vnd NeuroEctodermal Enhancer  .
The species specific tropism of numerous retroviruses is determined by host cell proteins, termed restriction factors, which inhibit viral replication at numerous stages of the viral life cycle. TRIM proteins, including TRIM5α, are defined by a TRIpartite Motif, which includes an N terminal RING domain, B Box/B Box2 domain and coiled coil domains . The B Box 2 domain has been shown to be important in mediating the cooperative, higher order multimerization of TRIM5α during restriction .
The ATP binding cassette  transporter superfamily members: i) P glycoprotein , ii) multidrug resistance associated protein 1 , and iii) breast cancer resistance protein  are integral plasma membrane efflux pumps . They transport a vast array of lipophilic, amphipathic  substrates against their concentration gradients by hydrolyisis of adenosine triphosphate, limiting substrate cellular influx and retention, thereby conferring a multidrug resistance phenotype . Notably, these transporters share common protein motifs and a degree of substrate overlap .
An important hallmark of Alzheimer's disease  is the accumulation of insoluble hyperphosphorylated and fibrillized tau in neurofibrillary tangles  . Since there is a clear correlation between NFT density and cognitive decline, misfolded and aggregated tau is likely a key pathological agent in AD . This provided evidence that alterations of tau itself can directly lead to neurodegenerative disease and suggested that tau aggregation in the AD brain could, indeed, be involved in disease onset and progression .
Synthetic peptides derived from the HIV 1 inner envelope glycoprotein gp41 represent a new class of HIV 1 entry inhibitors that exert their antiviral activity by blocking viral membrane fusion. In 2003, a 36 mer peptide derived from the C terminal ectodomain of HIV 1 gp41, called Enfuvirtide or T20, was first approved as a drug for the treatment of AIDS patients in US and Europe. However, there are in general several limitations for polypeptides as drug candidates, including poor oral bioavailability and short serum's half life because of their susceptibility to protease digestion.
Adeno associated viral  vectormediated gene transfer has shown potential as a therapeutic platform for inherited and metabolic diseases . Systemic delivery of AAV vectors through the bloodstream is a safe, noninvasive, and potentially effective strategy to target a variety of organs, including liver  and muscle . However, with a prevalence of 30 to 60% in humans , neutralizing antibodies  to AAV constitute a major obstacle, and other studies have shown that these NAbs, even at relatively low titers, block gene transfer when vector is delivered through the vasculature .
Chlamydia trachomatis, a Gram negative obligate intracellular bacterium, is the leading cause of bacterial sexually transmitted disease  worldwide . Genital chlamydial infections are observed predominantly in young adults . In females, the majority of cases are left untreated due to lack of symptoms and despite availability of efficacious antimicrobial therapy .
Apolipoprotein B  is the essential protein responsible for the formation of chylomicrons from the small intestine and very low density lipoproteins  from the liver. The translation of apoB begins with a 24 or 27 amino acid signal peptide that targets the synthesis of apoB to the rough endoplasmic reticulum  of hepatocytes and enterocytes, thus committing the protein to a secretory pathway  . Mounting evidence has demonstrated the correlation between triglyceride synthesis and lipoprotein secretion.
In patients undergoing liver resection, the optimal future liver remnant  volume required for safe recovery is uncertain. Portal vein embolization  has become an important means to increase the FLR volume prior to major hepatectomy and thereby reduce postoperative liver failure. After an ill defined period of time, usually 4  6 weeks, repeat imaging is used to determine if the minimum volume has been achieved and to decide if it is then safe to proceed to surgery.
Corynebacterineae is a suprageneric actinomycetes group that includes the causative agents of the human diseases tuberculosis, leprosy and diphtheriae, by Mycobacterium tuberculosis, Mycobacterium leprae, and Corynebacterium diphtheriae, respectively. The cell wall core of these bacteria is made up of an unusual matrix composed of a cross linked peptidoglycan covalently bound to arabinogalactan  chains, which in turn are linked to mycolic acids, allowing the attached lipids to form the inner leaflet of an outer membrane. This complex is often referred as mycolyl arabinogalactan peptidoglycan  complex  .
Increasing evidence suggests that neurotrophic factors may be an ideal therapeutic target for the treatment of both neurodegenerative diseases and psychiatric diseases. Parkinson’s disease  is a neurodegenerative disease characterized by selective and progressive death of nigrostriatal dopaminergic  neurons. Consequently, identifying compounds that can induce endogenous secretion of neurotrophic factors would be of great significance in the treatment of PD .
Polychlorinated biphenyls  are a group of 209 chemically related compounds, which differ in both number and position of the chlorines on the biphenyl moiety  . PCBs were discovered over 100 years ago and first commercially manufactured in 1930s. For several decades, they were also routinely used in the manufacturing of a wide variety of common products such as plastics, adhesives, paints and varnishes .
The ubiquitin fold modifier 1  is a crucial post translational modifier that belongs to the ubiquitin like protein  family. The Ufm1 cascade  has been implicated in endoplasmic reticulum  homeostasis  and cell cycle control . The Ufm1 cascade is also involved in various diseases including cancer .
Arthritis and rheumatic conditions are the leading cause of disability in the United States, affecting approximately 46 million adults, with estimated total medical costs of &dollar;128 billion annually. Osteoarthritis , the most common arthritic condition, is characterized as “a range of disorders that result in structural and functional failure of synovial joints when the dynamic equilibrium between the breakdown and repair of joint tissues is overwhelmed.” The prevalence of OA has been estimated to be 12% in people 25 and older and increases to almost 68% in people aged 65 and older. It has been recently reported that, along with osteoporosis, OA is a major health problem in postmenopausal women, and the condition is more debilitating in this population.
Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia  is the most common malignancy of childhood and adolescence, with this age group comprising approximately two thirds of the 4000 total cases diagnosed annually in the United States. Over the past few decades there have been significant improvements in ALL treatment outcomes, resulting in five year event free survival rates of nearly 90%. Recent research has begun to examine more specific and functional cognitive processes.
The transforming growth factor beta  family of cytokines, including TGF β s and bone morphogenetic proteins , exerts diverse functions in many types of cells and tissues. In addition, the MH2 domain is critical for the nucleocytoplasmic shuttling of Smad2 and Smad3, and the MH1 domain of Smad3  contains a hairpin structure that is responsible for DNA binding ; ; ). Casein kinase 1  is a family of evolutionarily conserved serine/threonine kinases including seven known members in vertebrates .
DNA methylation is an epigenetic mark that is critical in determining chromatin accessibility and regulating gene expression. Abnormalities in the DNA methylation pathway are associated with pathological consequences. A complete deficiency of the DNA methyltransferase DNMT1 is incompatible with life.
Nocturia is defined by the International Continence Society  as waking at least once nightly to void, with each void preceded and followed by sleep. Its prevalence increases significantly with age, and is approximately 70% among individuals > 60 years of age. Nocturia and insomnia are inextricably linked, and it is often difficult to determine the direction of this relationship.
Travelers' diarrhea  affects 2050% of persons from developed nations who visit developing countries. Although bacterial pathogens as a group are the most common cause of acute diarrhea in travelers, parasites have been associated with persistent and chronic diarrhea. Common causal organisms of parasitic diarrhea in travelers are Cryptosporidium spp., In adults, seropositivity to Cryptosporidium is an indicator of past or recent infection and is also a marker of partial protection against the parasite.
Out of Hospital Cardiac Arrest is a leading cause of mortality in the United States. However, patients may often lose pulses after ROSC, a clinically significant event termed rearrest . Two independent studies have previously sown that RA occurs in approximately 3839% of cases and that RA is negatively associated with survival., Medical providers in the out of hospital setting detect RA through the electrocardiogram  by identifying non pulsatile rhythms such as ventricular fibrillation , ventricular tachycardia , pulseless electrical activity , or asystole  as well as a physical check for pulse presence by palpating an artery.
Steroid receptor coactivator 3  is a member of the p160 SRC family. SRC 3 has histone acetyltransferase activity and interacts with multiple nuclear receptors and transcription factors, to regulate the expression of their target genes, including estrogen receptor , progesterone receptor , E2F1, nuclear factor kB  and activator protein 1  . SRC 3 also plays a role in EGFR signaling  .
Japanese quail is widely being used as a model  in research in a variety ofdisciplines including physiology, nutrition, endocrinology, pathology, embryology,reproduction and immunology. Physiological and anatomical parameters serve asvaluable tools for predicting outcomes consequences . Growth rate, a key morphologicalcharacteristic, has been positively correlated with robustness, physiology andbehavior of birds .
Despite a better understanding of cancer genes , the survival rates of many human tumors have only marginally improved over several decades. This likely reflects the extraordinary molecular and genetic heterogeneity of the transformed cell , which, combined with the multilayer redundancy of cancer signaling pathways , promotes cellular adaptation and multidrug resistance . These challenges are exemplified by glioblastomas, a group of heterogeneous and highly malignant primary brain tumors with survival rates that rarely exceed 12 to 15 months after diagnosis .
Kaposi sarcoma associated herpesvirus  ORF57, a homologue of HSV 1 ICP27, EBV EB2, and HCMV UL69, is a viral early protein which plays important roles at the posttranscriptional level for virus gene expression . When the KSHV genome contains a disrupted ORF57, it results in both inefficient expression of a subset of viral lytic genes and poor production of infectious virions . ORF57 is important for the viral life cycle because it promotes viral RNA splicing and enhances the expression of viral intronless genes .
Perfluorooctanoic acid  and other perfluorochemicals  have recently been associated with adverse health effects, including carcinogenicity , hepatotoxicity , and developmental and reproductive toxicity . An evolving body of experimental animal research suggests PFOA has ability to disrupt endocrine signaling and, subsequently, to mitigate metabolic and vascular functions . PFCs repel grease/oil and are used to treat clothing and carpet to prevent staining, and in the manufacturing of certain food containers and wrappers.
More than half of all persons with cancer diagnoses are over the age of 65, with the incidence increasing with age. Up to 90% of patients with advanced cancer experience significant pain that requires intervention. Also, cancer pain is frequently undertreated and underprescribed.
The fabrication of artificial organs and engineered living tissues is dependent on the ability to generate and assemble novel materials into appropriate 2 D or 3 D structures and to precisely tailor material related properties to achieve a desired clinical response. In the late 1990s, our group was the first to demonstrate that electrospinning could be used to fabricate native and recombinant elastin mimetic proteins and native collagen into non woven fiber networks comprised of nanometer scale fibers that more closely mimic native scaffolds . To date, this strategy has been used to design amphiphilic multiblock proteins  ranging from 100 to 200 kDa in molecular weight .
Cells in early apoptosis are normally not immunogenic, are rapidly cleared from circulation  and do not induce autoantibody production . Conversely, apoptotic cell clearance can be defective in SLE, resulting in accumulation of circulating nucleosomal material , In addition, epitopes of some nuclear antigens targeted in SLE, including histones, become accessible on apoptotic cells . Nucleic acid binding is a shared characteristic amongst common lupus autoantibody targets.
Bile salts, multifunctional, amphipathic end products of cholesterol metabolism, vary considerably in structure between species . After their synthesis, bile alcohols are esterified with sulfate; C27 bile acids are N acylamidated  with taurine; and C24 bile acids, with taurine or glycine. In early evolving fish and amphibians, C27 bile alcohols dominated; in most later evolving fish the common C24 5β  bile acids, chenodeoxycholic acid  and cholic acid  were the major bile acids.
Extensive coverage of human genetic variation is now readily available . The utility of currently available genetic data resources is immense, and many successful findings have resulted . However, it is also important to recognize the limitations, especially with respect to identifying the less common underlying variants that are sure to exist .
The American Cancer Society estimates that 178,480 women were diagnosed with breast cancer in the U.S. in 2007 . HER2 is a member of the epidermal growth factor receptor  family of tyrosine kinases, which includes HER1/erbB1 , HER2/erbB2, HER3/erbB3, and HER4/erbB4. These receptors regulate a wide range of cellular processes including proliferation, differentiation, motility, survival, angiogenesis, invasion and anti apoptotic functions .
Prion diseases are fatal neurodegenerative disorders of mammals caused by the conformational conversion of the cellular, GPI linked prion protein, PrPC, into a β sheet rich, aggregated isoform known as PrPSc . vCJD in humans is believed to have been caused by consumption of beef products contaminated with BSE prions. This disproportionately low incidence of infection was very fortunate, yet it was unexpected by most scientists, and has led to speculation of specific risk factors associated with the vCJD infected individuals .
Tissue factor pathway inhibitor  is a potent inhibitor of coagulation. When tissue factor  is exposed with damage to the vessel wall, it initiates coagulation via factor VII. TFPI reversibly binds and inactivates factor Xa and the TFPI Xa complex inhibits factor VIIa TF complexes.
Insulin action is essential for growth, development, and metabolism. Upon stimulation with insulin, insulin receptor  stimulates its intrinsic tyrosine kinase activity and phosphorylates IR substrate 1 . In contrast with the positive effect of tyrosine phosphorylation of IRS1, serine phosphorylation actually inhibits the function of IRS1 .
Genetic variability in the envelope glycoproteins of HIV 1 is one of the most important obstacles to overcome in the development of an effective vaccine. A high rate of mutation, combined with immune selection pressures and super infections, have given rise to multiple genetic subtypes and circulating recombinant forms  of the virus that need to be targeted by a globally effective vaccine. Subtype C is the most prevalent subtype worldwide, accounting for the majority of infections in sub Saharan Africa, China  and India  the most populous regions affected by HIV 1 .
Spatial compounding techniques are widely used in ultrasound to suppress speckle noise and improve image quality . Shear compounding also improves the contrast of shear elasticity maps for inclusions with complex geometries and various inhomogeneities, because differently angled shear waves can illuminate and produce good elasticity maps of different parts of the inclusion, which can then be compounded to obtain a robust elasticity map of the whole inclusion . In practice, however, there are some challenges involved with shear compounding.
The development of protective T cell based antitumor immunity is critically dependent upon the normal function of DCs. However, clinical results to date have yielded minimal success , and the reasons for this remain unclear . Many tumors, including human breast cancers, contain appreciable numbers of tumor infiltrating DCs   but the stimulatory capacity of these DCs is often compromised .
Reading is a learned ability specific to humans. Skilled reading relies upon the integration of multiple brain regions, and recruitment of and communication among these regions likely strengthen over time. Functional imaging studies have identified left hemisphere frontal, temporal and parietal regions that are activated during reading tasks , and cross sectional studies have reported variations in brain structure in similar areas in children as a function of reading skills .
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy  is increasingly used for the noninvasive assessment of cellular metabolism, both in vitro  and in vivo . Phosphorous  MRS measures signals from endogenous metabolites such as ATP, indicative of cellular energy status, as well as phosphocholine , phosphoethanolamine , glycerophosphocholine , and glycerophosphoethanolamine  arising from the synthetic and degradative pathways of major phospholipids . Proton  MRS can measure the total choline  peak consisting of PC, GPC, free choline, and corresponding ethanolamine metabolites .
The receptor tyrosine kinase HER2 is amplified and/or overexpressed in 2030% of all breast cancers , leading to constitutive proliferative and survival signaling via the downstream Ras/Erk and PI3K/Akt pathways. Amplification or overexpression of HER2 is associated with poor prognosis, and perturbation of HER2 signaling with trastuzumab or lapatinib has led to clinical benefit in HER2 positive breast cancer patients . However, many patients with early stage disease experience tumor recurrence despite adjuvant treatment with trastuzumab, and patients with metastatic disease inevitably develop resistance to anti HER2 therapies .
Intracellular lipid containing structures are found in many cell types in nature. They have been designated various terms depending upon the field of study, including lipid inclusions, lipid bodies, lipid droplets, lipid globules, adiposomes, granules, oleosomes, plastoglobules, or oil bodies. Due to the majority of literature referring to lipid droplets  and suggestions to adopt this term , LDs will be used as a general descriptor for the cyanobacterial structure central to this work .
Engineered biomaterials have been developed for degradable hydrogels and advanced drug delivery, but to fully assess their effectiveness, there is a need to track their fate in vivo, noninvasively. Contrast agents , which increase the relaxation rate of water molecules and can help to increase the contrast between tissues of interest, are widely used in experimental and clinical settings. The efficiency of a MRI CA at relaxing surrounding protons is given by its relaxivity, which describes the change in relaxation rate in the surrounding protons per unit of agent concentration.
Parkinson’s disease  is a chronic neurologic disorder with cardinal motor signs of muscle rigidity, tremor, slowness of movement , and/or paucity of movement . The fact that lesions placed in the globus pallidus internus  significantly ameliorate most of these signs indicates that the GPi plays an important role in the pathophysiology of parkinsonian motor signs . Although classical models of PD pathophysiology focus on altered GPi firing rates, growing evidence suggests that an increased prevalence of burst discharges  may be more important in the pathophysiology of PD .
Behavioral theory posits that environmental context is an important determinant of risk for substance use disorders. This conceptualization of drug abuse has been supported by research demonstrating a robust relationship between availability of alternative, non drug reinforcers and the probability of substance use. Aside from the contingency management  studies noted above, few published studies have examined the relationship between drug use and involvement with alternative, non drug reinforcers in the natural environment.
Cancer testis  antigens are a category of tumor antigens with restricted expression in normal testis and active expression in various types of tumors due to disruption of gene regulation . Since CT antigens are immunogenic and their expression is highly restricted to tumors, they represent an ideal target for tumor immunotherapy . Mage3 has been characterized as a more frequently expressed CT antigen in many tumors, including melanoma, non small cell lung carcinoma, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, and hepatocellular carcinoma .
Methadone maintenance is one of the most widespread treatments for opioiddependence. Methadone maintenance provides opioid dependent individuals stabilityto initiate pro social lifestyle changes. Due to the long term nature of methadonetreatment, it is important to assess the extent of cognitive side effects that mayaffect clinical improvement, treatment compliance, and daily functioning .
The latest view of philosophers is that color is an objective material property  not a subjective experience. However, those who study visual perception know that surrounding colors have a great influence on color perception . It is not known how the visual system integrates form and color but it is now widely believed that the primary visual cortex, V1, plays an important role  .
Infants in the neonatal intensive care unit  are exposed to a large number of medications, most of which are not labeled for use in infants because clinical trials for safety, dosing, and efficacy of drugs are lacking in this population. Hospitalized infants are often excluded from clinical trials due to ethical concerns and difficulties with recruitment. Furthermore, these hospitalized infants in the NICU are more likely to be pre term, with greater proportions exhibiting renal and hepatic dysfunction.
Since the introduction of cytological screening in the 1940s, the incidence of cervical carcinoma has declined in many developed countries . Considerable efforts have been made to classify preneoplastic and neoplastic lesions , and an association between HPV infection, especially high risk HPV types 16 and 18, and the development of precancerous lesions has been proposed . Nevertheless, prospective studies of cervical neoplasia suggest that HPV infection alone is not responsible for tumor development and additional genetic or epigenetic changes in tumor cells are required for tumorigenesis  .
Theoretical advances in cognitive science have recently been applied to intervention research  and translated into curricula designed to promote metacognition and use of analytic strategies in adolescents’ general decision making . These applications have implications for the treatment of adolescents with problems resulting from poor choices . Adolescents who enter treatment or education programs often do not recognize that their problems typically result from distorted thinking strategies .
The inbred DBA/2J  mouse strain is a well established model of spontaneously elevated intraocular pressure , progressive glaucomatous loss of retinal ganglion cells , and early damage of RGC axons at the level of optic nerve head, which represent the hallmarks of glaucoma . Photoreceptors, horizontal, and bipolar cells remain histologically intact . The iris disease is clearly visible at ∼ 6 months and progresses with age, and is associated with increased IOP .
2,3,7,8 Tetracholordibenzo p dioxin  is a potent and persistent environmental toxicant, which produces a variety of biological effects in animal and cellular models . Of these effects, immune suppression including inhibition of B lymphocyte differentiation into antibody secreting cells is one of the most sensitive consequences of TCDD exposure . The AhR and its dimerization partner AhR nuclear translocator  are believed to regulate transcription by binding dioxin responsive elements  in regulatory regions of dioxin sensitive genes .
The ε4 allele of the apolipoprotein E gene  is the strongest known genetic risk factor for late onset Alzheimer's disease  . Other genetic factors, such as APOE promoter polymorphisms have been reported to be associated with AD, including −491, −427, −219 , and +113 . ApoE plasma levels have been reported to be lower in AD compared to the mildly cognitively impaired .
Although prostate cancer is the most frequent malignancy detected in men in Western Countries, there is a general lack of information regarding the molecular mechanisms involved in the progression of this cancer. To identify the cellular processes and proteins that are involved in the development of prostate cancers, tissue expression microarrays have been used to monitor the changes in gene expression during malignant transformation. Microarray data from 174 human epithelial tumours highlighted myosin VI as one of the genes most frequently over expressed in prostate and breast cancer tissues .
Several methods have been established that enable the production of transgenic livestock including pronuclear injection, intracytoplasmic sperm injection , sperm mediated gene transfer and somatic cell nuclear transfer . These methodologies, each having advantages, have all been utilized to create transgenic large animals. Fetal fibroblasts have become the most used somatic cell for the production of transgenic livestock because they are easily collected and cultured, capable of being genetically modified, and posses the ability to produce live offspring.
Schizophrenia is a debilitating psychiatric disorder that typically strikes in early adulthood, likely due to a disturbance of synaptic maturation or stabilization processes that normally occur in dendritic spines during adolescence . Thus, a comprehensive understanding of the cellular and molecular mechanisms that control synapse development and dendritic spine stability should lead to better strategies to treat and prevent schizophrenia . Genetic susceptibility and environmental stressors are both major risk factors for schizophrenia.
Many everyday objects involve distinctive manipulations with certain motor movements appropriate to their intended usage. A doorknob, for instance, is typically associated with grabbing and turning motions. In an auditory lexical decision task, participants made a significantly faster decision about the target word  following a related prime that shared manipulation features with the target  than an unrelated prime .
Several chronic inflammatory diseases affecting the gastro intestinal tract, as well as a variety of other organ systems, are associated with alterations in gut microbiota composition, suggesting involvement of the microbiota in these disorders . Hence, ablation of the microbiota via use of germ free mice and/or antibiotic treatment prevents development of disease in mouse models of inflammatory diseases . For example, loss of the flagellin receptor toll like receptor 5  results in increased levels of flagellated microbes that promotes low grade inflammation, metabolic syndrome and colitis .
Hypertension affects 30% of adults in Western populations and predisposes to myocardial infarction, stroke, heart failure and renal failure., Recently our laboratory and others have demonstrated a role of inflammation and the adaptive immune system in the genesis of hypertension., Several studies have shown that RAG 1−/− mice, which lack lymphocytes, are partly protected against hypertension caused by angiotensin II, DOCA salt challenge and norepinephrine. Adoptive transfer of T cells restores hypertension in these animals. have shown that T cells play a role in hypertension in Dahl salt sensitive rats.
An increased demand for recombinant proteins in research and biopharmaceutical applications has led to increased production of these biomolecules, which in turn requires fast, effective purification processes. Membrane adsorbers, on the other hand, are attractive because the flow of solution through membrane pores containing immobilized ligands enhances the rate of mass transport to these ligands to decrease diffusion limitations. ,, Moreover, scale up of membrane separations can occur relatively easily by increasing membrane surface area, and the large pores and small thicknesses of membranes result in a low pressure drop.
Currently in the US, up to 60% of all pregnancies occur in women who are either overweight or obese at conception . Further support for developmental programming imprinted by maternal obesity comes from observations that children born to women following weight loss after bariatric surgery have diminished risk of obesity compared to children born to the same women prior to the surgery when they were obese . Despite these findings, markers indicative of metabolic programming remain yet to be identified .
Type 2  diabetes mellitus  is an emerging epidemic in Western cultures that is thought to afflict 150 million people worldwide . Insulin resistance is frequently accompanied by a variety of metabolic and cardiovascular abnormalities that include hypertension, glucose intolerance, Type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, atherosclerosis and central obesity. It is thought that the beneficial effects of exercise on muscle are mediated through activation of various signaling cascades which are involved in regulating changes in gene expression, glucose uptake, and protein synthesis .
The impact of a postoperative troponin elevation on long term survival after vascular surgery is not well defined. We hypothesize that a postoperative troponin elevation is associated with significantly reduced long term survival . The Vascular Study Group of New England registry identified all patients who underwent carotid revascularization, open abdominal aortic aneurysm repair , endovascular AAA repair, or infrainguinal lower extremity bypass .
Excessive renal sympathetic nerve activity  has been proposed to be a final common pathway for the genesis of hypertension, the largest global contributor to premature death. More recently, Mu and colleagues reported that chronic adrenergic activation, by norepinephrine  or isoproterenol, causes salt sensitive hypertension by activating the thiazide sensitive Na Cl cotransporter  in the kidney; they postulated that this effect was mediated by glucocorticoid dependent effects on WNK4. WNK effects are mediated primarily by activation of two kinases, SPAK  and OxSR1 .
The Monopolar spindle one binder  family of zinc binding proteins is conserved from yeast to humans . Mobs are found in complexes with kinases, and may function as activating subunits, similar to cyclins . The founding Mob members, S. cerevisiae Mob1p and Mob2p, activate Dbf 2 kinases and facilitate exit from mitosis .
Leukocyte telomere length has been inversely associated with multiple diseases including osteoporosis, hypertension, myocardial infarction , coronary heart disease , type 2 diabetes , and Alzheimer’s disease. As loss of telomeric DNA is impacted by cell division and oxidative stress, and induces cellular senescence, telomere length has been postulated as a biomarker of senescence and human aging in many published studies, . Inter individual variation in telomere length at birth and subsequent years is attributed to by both genetic and environmental factors that start in utero.
Subject specific musculoskeletal models are essential to biomedical research and clinical applications, such as customized joint replacement , computer aided surgery , gait analysis  and automated image segmentation . For example, reliability and wear of implants are dependent upon the stress distribution in the bone , which is primarily determined by implant properties . Computer aided orthopaedic surgery requires a geometrical model of the patient’s bone that can reproduce at least its basic morphological aspects and dimensions.
Recombinant adeno associated virus  is a nonpathogenic parvovirus that has shown great promise for efficient gene delivery to both dividing and nondividing cells of many tissues. With new rAAV serotypes continuing to be identified, the ability to target specific cell types within a given organ is also expanding. However, some studies have demonstrated that rAAV vectors are capable of persisting in hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells  and germline stem cells, because of their integration into the genome.
Warfarin  is an anticoagulant with a narrow therapeutic window and wide inter individual response. The inclusion of non genetic factors can explain an additional one fifth of warfarin dosing variability . Incorporating other SNPs may further improve the accuracy of warfarin dosing  .
The complement system is an essential element of the innate immune system . The lack of any complement component may severely disturb host defenses. Complement component C4 plays a central role in classical and lectin complement activation pathways.
Physiological signals are transduced from the outside of a cell to the cytoplasm through transmembrane receptors. Unfortunately, analysis of membrane protein structure by NMR has been difficult to perform due to these proteins’ amphiphilic nature, which requires study in membrane like environments, amino acid redundancy in TM domains resulting in spectral overlap, and challenges in the preparation of the isotopically labeled proteins required for high resolution NMR measurements. A number of GPCRs can reassemble from fragments as judged by reconstitution of native signaling activity or spectroscopic properties .
Fibrosis is a common feature of many systemic inflammatory conditions and can also occur as a primary progressive disease. Collectively, fibrosis is the leading cause of death in developed countries. Unfortunately, despite intense investigation, we still have a poor understanding of the pathogenesis of tissue fibrosis and fibrotic diseases are difficult to treat.
Chronic changes in electrical excitability profoundly affect synaptic transmission during development and throughout life. Neurons adapt to changing electrical activity patterns in a plastic manner by up  or down regulating subsequent synaptic signaling. Because it is of opposite polarity to the inducing stimulus, homeostatic plasticity may be an important adaptive response to prevent excitotoxicity or runaway excitation, or simply to keep Hebbian mechanisms  from saturating synaptic machinery .
The nucleus accumbens , a key brain reward region, is important for integrating sensory and cognitive inputs that drive motivationally relevant behaviors in response to environmental stimuli . The NAc also has been implicated in behavioral abnormalities associated with drug addiction and depression. Accordingly, targeting the NAc with deep brain stimulation  has been shown to alleviate depression  and addiction like behaviors in both humans and rodents  .
Axotomy is a principal pathology generated by traumatic brain injury , resulting in synaptic deafferentation , and inducing synapse reorganization at sites of terminal loss . Two mechanisms controlling reinnervation are acute inflammation , and activation of extracellular matrix  molecules surrounding synapses . Acute postinjury inflammation activates local glia to remove degenerated axons, as well as provides growth factors for axon sprouting and repopulation of postsynaptic sites.
Stroke is the fourth leading cause of death and the leading cause of serious long term disability in adults in the United States . Revascularization is induced by shear fluid stress and consists of arteriogenesis, or an improvement in collateral blood flow through pre existing vasculature in the early phase after ischemic injury. Thus, post stroke angiogenesis is an important target for therapeutic interventions.
Mitochondrial permeabilization and cyt c release are key events that trigger caspase activation and apoptosis in mammalian cells . Indeed, mitochondrial release of cyt c has been considered the point of commitment to death for most mitotic cells . Strictly regulating apoptosis after the point of cyt c release is particularly important for neurons so that they can recover from any mitochondrial damage and survive long term .
Semaphorins are a large class of secreted or membrane associated proteins that act as chemotactic cues for cell migration and axon guidance . Although best characterized in the nervous system , they are widely expressed in other tissues where they have a role in angiogenesis, organogenesis, and immune cell regulation . There is a growing body of evidence suggesting that semaphorins and their receptors may play a regulatory role in carcinogenesis  .
Candida species are a leading cause of infectious disease related morbidity and mortality in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. , The incidence of candidemia in extremely low birth weight neonates  is 7% and the incidence is 12% in neonates < 750 g birth weight. Candidemia has an attributable mortality of 2030% and frequently results in severe morbidity, including neurodevelopmental impairment, among survivors .
Native collaterals are pre existing arteriole to arteriole anastomoses that bridge adjacent arterial trees in healthy tissues. Evidence suggests that conductance of the collateral circulation also differs greatly in healthy humans. This variance arises, presumably, from interactions among as yet unidentified genetic and/or environmental factors that regulate formation  and maintenance of the native collateral circulation  .
Geobacter sulfurreducens biofilms are a well studied electro chemically active biofilm system that utilizes conductive elements to respire on electrodes . The conductivity of G.sulfurreducens biofilms and the mechanism of conduction through the biofilm are novel concepts which deserve attention in order to understand the electrophysiology of microbially driven electrochemical systems where electrons travel long distances to reach the electrode . EIS has been used to monitor the biofilm impedance of G.sulfurreducens biofilms over time both in anodic half cells as well as in microbial fuel cells.
Within the antioxidant system, manganese superoxide dismutase  is found in the mitochondrial matrix, from which approximately 75% of cellular superoxide  is generated. These findings implicate H2O2 as an important mediator for the inhibition of cell growth induced by MnSOD overexpression. In the mitochondrial microenvironment, there are many electron transport enzymes containing iron and the reaction between H2O2 and Fe2+ can lead to either the production of HO• via the metal catalyzed Haber Weiss reaction or the production of ferryl or perferryl species .
The use of microfluidic platforms for screening and assays has become an important part of the analytical toolbox  . Strategies for generation of droplets exist from on demand   to kHz frequencies  , and these strategies are being incorporated for the analysis of biological samples. In contrast to the various methods available for the effective encapsulation of species into droplets, techniques for the sensitive readout and analysis of droplet contents are much more lacking  .
Mature human immunodeficiency virus type 1  protease  is an aspartic protease that is responsible for processing the Gag and Gag Pol polyproteins to yield mature proteins required for viral maturation. Due to its critical role, the protease has been a valuable target for structure based drug design. Although several PR inhibitors are in clinical use, selection of drug resistant variants hampers the long term effectiveness of these inhibitors.
The congenital long QT syndrome  is an inherited channelopathy that is characterized by a prolonged corrected QT interval  and an increased predisposition for polymorphic ventricular arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death  in young individuals without structural heart disease. Genetic mutations leading to LQTS have been identified in 12 susceptibility genes, with the LQT1 3 genotypes comprising more than 95% of genotype positive LQTS. Prior studies have shown that prolongation of the corrected QT interval  is a major risk factor for arrhythmic events in LQTS patients.
KRAS is a small G protein that acts as a transducer in the epidermal growth factor receptor  signaling pathway . Approximately 40% of colorectal cancers  harbor activating mutations in KRAS, making it the most commonly mutated gene in the RAS/RAF/MAPK pathway. G12V mutated CRC were insensitive to cetuximab, p. G13D mutated cells were sensitive, as were KRAS wild type cells  .
Attempts and approaches at manipulating p53 activity in treating human cancer have been numerous and diverse. For example, viral mediated introduction and expression of wild type TP53 in p53 defective tumor cells has been extensively investigated for more than a decade, including through clinical trial activity . Alternative approaches for increasing tumor cell wild type p53 activity include the use of small molecules that promote p53 transcription, and the use of compounds that inhibit p53’s interaction with mdm2  .
Dysregulation of apoptosis in the bone marrow is a central feature in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome  . Clonal expansion of autoreactive T lymphocytes is observed in many patients , and upregulation of tumor necrosis factor α and TNF related apoptosis inducing ligand  occurs in almost all patients . TRAIL  induces apoptosis preferentially in neoplastic cells .
HMN 176  4 { amino] stilbazole} 1 oxide) is a newly synthesized sulfonamide derivative that exhibits potent anti proliferative activity in human tumor cell lines, especially breast, non small cell lung, and ovarian tumors . The drug is also cytotoxic to drug resistant human and murine cell lines . When adriamycin resistant human ovarian cancer cells  are exposed to HMN 176, the expression of the multi drug resistance gene MDR1 is down regulated, apparently due to the ability of HMN 176 to prevent NF Y transcription factor binding to the MDR1 promoter .
Stroke is a major cause of serious, long term disability in the United States, with an estimated 795,000 strokes occurring every year. Higher chronic stroke costs for younger individuals, however, suggest the primary effects of the condition are increasingly felt long after the acute phase of recovery., Displacement from productive work and community roles has substantial financial and health consequences as individuals live longer with stroke . Although it is possible that a percentage of these individuals were not working prior to stroke, these statistics highlight a discrepancy between anticipated work performance following hospital discharge and the actual performance of these individuals in their places of employment.
Retinal ganglion cells  carry different aspects of visual signals from retina to visual cortex through separated parallel synaptic pathways. In the retina, the separation of these synaptic pathways relays on the precise synaptic connections between RGCs and bipolar cells  at distinct stratum of the inner plexiform layer  of the retina. In mammalian retina, light stimulation hyperpolarizes the membrane potentials of photoreceptors and decreases the synaptic release of glutamate from these cells.
Pediatric anxiety disorders affect approximately 10 15% of children and adolescents, and are associated with significant, enduring impairment, Although research on pediatric anxiety disorders is rapidly growing, knowledge of pathophysiology remains limited. While extensively used, this task is criticized because performance may reflect processes beyond attention, such as interference in response selection or execution. , The stimuli then disappear and one is replaced by a target probe.
Military veterans who participated in atmospheric nuclear weapons testing conducted by the United States between 1945 and 1963 are being studied for late occurring health effects. The study cohort consists of 115,329 individuals who were present in one or more of seven test series: CASTLE, CROSSROADS, GREENHOUSE, REDWING, and HARDTACK I conducted at the Bikini and Enewetak Atolls and Johnston Island in the Pacific Proving Grounds ; UPSHOT KNOTHOLE and PLUMBBOB conducted at the Nevada Test Site ; and TRINITY, the first nuclear test, conducted in New Mexico . This article describes the methodology developed to estimate radiation doses and associated uncertainties to be used for the epidemiological analysis .
Despite high survival rates for early stage breast cancer, it is still the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the United States. This is due to the poor survival associated with late stage, invasive disease and treatment resistant breast cancers. RON is minimally expressed in normal breast epithelium but is highly expressed in approximately 50% of human breast cancers.
Clostridium difficile is an anaerobic spore forming rod shaped gram positive bacterium that can infect both humans and animals. It causes a spectrum of clinical manifestations from mild diarrhea to severe pseudomembranous colitis and has been recognized as a major nosocomial pathogen responsible for 15 20% of antibiotic related diarrhea . Over the past decade, there has been a progressive increase in the prevalence, severity, and mortality of CDI worldwide.
Monoclonal antibody  L8A4 binds specifically to the epidermal growth factor receptor variant III  that is present on gliomas but not normal tissues, and is internalized rapidly after receptor binding. Because of the short range of its β emissions, labeling this mAb with177Lu would be an attractive approach for the treatment of residual tumor margins remaining after surgical debulking of brain tumors . L8A4 mAb was labeled with 177Lu using the acyclic ligands  trans  cyclohexane 1,2 diamine  pentaacetic acid  and 2  6 methyldiethylene  triaminepentaacetic acid , and the macrocyclic ligands S 2  1,4,7,10 tetraazacyclododecane tetraacetic acid  and α  1,4,7,10 tetraazacyclododecane 1,4,7,10  tetraacetic acid .
With recognition that the nucleus tractus solitarii  is the primary site of termination of cardiovascular reflex afferent nerves , electrophysiological and anatomical studies contributed to an understanding of reflex transmission from those afferents to NTS neurons and beyond. Amongst the sites to which the NTS projects and from which it receives afferent projections is the cerebral cortex . Because lesions affecting cortical areas are known to produce autonomic dysfunction and, at times, sudden cardiac death , the reciprocal connections could be critically important in clinical medicine .
Nef, an accessory protein expressed by HIV and other primate lentiviruses, plays an essential role in viral pathogenesis,. Studies in several animal models have demonstrated that Nef is a critical determinant of viral replication, viral and immune receptor downregulation, and AIDS progression. Despite the lack of intrinsic biochemical activity, Nef influences numerous signaling pathways through interactions with a diverse group of host cell proteins.
The RAS RAF mitogen activated protein kinase /extra cellular signal regulated kinase  kinase  ERK and phosphoinositide 3 kinase  PTEN AKT signaling pathways play central roles in the signal transduction networks promoting tumor initiation and tumor progression. This is highlighted by the high frequency of mutations of RAS, RAF, PI3KCA, AKT, and PTEN as well as amplification of AKT present in a broad spectrum of human malignancies . Because signal transduction networks integrate multiple upstream inputs, targeting pathways downstream of the receptors could conceivably result in greater therapeutic efficacy and broader applicability.
Glutamate is an endogenous excitatory neurotransmitter, and it was estimated that this neurotransmitter is utilized by as many as one third of the synapses in the central nervous system . Glutamate can induce cytotoxicity via two different pathways. In this neuronal oxidative stress model, high concentrations of extracellular glutamate cause intracellular GSH depletion and increase ROS production .
Vertebrate vision is based on two physiologically different photoreceptor cell types: rods and cones. The turn off and recovery of the visual signal are achieved by reactions inactivating R* and the Gαt1GTP/PDE6 complex, and restoration of cGMP levels through Ca2+  dependent activation of retinal guanylate cyclases. Cone signaling proteins are highly homologous to their rod counterparts.
During the first human H5N1 outbreak in 1997, 18 cases of H5N1 influenza A infection in humans were confirmed, and more than 300 infected individuals have been diagnosed since 2003. H5N1 influenza infection of humans causes severe pneumonia, systemic disease, and mortality in more than 50% of patients. H5N1 avian influenza A viruses  are potential agents of pandemic influenza, but existing strains are incapable of efficient human to human transmission.
Glutamate is the major excitatory neurotransmitter and essential for many functions in the mammalian central nervous system . Glutamate receptors can be divided into two classes: ionotropic glutamate receptors and metabotropic glutamate receptors  . The G protein coupled mGluRs have the capacity to modulate the actions of the ionotropic glutamate receptors as well as other neurotransmitter receptors, which make them good candidates for pharmacotherapeutic targets .
Regeneration is a process by which damaged or lost structures are perfectly or near perfectly replaced . The caudal fin model of regeneration is particularly attractive because the fin is a relatively simple structure, quick to regenerate and non essential to the viability of fishes. Zebrafish are also amenable to molecular and genetic manipulations including transgenic techniques and forward genetic screens.
The interplay between the immune system and cancer is an ongoing focus of scientific interest. Increasing evidence indicates that dysregulation of the immune system, as for example found in allergic and autoimmune disorders, can affect survival of cells in developing tumors . This observation suggests that the cancer rates in individuals affected by such disorders might be different from those in individuals that do not suffer from allergies or autoimmune diseases.
Most of our understanding of sound representation in cerebral cortex comes from experiments using synthetic acoustic stimuli . In the limited regime of the synthetic stimuli used for model estimation, a model might accurately predict neural responses, but it is impossible to know how well that model generalizes to natural conditions unless it is tested with natural stimuli . Typically, STRFs are estimated using synthetic broadband stimuli .
Polyunsaturated fatty acids have multiple regulatory actions within cells including activating cellular signaling pathways and regulating gene expression. The mechanism by which polyunsaturated fatty acids transduce their signal within cells is not completely understood. Therefore, we asked if a lipogenic gene regulated exclusively at a posttranscriptional level would involve AMPK activity in the inhibition of its expression by polyunsaturated fatty acids .
The yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae has been used as a model eukaryote to study the aging process for 50 years . Similar to cells in metazoans, yeast cells undergo replicative and chronological aging. Chronological life span  is defined as the length of time that a non dividing cell remains viable.
Tumor hypoxia is known to contribute to tumor radioresistance and poor clinical outcomes . HIF 1, the best studied member, is a heterodimer consisting of a tightly regulated HIF 1α subunit and a constitutively expressed HIF 1β subunit. Low oxygen levels enhance HIF 1 expression through increased protein stability , leading to downstream expression of genes affecting angiogenesis, glycolysis, apoptosis, differentiation, and proliferation .
Methadone is an evidence based medication for the treatment of opioid dependence, and has been available in the U.S. for over four decades., In the U.S., the delivery of pharmacological treatments for opioid dependence has long been relegated to a specialty sector of the healthcare system due, in large part, to government regulations and physicians’ reluctance to prescribe medications for addiction treatment., Buprenorphine was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of opioid dependence in late 2002. In its early stages of adoption, buprenorphine tended to be used by populations with insurance coverage, and patients relying on the publicly funded treatment sector often did not have equal access to buprenorphine when it first became available. Under the new policies, access to both medications was rapidly expanded.
As access to antiretroviral drugs is expanding in sub Saharan Africa and second line treatments are often not readily available in the setting, it is imperative that adequate assessment on the prevalence and transmission of drug resistance mutations is performed to ensure optimization of treatment efficacy . Antiretroviral therapy  has been successful in suppressing the human immunodeficiency virus , however it fails to completely eliminate HIV from infected individuals and often elicits drug resistant variants. In addition the presence of these mutations has been demonstrated to have a negative impact on the antiretroviral therapeutic response and shortens the time to the first virological failure .
Autism is defined by impairments in the areas of social interaction and communication and marked by the presence of a restricted repertoire of behavioral activities and interest. Although not identified as a core phenotype of autism spectrum disorders , face processing and recognition is thought to be a relative area of weakness for many individuals with ASD . Briefly, alterations in face processing in ASD may include: biases toward high spatial frequency information in faces ; reduced configural processing of faces ; alternative patterns of attention to features within the face such as atypical or reduced eye attention ; and differential patterns of responses to familiar vs. unfamiliar faces .
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease  is a major cause of chronic liver disease. Although hepatocyte injury and death are uniformly worse in NASH than in steatosis, the outcomes of NASH are variable . The liver harbors resident populations of cells that regulate innate immune responses.
One dimensional semiconductor nanostructures such as quantum wires  and quantum rods ,  have been attracting significant interest over the last decade due to their tunable optical properties, which in turn give rise to applications in biomedical fields ranging from multiplex imaging to sensors, . Recently, a wide array of methods in manipulating the shape and size of CdSe nanocrystals  have been reported. These include larger absorption cross section, and larger surface area per particle, which facilitates conjugation with multiple active molecules .
The study of RNA enzymes, or ribozymes, is of considerable interest due to their importance in biology, their evolutionary implications, and potential impact for the design of drugs and new biomedical technology. , The hammerhead ribozyme , ,  is a small self cleaving ribozyme derived from RNA discovered in satellites of various plant virus genomes. Catalysis results from in line nucleophilic attack of the 2′O of C17 to the adjacent scissile phosphate, followed by cleavage of the P O5′ bond of C1.1 to produce a 2′,3′ cyclic phosphate and a 5′ hydroxy terminus in two RNA product strands.
The phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase  pathway plays an integral role in the regulation of many key cellular processes, mediating proliferation, differentiation, intracellular signaling, and glucose metabolism . For this reason, identifying novel biomarkers of target inhibition that are detectable by noninvasive methods is essential for determining the efficacy of treatment and correlation with antitumor effects  . We have used MRS to identify biomarkers of response to emerging targeted therapies .
Suicide is an enormous public health problem in the United States and around the world. A recent report from the Institute of Medicine  estimated that in the United States the value of lost productivity due to suicide is $11.8 billion per year . Reports from the World Health Organization  indicate that suicide accounts for the largest share of the intentional injury burden in developed countries  and that suicide is projected to become an even greater contributor to the global burden of disease over the coming decades .
The global burden of morbidity and mortality from hepatitis C virus  infection is truly pandemic . HCV is transmitted primarily through percutaneous exposure to blood contaminated with HCV. The prevalence of HCV is disproportionately high among injection drug users ; with seroprevalence as high as 95% .
Chronic viral infections, such as those caused by human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis C virus , and hepatitis B virus  are among the leading causes of death in the world . In the United States, there are approximately four million people with persistent hepatitis C infection and more than ten thousand HCV related deaths each year, with mortality from HCV expected to double in this decade and possibly surpass that caused by HIV  . HCV is not only an important cause of disease, but it is also an ideal infection in which to study viral evasion mechanisms because infection persists in the majority of infected individuals but not all since approximately 25% of those infected successfully clear the virus.
In order to help educators and policy makers build the primary care physician work force, researchers must systematically evaluate medical students’ reasons for choosing primary care or specialty practice. In summary, primary care oriented students have different beliefs about the value of primary care. Work life perceptions are influenced by both students’ direct observations of practicing physicians and the culture of medical education, including the “informal curriculum.”, , , Within this informal curriculum, students at many U.S. institutions have described hearing negative messages about primary care from peers, residents, and faculty., , , Among other criticisms, primary care has been labeled “unchallenging and mundane” and is associated with short visits, restrictive cost controls, burdensome paperwork, and overwhelmed and unhappy physicians., , By examining student perceptions, we aim to assess whether students who choose primary care view primary care work life more positively than their peers, or whether they view primary care work life negatively, but choose primary care despite these negative perceptions .
Prostate cancer  is the most frequently diagnosed malignant tumor and was the second leading cause of cancer related death in American men in 2011. Metastatic CaP can be treated effectively with androgen ablation. However, one of the most troubling aspects of this disease is that after hormone treatment, the tumor inevitably progresses from an androgen dependent  to an incurable castration resistant  form .
The apolipoprotein E  ε4 allele on chromosome 19 is a major genetic risk factor for late onset Alzheimer’s disease  that may account for as much as 50% of the risk for developing the disease . In fact, these cognitive declines and functional changes in APOE ε4 carriers tend to become most evident after age 65 . Changes in language abilities during prodromal AD have been the subject of some interest.
Pancreatic carcinoma is the fourth leading cause of cancer related deaths in the United States today . Gemcitabine  remains the best treatment option, though it only modestly increases survival . The spindle checkpoint monitors both the attachment of microtubules to the kinetochores and the tension exerted by these attachments .
The neurohypophysial hormone vasopressin  is the hormonal regulator of water homeostasis and has major effects on behaviour and vascular tone . The mPVN together with the supraoptic  nuclei of the hypothalamus constitute the neurohypophysial system that is the primary source of Avp and the related peptide oxytocin  released into the systemic circulation from neurons terminating in the posterior pituitary. Under basal conditions about 50% of these neurons also express Avp .
It is generally accepted that the tendency of insulin to self associate in solution is strongly enhanced in the presence of zinc ion , which is normally present at a concentration of ca 0.2 mM in human serum . In particular, under conditions where zinc free insulin exists in monomeric form, insulin in the presence of zinc is thought to exist primarily as a hexamer binding two moles of zinc per mole of hexamer . The concentration dependent self association of bovine Zn insulin at pH 7.0 was previously studied by Milthorpe et al  via sedimentation equilibrium over the concentration range 0.03  0.6 mg/ml, who reported that over this concentration range the sedimentation equilibrium could be accounted for by an equilibrium between monomer and hexamer.
Synchronization of cortical areas in the human brain plays an important role in the understanding of the computational basis for human cognition . However, coupling across frequencies would allow for much more complex cortico cortical interactions  and has been examined in brain signals . Cross frequency coupling in the human brain suggests nonlinear interaction and it is speculated that such interactions play a crucial role in the coordination of complex cortical computation.
Neuronal exocytosis is a highly regulated Ca2+ triggered process involving the membrane fusion of synaptic vesicles with the presynaptic plasma membrane. However, the mechanisms by which syt1 triggers membrane fusion are not understood. Synaptotagmin 1 also interacts with the SNAREs, and there is evidence that syt1 binds simultaneously to phospholipids and the SNARE complex through interactions of its C2 domains  .
Spiral ganglion neurons  transmit primary acoustic information from cochlear hair cells to the brain. SGNs extend a peripheral process to hair cells and a central process to target neurons in the cochlear nucleus . The central processes of SGNs bifurcate into ascending and descending branches within the CN and maintain a tonotopic map .
Over the past several years, three different laboratories have independently isolated mitotically active germ cells from juvenile and adult mouse ovaries that can be propagated ex vivo , generate what appear to be oocytes in defined cultures in vitro , and differentiate into fertilization competent eggs after intraovarian transplantation in vivo . Adding to this, very recent gene expression profiling studies have shown that oogonial stem cells  isolated from adult ovaries differ markedly from embryonic primordial germ cells , indicating that these two populations of oocyte producing germline stem cells in females are distinct entities . Although more experiments are needed to define the exact physiological contribution of these newly discovered cells to adult ovarian function and perhaps aging related ovarian failure, the now large body of evidence from multiple laboratories supporting the existence and functionality of mammalian OSCs provides a strong impetus to characterize these cells more rigorously  .
Peer relationships provide a socialization context of great importance during adolescence, in part because adolescents who are similar to one another tend to aggregate in groups and to influence one another’s behavior in those groups . Concurrent links between social standing in the peer group  and youth behavior  are well documented . However, less is known about the stability of social standing in the peer group, individual characteristics that may predict changes in social standing, and implications of changes in social standing for subsequent behavior.
Copy number alterations represent a substantial category of genetic variation. Germline copy number variants can be used for phenotypic mapping in genome wide association studies, and have been linked to various diseases . Ideally, such characterization should include both the precise identification of the chromosomal breakpoints of each alteration and the accurate estimation of copy numbers in each chromosomal segment.
Disclosure of HIV status among people who test positive for HIV has important implications for preventing new HIV infections and for the treatment, care and support of people living with HIV/AIDS  . The potential preventive health benefits of disclosure have been emphasized in health research and programs  with a particular focus on HIV disclosure to sexual partners  . There is mixed evidence that disclosure to sexual partners leads to sexual risk behavior change .
Mental disorders are leading causes of disability in the U.S. , and antidepressant medications are a mainstay of treatment for depressive and anxiety disorders . However, many people do not receive effective treatment, particularly ethnic minorities . These differences in mental health care may contribute to the persistence and severity of mental disorders and the burden of non lethal suicidality among black Americans .
Rapid economic growth, including that of the alcohol industry combined with poor regulatory policies, multiple health risk factors, such as infectious diseases and malnutrition, and inadequate public health resources make alcohol related problems especially significant in developing countries . Alcohol production and consumption in India have shown increasing trends . While overall abstention rates continue to be high, especially in women , significant numbers of men drink and up to half meet criteria for heavy use.
Primary vaginal cancer occurs predominantly in post menopausal women over the age of 60 and accounts for less than 2% of gynecological cancers diagnosed . Due to the overall low frequency of vaginal cancer, research into new treatment options is slow and traditional treatment regimes dominate . To be successful, this approach must be both safe and effective.
Humoral immune responses play a major role in conferring naturally acquired immunity to malaria . This immunity, however, appears to be slow to develop and ineffectively maintained , also demonstrated by the low prevalence of Plasmodium falciparum  malaria antigen specific memory B cells  even in high endemic areas . While the complex nature of the parasite  and the high degree of antigenic variation  certainly contribute to this apparently impaired generation of humoral immune memory, there is also increasing evidence that the malaria parasite actively alters B cell function .
At a physiological level, endothelin  1 plays an important role in the control of fluid volume balance and blood pressure. Specifically, ET 1 promotes diuresis and natriuresis within the collecting duct and action through ETB receptors. Systemically, ETB receptors clear ET 1 from the circulation and protect against ETA receptor dependent vasoconstriction, cell proliferation, matrix accumulation, and inflammation.
Type II diabetes mellitus  is a metabolic disorder with multiple derangements in metabolic and immune pathways that predisposes individuals to cardiovascular disease. While glycemic control is of paramount importance, recent data indicate that broad pleiotropic strategies that target multiple pathways are more likely to succeed in the reducing cardiovascular risk in these patients. Emerging evidence suggests an important role for theincretin hormone, glucagon like peptide , in the regulation of post prandial glycemic control and satiety.
Obesity is associated with expansion of metabolically active adipose tissues leading to local and systemic inflammation, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia, all of which can contribute to cardiovascular disease. In particular, expression of MCP 1 is approximately 1040 fold higher in perivascular adipocytes  compared to corresponding subcutaneous and perirenal adipocytes derived from the same subjects. MCP 1 is best known for its role in recruiting monocytes/macrophages to the arterial wall, but it may also contribute to vascular smooth muscle cell  proliferation, angiogenesis and other pathological processes.
LRP1 is a multifunctional member of the LDL receptor gene family that interacts with numerous ligands. Subsequent vascular studies have demonstrated a role for LRP1 using cell specific deletion, with particular emphasis on macrophages and smooth muscle cells . Recent studies have suggested a role for LRP1 in human vascular pathologies, particularly aortic aneurysms.
Chronic hyperactivation of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal  axis results in long term exposure to elevated circulating glucocorticoids, which exert long lasting and often detrimental effects on an organism’s growth and development , immune functioning , reproduction , mood and addictive tendencies , and cognitive functioning. For example, in healthy adults both the administration of glucocorticoids and the implementation of a brief stressor increase salivary cortisol levels and adversely affect non emotional memory processes . Higher blood cortisol levels predict poorer cognitive performance in healthy aged subjects .
Diagnosis of the sporadic form of the fatal motor neuron degenerative disorder amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  depends on clinical criteria and electromyographic evaluation for definitive confirmation. Despite progress in the field, radiographic tests such as diffusion tensor tractography and serum biomarkers such as angiogenin have not yet achieved widespread utility in this clinically heterogeneous disorder . Mounting evidence suggests a link between the Nogo A protein and ALS.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa remains a significant cause of nosocomial infection and septic mortality in patients admitted to the intensive care units . The bacterium is uniquely problematic because of a combination of inherent resistance to many drug classes and its ability to acquire resistance to all relevant treatments. With 5570 open reading frames, P. aeruginosa genome is among the largest genomes of the prokaryotic world and encodes a vast array of proteins involved in regulation, transport and virulence factors, which may explain the high versatility and adaptive capacity of the species .
CD81 is a ubiquitously expressed member of the tetraspanin superfamily of proteins. Their most striking property is the ability to interact with multiple proteins . These associations are thought to occur mainly in membrane compartments such as lipid rafts and tetraspanin enriched microdomains , thereby forming a membrane network known as the “tetraspanin web”.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among persons with diabetes and there is evidence that cardiac damage is often present at the time of clinical diagnosis of diabetes , . In addition, persons with hyperglycemia even below the threshold for the diagnosis of diabetes are known to be at high risk for cardiovascular events  . Elevated glucose levels are thought to induce hyperglycemia mediated coronary microvascular dysfunction and result in myocardial injury  .
In the adult skeleton, bone is continuously being formed and resorbed. Bone resorption and formation do not occur along the bone surface at random. Disturbances of the bone remodeling process are often associated with skeletal diseases, including CED, which is an inherited skeleton remodeling disorder, characterized by a fusiform thickening of the diaphyses of the long bones and skull .
The ability to speak, swallow, taste food, and maintain a healthy oral cavity is heavily reliant on the presence of saliva, an important effect of which on our everyday lives is often unappreciated . Salivary glands  have an important role not only in oral health but also for general health and well being. It is highly common especially in patients undergoing radiotherapy treatment for head and neck cancer, drug usage and patients suffering from Sjogren’s syndrome.
Endometrial cancer is the most frequently diagnosed malignancy of the female genital tract. The majority of endometrial cancers  are adenocarcinomas, which originate in uterine epithelial cells. All endometrial cancers can be further delineated into two types .
Folliculogenesis is a coordinated process driven by signals from ovarian cells as well as the anterior pituitary. This growth is accompanied by differentiation of the granulosa and theca cells, leading to antrum formation and increased steroidogenic function. Investigating this complex sequence of events has been difficult in vivo due to the limited ability to track or monitor individual follicles.
Neurotransmitter release is essential for communication between neurones and thus brain function. It is stimulated by influx of extracellular calcium  via voltage dependent Ca2+ channels on nerve terminal depolarization by action potentials . Because of the tight coupling between Ca2+ and exocytosis many laboratories have examined their relationship.
Broadly, stress can simultaneously provoke both an adaptive and apoptotic response within cells. Understanding this alternative, adaptive pathway known as autophagy, has thus become increasingly important . Autophagy presently is viewed as a “doubled edged sword” whereby downregulation of this process promotes tumorigenesis and upregulation in an established tumor promotes cell survival .
Transcranial magnetic stimulation  can be used within the MRI scanner to noninvasively manipulate brain activity while subjects undergo functional neuroimaging. As the technical challenges related to delivering TMS in the scanner have been overcome , this multimodal approach has been increasingly used to causally map motor, sensory, and cognitive brain networks in humans . TMS can be shaped by nearby magnetic fields , so the scanner’s static field likely influences the TMS coil’s field.
The introduction of α1,3 galactosyltransferase gene knockout  pigstransgenic for human complement regulatory proteins, markedly improved pig xenograftsurvival in non human primates  . However,dysregulation of coagulation in the form of thrombotic microangiopathy in the graft and/orconsumptive coagulopathy  in the recipient remains a major barrier . It has beenreported that increased immunosuppressive therapy  significantly prolongs organxenograft survival, but not systemic anticoagulation .
Chronic kidney disease is now recognized as a major public health concern. , It is estimated that approximately 26.3 million adults in the US have non dialysis dependent kidney disease and over 470,000 have end stage renal disease, collectively representing over 13% of the US population. In the next 20 years, the burden of chronic kidney disease is expected to increase, with over 2 million individuals projected to be receiving renal replacement therapy  by 2030.
Although the initiating factors and sequence of molecular and cellular events leading to the dysfunction and death of neurons in Alzheimer's disease  are not fully understood, the accumulation of amyloid β peptide  and hyperphosphorylated tau, oxidative stress, impaired energy metabolism and a disruption of neuronal Ca2+ regulation are implicated . The reduced energy availability and increased oxidative stress that occur in AD may promote neuronal membrane depolarization and overactivation of glutamate receptors resulting in excitotoxic damage to the neurons . Excessive and sustained increases in the intracellular Ca2+ concentration in neurons may impair synaptic function, and damage and kill neurons in AD .
Research with split brain patients provides considerable evidence for left hemisphere involvement  in the critical domains of reasoning, decision making, and problem solving  while limiting the role of the right hemisphere, and in particular the right prefrontal cortex  to little more than visual organization . However, this traditional view is being modified. Several neuroimaging studies have activated right PFC in specific conditions of logical reasoning tasks.
Epidermal fatty acid binding protein  belongs to a family of low molecular weight  cytosolic proteins that binds long chain free fatty acids. The members of the FABP family share similar tertiary structure which consists of two short α helical segments and a fatty acid binding cavity surrounded by two five stranded antiparallel β sheets . FABPs are thought to play a prominent role in trafficking of long chain free fatty acids to respective final metabolic or regulatory sites within the cell.
The prevalence of diet induced obesity is reaching epidemic proportions in industrialized nations. Together, these two diseases are an enormous health and financial burden. To maintain body mass, energy input through food intake and absorption, must match energy expenditure through physical activity, basal metabolism and adaptive thermogenesis.
The vocal fold mucosa is a layered structure comprised of epithelium and lamina propria ; both of which are superficial to the thyroarytenoid  muscle. Together, these mucosal structures facilitate vocal fold immune, transport and barrier function, and underpin self sustained tissue oscillation for voice production . The LP is especially important for vocal fold oscillation as it contains an extracellular matrix  rich in proteins and glycans with favorable viscoelasticity .
Cardiac ryanodine receptors  are sarcoplasmic reticulum  Ca release channels, crucial in excitation contraction coupling . Dysfunctional RyR2, exhibiting enhanced Ca leak has been implicated in arrhythmogenesis and heart failure . Homotetrameric RyR2s have a transmembrane channel domain, and regulatory and scaffolding cytoplasmic domain .
Health literacy has been defined as “the degree to which individuals have the capacity to obtain, process, and understand basic health information and services needed to make appropriate health decisions” . Evidence for the negative impact of poor health literacy is accumulating. Adults with limited health literacy have less knowledge of disease management and of health promoting behaviors, are less likely to use preventive services, and report poorer health status .
Prostate tumors are usually androgen dependent in the beginning, so front line therapies are initially aimed at reducing the amount of free androgens that sustain these tumors. Estrogen treatment is thought to indirectly decrease androgen production by negative feedback control on the hypothalamic pituitary testicular axis , though with the proven androgen independence of these tumors, this may not provide much additional therapeutic benefit. They bind to both intracellular and membrane receptors that transduce extracellular signals to downstream effectors .
The epidermal growth factor receptor  is the prototypical receptor tyrosine kinase. Ligands, such epidermal growth factor , bind to the extracellular domain of the receptor and induce a conformational change in the receptor that allows two receptors to dimerize. These cellular changes are critical to proper tissue development, regeneration, and homeostasis .
The contraction of striated muscles is regulated by the troponin complex, which controls the association of actin and myosin in a calcium dependent manner. Calcium bound TnC undergoes a conformational change increasing its apparent affinity for the inhibitory subunit of the troponin complex, troponin I . This movement of TnI, along with an accompanying shift of the tropomyosin strand, removes both a kinetic and a steric hindrance for myosin's binding to actin, facilitating crossbridge cycling and force generation  .
Interleukin 22  is a cytokine expressed by immune cells but acting on non haematopoetic cells. The receptor for IL 22 is expressed in barrier sites such as skin, intestine, lung as well as in liver, pancreas and kidney . Thus, the expression pattern of IL 22 and its receptor creates signaling directionality from the immune system to the tissues in line with the important function IL 22 has in maintaining tissue integrity.
Alveolar Capillary Dysplasia with Misalignment of Pulmonary Veins   is a rare, lethal disorder of the lungs. Affected patients typically present with severe respiratory failure and refractory pulmonary hypertension within a few hours after birth and die in the first month of life, although rare late onset presentations have been reported . Histopathologically, ACDMPV is characterized by malposition of pulmonary veins adjacent to small pulmonary arteries, medial thickening of small pulmonary arteries, deficient lobular development, a paucity of alveolar wall capillaries, and occasional lymphangiectasis .
Arterial and venous thromboses are major causes of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and arterial thrombosis is the most common cause of myocardial infarction and stroke . New anticoagulant drugs for the prevention and treatment of vascular thrombosis have focused on improved efficacy, predictable dosing in a wide range of patients, and, importantly, acceptable bleeding risk  . Heparin has played a central role in the treatment of arterial and venous thrombosis .
Graft versus host disease  has severely limited the use of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation  for the treatment of hematological malignancies . Cytokines, such as TNF α, can augment aGVHD through direct cytotoxic impact on host tissues . Other proinflammatory cytokines including IL 1, IL 17, IL 6 and IFN γ can indirectly lead to priming, activation and differentiation of respective immune cells .
The olfactory bulb  is a unique model for investigating in vivo the correlation between vascular density, synaptic transmission, metabolism and neurovascular coupling . Dorsal glomeruli can be easily imaged in vivo with two photon laser scanning microscopy , a technique that allows one to characterize vascular architecture with a micrometer spatial resolution, and to measure cerebral blood flow  and neuronal activity  with a millisecond time resolution. These two layers thus sharply differ in their cellular contents and can be expected to show differences in metabolism .
Chronic transplant dysfunction, likely caused by ischemia secondary to graft arteriosclerosis , is the most significant factor limiting long term survival after clinical heart and kidney transplantation. The histopathology of GA includes proliferative intimal expansion, primarily of vascular smooth muscle cells , with inadequate outward vessel remodeling, resulting in luminal narrowing. Evidence supports a possible association of acute graft arterial injury and GA  .
Currently, more than 2 billion individuals have been infected with M. tuberculosis and about 5%10% those infected will develop active TB disease during their lifetime. In 1921, the vaccine Mycobacterium bovis BCG, developed by Albert Calmette and Camille Guérin, was first used in humans . Currently M. bovis BCG has been administrated to over 4 billion people and remains the only licensed anti TB vaccine worldwide .
Motor related, cortical areas have long been thought to contribute more to movements than simple commands. These “higher order” processes have been suggested to include memory, prediction, timing, abstraction or targets, etc. but specific demonstrations of how these processes are manifest during specific movements has been lacking generally.
Voltage sensitive sodium channels are large integral membrane proteins that consist of four homologous domains  each containing six transmembrane segments  connected by extra  and intracellular loops . Sodium channel blocking insecticides  are a relatively new group of insecticides. Metaflumizone , the second SCBI to be commercialized, causes poisoning symptoms that are similar to those produced by other SCBIs .
Patients receiving hospice care have a variety of distressing symptoms and problems facing them, with fatigue and pain being among the most distressing. As patients near the end of life, priorities may shift from concerns about work and health to concerns about what comes after death. Thus, many patients may strengthen or renew their relationship with God, however they may define that relationship, confirming the need for clergy to be included in the interdisciplinary team.
Despite the health consequences of cigarette smoking , 20.8% of Americans continue to smoke . One possible route to the development of more effective treatments for TD is a better understanding of how current treatments, such as bupropion HCl and practical group counseling  psychotherapy, influence brain activity. We therefore examined effects of these treatments on resting cerebral glucose metabolism, an index of regional brain function.
The pancreas is a complex organ with two distinct functions. Embedded within the exocrine compartment is the endocrine pancreas, composed of the islets of Langerhans, which secrete hormones including insulin into the bloodstream to maintain glucose homeostasis. Like other family members, HB EGF is synthesized as a transmembrane protein  that can be cleaved by metalloproteinases to release a soluble, diffusible ligand.
The paired box transcription factor  family consists of 9 highly related members with critical roles in organogenesis and tissue specification during development, including skeletal muscle, pancreas, central nervous system, kidney, and immune system . Mutations and gene rearrangement of PAX genes are frequently associated with human diseases and cancers . RMS is the most common soft tissue sarcoma in children  that consists of alveolar  and embryonal  subtypes.
Amblyopia, also known as “lazy eye,” is a spatial vision disorder that affects about 3% of the population . It is characterized by reduced visual acuity in one or both eyes without any organic origin. Although conventional wisdom on visual development suggests that spatial vision becomes hard wired after the critical period  and only infant and young child amblyopes are treated in current clinical practice, a number of recent studies suggest that perceptual learning might be a potential treatment for adult amblyopia .
H5N1 influenza A viruses that transmitted from poultry to humans in 1997 claimed the lives of six of the 18 people infected . One such pair of viruses is A/Hong Kong/483/97  and A/Hong Kong/486/97 . The case patient from whom HK/483 was isolated had a low total peripheral leukocyte count at hospital admission and ultimately succumbed to infection.
Body dissatisfaction is pervasive among adolescents  and has been linked with poor emotional well being  and weight and shape control behaviors . In the 2011 Youth Risk Behavior Survey, a nationally representative sample of US high school students, 61% of girls and 32% of boys reported trying to lose weight; 12% of adolescents reported fasting, 5% reported using diet pills, and 4% reported self induced vomiting or laxative use for the purpose of weight control . In addition, there is growing awareness and concern regarding the use of muscle enhancing behaviors among adolescents .
Sensory systems sample the environment, translating external stimuli into transient and sometimes enduring internal neural codes or representations. In the olfactory system, volatile odorants are detected in the periphery by ORNs which transduce chemical stimuli into electrical signals that are relayed downstream to the OB or the AL. These dynamic patterns change most rapidly during the odor's onset and offset .
Carcinomas arise from transformed epithelial cells and account for >80% of adult malignancies. Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths with five year survival rates of 10 15%. This poor prognosis is due to lack of effective screening modalities resulting in patients presenting with advanced disease that is not responsive to current therapies.
E2F1 is a highly conserved member of the E2F family, a group of nine transcription factors that coordinate a transcription program underlying cell cycle progression. Embedded within the transactivation domain is the pocket binding motif for tumor suppressor Retinoblastoma protein , which binds E2F1 during quiescence and G1 to repress E2F1 activity . E2F1 is present in neurons during brain development and increases in expression through neuronal maturation .
While Pseudomonas aeruginosa is a frequent cause of acute nosocomial pneumonia in patients undergoing mechanical ventilation, burn victims, patients with corneal trauma, patients with healing surgical wounds  and cystic fibrosis  , healthy individuals are generally highly resistant to serious infection. There are clearly multiple, redundant innate immune mechanisms contributing to this resistance. Lipid rafts are specialized areas of the plasma membrane that are enriched in cholesterol and sphingolipids .
The HIV 1 envelope  protein is encoded by the 3’ end of the HIV 1 viral RNA  genome in a region that overlaps the Vpu open reading frame , and the Tat and Rev ORFs . Also encoded in this region is the rev responsive element  that binds to Rev . Ordinarily, the nuclear export signal  of Rev binds to a complex of the cellular proteins Crm1 and Ran GTP to facilitate the nuclear export of the HIV 1 vRNA that encodes the Gag and GagPol proteins, as well as other incompletely spliced HIV 1 RNAs .
Agonists acting at spinal α2 adrenergic and opioid receptors , share common signal transduction systems mediated through inhibitory G proteins, the activation of which inhibits pain transmission. In addition, agonists acting at α2ARs and ORs interact in a greater than additive  manner when co administered to the spinal cord . Synergistic interactions can result in greater than 100 fold increases in analgesic potency as well as increased maximum efficacy.
Psoriasis is a common chronic inflammatory skin disease of unsolved pathogenesis. Psoriatic plaques are dominated by T lymphocytes as well as innate immune cells such as dendritic cells and macrophages . Important advancements have been made in deciphering the role of growth factors , inflammatory cytokines  and their downstream transcription factors  in the crosstalk between immune and epithelial cells that underlies the pathogenesis of psoriasis .
Pneumonia, an inflammatory condition of the lung, causes greater mortality than any other respiratory disease globally . More than AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis combined, pneumonia is responsible for about 19% of all deaths in children below five years . Even when pneumonia is caused by bacteria and respiratory viruses other than influenza, influenza has nonetheless been shown to increase the susceptibility for other etiologies of pneumonia .
Gene targeting, through the use of homologous recombination , provides the ability to modify any endogenous gene in a predetermined and precise manner. When it first became clear that somatic cell nuclear transfer  may offer an opportunity for HR in livestock species, it appeared that somatic targeting efficiency may be much lower than in mouse ESC . Thus, gene targeting in somatic cells could be expected to be much less efficient than in ESC.
Hemorrhagic shock results in the disruption of the microvascular endothelial cell barrier leading to vascular leak . Studies from our laboratory have shown that ROS formation and the activation of the “intrinsic” apoptotic signaling cascade are major mediators of vascular leak following hemorrhagic shock . Sex dimorphism in the clinical manifestation of conditions such as trauma, hemorrhage and sepsis have been subjects of recent investigation .
In mammals circadian rhythms in overt body functions which enable the organism to anticipate and to adapt to the solar cycle are controlled by a master circadian rhythm generator located in the hypothalamic suprachiasmatic nucleus  that synchronises peripheral oscillators . The positive regulators BMAL1 and CLOCK/NPAS2  activate transcription of negative regulators, such as mPER1/2 and mCRY1/2, as well as clock controlled output genes like Avp . The mPER and mCRY proteins inhibit CLOCK:BMAL1 mediated transcription in a circadian manner .
Over the past decade, significant progress has been made in the development of non contact wide field technologies for quantitative, sub surface functional imaging. Frequency domain photon migration  and fluorescence lifetime imaging  have been applied to large fields of view   for normal versus tumor cell delineation through natural chromophore contrast , or for improved exogenous and endogenous fluorescence signal detection through lifetime contrast . Most of these technologies require multiple images to be acquired with a varying parameter , and images must be registered to the same position in space over the period of data acquisition.
The development of squamous cell carcinoma  of the epidermis occurs via a multistage, stepwise process whereby keratinocytes accumulate distinct genetic lesions in oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes that promote cell growth and cell survival . In addition, these genetic lesions are common events in human epidermal SCC  and play crucial roles in its development . Therefore, identification of gene regulatory pathways that are acquired during immortalization and transformation could reveal attractive targets for therapies designed to inhibit tumor progression .
Consistent with diagnostic requirements, assessment of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder  focuses on the presence of symptoms and associated impairment., In pediatrics, shared decision making includes integrating parents’ goals and concerns about their children with medical evidence to achieve a family centered medical decision process. The American Academy of Pediatrics  recommends use of shared decision making in its practice guidelines for ADHD, with a focus on identifying goals for ADHD. Specifically, the AAP calls for “addressing individualized and specific behavioral, academic, and social target goals” .
The human genome encodes about 518 protein kinases  which constitutes one of the largest class of genes, termed the “Human Kinome”. Phosphorylation of the activation loop is one common mechanism for kinase activation. The other hallmark feature of an active state conformation is the orientation of the αC helix located on the N terminal domain; in an active conformation it is rotated inward toward the active site, together with a characteristic ion pair interaction between the conserved Glu of the αC helix and the Lys of the β3 strand of the β sheet in the N lobe, , .
Robust lung inflammation induced by infectious and non infectious stimuli can lead to severe pathological states including acute respiratory distress syndrome  and multi organ failure with devastating, often lethal consequences. Upon activation by toll like receptor  or other pattern recognition receptor signaling, macrophages recruit additional pro inflammatory immune cells including neutrophils, exudative macrophages, and Th1 lymphocytes to the lung and alveolar space as a critical part of the innate immune response . As a result, ET has been associated with worse outcomes including increased mortality and secondary infections .
Polychlorinated biphenyls  and other persistent organic pollutants , such as hexachlorobenzene , and p,p’ dichlorophenyldichloroethylene , a metabolite of p,p’ DDT, have been found to elicit a broad spectrum of biologic, metabolic, and immunologic responses . The potential of these POPs to impair immune responses and trigger autoimmune disease is of growing concern. Given the structural similarity to thyroid hormones, PCBs  may mimic thyroid hormone action and even modulate the mechanisms and interfere with the binding of these hormones , potentially leading to thyroid functional disorders and autoimmune thyroid diseases  .
Depressive disorders, including major depressive disorder and dysthymia, are common among adolescents and are associated with substantial health, social, and developmental consequences. Approximately 8% of adolescents experience an episode of major depression in a given year , and 12% of adolescents have experienced a depressive disorder in their lifetime . In the short term, depressive disorders are associated with adverse outcomes among adolescents, including an increased risk for comorbid mental health problems , substance use disorders , and obesity .
Vibrio cholerae, an autochthonous aquatic bacterium, is the causative agent of cholera, a severe, watery, life threatening diarrheal disease. Genes encoding for cholera toxin, ctxAB, and other pathogenic factors have been shown to reside in various mobile genetic elements . Isolates from the sixth pandemic are almost exclusively Classical biotype.
The involvement of protein kinase A  and protein kinase C  in the induction and maintenance of LTP in hippocampal pyramidal cells has been studied intensively . In area CA3, PKA plays a fundamental role in the induction and maintenance of the N methyl D aspartate receptor  independent form of LTP at mossy fiber  to pyramidal cell synapses . Furthermore, it is well established that PKA modulates the activation of the L type voltage gated Ca2+ channels  required for the induction of NMDAR independent LTP at Schaffer collateral to pyramidal cell synapses  as well as MF to pyramidal cell synapses .
ADAMTS13, a member of A Disintegrin And Metalloprotease with ThromboSpondin type repeats  family,  controls the sizes of von Willebrand factor  by cleaving vWF at the Tyr1605 Met1606 bond in the central A2 domain. Profound thrombocytopenia, microangiopathic hemolytic anemia and organ ischemia are characteristic features of TTP syndrome. If left untreated, the mortality rate is as high as 80~100%.
Strabismus, a manifest misalignment of the visual axes, is one of the most common childhood visual disorders, occurring in 3 4% of the population . Phoria, a latent misalignment of the visual axes, exists to some degree in nearly all individuals. However, either genes or environment can contribute to resemblance among family members; therefore, familial clustering does not clarify etiology.
The denatured state of a protein is the starting point for folding a protein to its native structure which confers its function. Structural data, particularly from NMR studies of denatured proteins, and computational studies demonstrate the presence of persistent secondary structure and hydrophobic clusters under denaturing conditions. In so doing, non random structures can greatly increase protein folding efficiency, thereby satisfying Levinthal’s Paradox.
Curcumin, 1,7 bis 1,6 heptadien 3,5 dione, is the primary bioactive component isolated from turmeric, a dietary spice made from the rhizome of Curcuma longa . Curcumin has chemopreventative and chemotherapeutic properties in numerous experimental models and has been shown to inhibit a variety of cellular targets that promote survival and metastasis including nuclear factor kappa B  and signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 , among others . These data suggest that curcumin may be an effective means to modulate pathways that contribute to chronic inflammation leading to cancer.
Results from genome wide scans have confirmed common genetic variants with very small effects on breast cancer risk; however, this approach likely misses clinically and functionally important cancer susceptibility alleles because of false negatives and poor coverage in some regions. Therefore, examination of candidate genes still provides a useful, complementary approach. The Breast Cancer Association Consortium, a collaborative data pooling effort of more than 60,000 subjects, was initiated to validate reported genetic associations with breast cancer risk.
Advances in immunosuppression and perioperative management have revolutionized liver transplantation  outcomes in the past 3 decades . Improved long term survival has led in turn to increased prevalence of ‘late’ complications after LTx such as chronic kidney disease . CKD has become one of the leading causes of morbidity and death after LTx .
Chromosomal inversions are known to occur in a wide variety of organisms where they are associated with instances of adaptive evolution, speciation, selfish genes, sex chromosomes, human disease and disease susceptibility . Although inversions have been studied for nearly a century, only recently have researchers begun to elucidate their effects on patterns of molecular evolution. Dobzhansky proposed that natural selection would favor inversions if they captured a set of positively interacting alleles, which he referred to as a “supergene” complex .
Pseudomonas aeruginosa is an opportunistic gram negative pathogen capable of eliciting acute or chronic infection of immunocompromised, burn and cystic fibrosis patients. Given the great infectious threat to hospitalized patients, alternative means are necessary to treat and prevent acute P. aeruginosa infections . However, these vaccines never gained clinical acceptance due to a wide array of problems  .
Falls are among the most serious problems facing older adults, which can cause injuries and even death . Slips comprise 40% of outdoor falls among older adults . Therefore an effective training program to prevent sliprelated falls is highly desired.
Chronic postsurgical pain  occurs in 10 50% of patients undergoing major surgery and results in pain sufficient to negatively impact quality of life. Low preoperative CPM correlates with a greater incidence of CPSP following thoracotomy and abdominal surgery. In the current study, we use a rodent postoperative pain model with a nerve injury component to examine for the first time the relationship between preoperative CPM and time course of recovery from surgery and examine one potential mechanism involved in this relationship .
6  Fluoro L dopa  is a radiopharmaceutical that follows the metabolic pathway of L dopa . In catecholaminergic neurons, FDOPA is decarboxylated by aromatic L amino acid decarboxylase  to fluorodopamine, which is taken up into synaptic vesicles by vesicular monoamine transporter type 2  and cleared from the synaptic cleft by dopamine transporters . Specific uptake of FDOPA in the striatum as measured by positron emission tomography  has been correlated with pathophysiology, duration, and functional status in Parkinson's disease .
Shanks, also known as ProSAP, Synamon, SSTRIP, CortBP and Spank, are a family of scaffold proteins at the postsynaptic density . Shank proteins are thought to promote enlargement and maturation of spines ,  and have been implicated in a number of neuronal diseases including autism  . Shanks have multiple protein interaction domains and can bind to other PSD scaffolds, GKAPs and Homers .
Individual agents used to treat human osteoporosis reduce fracture risk by ~50 60%. Since agents that act with complementary mechanisms are available, sequential therapies that mix anti resorptive and anabolic agents could improve fracture risk reduction, when compared to monotherapies . We evaluated bone mass, bone microarchitecture, and bone strength in adult ovariectomized , osteopenic rats, during different sequences of vehicle , parathyroid hormone , alendronate , or raloxifene  in three 90 day treatment periods, over nine months.
Diabetes mellitus  is one of the most frequent metabolic disorders, with an estimate of 371 million people living with this condition worldwide . Incidence and prevalence are rising, carrying high costs  and rates of morbid mortality, with premature deaths . Around 4.8 million people died in 2012 due to diabetes, half of them were under 60 years  .
The liver performs many complex functions including carbohydrate metabolism, urea and lipid metabolism, storage of essential nutrients, and the production/secretion of bile acids. Therefore, hepatic failure, end stage cirrhosis and infections targeting the liver present a major health problem. Given the shortage of organs for liver transplantation, an increasing emphasis is being placed on cell based liver therapies.
Regulation of gene expression in eukaryotes is an extremely complex process. Cis regulatory sequences on promoters and enhancers of target genes facilitate the cooperative assembly of transcriptional regulatory complexes. Ets1•Runx1 partnership provides a perfect basis for filling the gap.
Research in motor learning has been performed with nonfunctional, non novel tasks involving movements that have already been established in the abilities of individual performers . EEG changes have been found to occur during various mental activities , are collected in real time, and provide solid supplements to verbal protocols currently used in motor learning and sport psychology . Specifically, EEG activity is measured by EEG signal power in μVolts2 and increased activity equates to greater power measured from a given electrode, and vice versa.
Hypertension is a global health problem affecting 65 million persons in the United States  and about 1 billion persons worldwide. Despite the availability of effective pharmacologic therapies, low adherence to antihypertensive medication remains a public health challenge  and is associated with increased health care costs and with high rates of cardiovascular disease and hospitalization;. It is estimated that adherence rates are approximately 50% for chronic medications.
Despite modest improvements in survival rates from colorectal cancer  over the last 25 years, deaths from CRC still account for approximately 10% of all cancer deaths in the UK. Globally, CRC is ranked second as a cause of cancer mortality with 492,000 deaths per annum . Some studies have reported that lifestyle factors such as physical activity and body mass index influence particular characteristics of the tumour systemic inflammatory response, which affects cancer survival .
It has been widely proposed that connexin43 , the main gap junction protein expressed in astrocytes, can under specific conditions form functional “hemichannels”, providing a transmembrane pathway for the diffusion of ions and relatively large molecules . Evidence in support is primarily pharmacological, showing blockade of uptake of fluorescent dyes  and of release of intracellular molecules  by compounds known to block gap junction channels; additionally, electrophysiological recordings have demonstrated the presence of large  conductance channels in astrocytes  . Recently, a newly discovered group of proteins, the pannexins , were cloned from mammalian tissues.
Previous reports indicate that the frontal eye field , a cortical region involved in vision and eye movements, codes predominately for contralateral space . These operations include shifting RFs  and vector subtraction . There are a number of potential routes for ipsilateral signals to reach the FEF.
Transmissible spongiform encephalopathies , such as human Creutzfeldt Jakob Disease , endemic sheep scrapie, and epidemic bovine spongiform encephalopathy  are fatal neurodegenerative diseases caused by infectious particles of ~25 nm diameter and 106107 daltons . Their molecular composition remains speculative. These infectious particles separate from the majority of host encoded prion protein  by field flow sedimentation  as well as other purification procedures.
Studies have shown that the posterior visual regions have maximal amplitude of alpha rhythm in electroencephalography  , while the thalamus plays a critical role in generating and coordinating alpha activity . However, several inconsistent results have also been reported. However, little is known about a direct relationship between the neuronal activities of the two regions.
In the United States, the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental DisordersIV Text Revision provides the official classification of mental and substance use disorders widely employed in clinical, research, educational, and statistical settings. The categorical classification, however, also constitutes a primary limitation because it works best when all members of a given diagnosis are homogeneous and when there are clear boundaries between distinct diagnoses. DSM IV acknowledges this limitation and further suggests the presence of heterogeneity among individuals who share a diagnosis.
The aortic heart valve  normally consists of three cuspal shaped leaflets  that regulate blood flow from left ventricle to the aorta. BAV defects occur in about 12% of the population, making it the most prevalent congenital cardiac anomaly. Growing clinical and scientific data indicate that BAV is an exceptionally strong risk factor for life threatening aortic valve and/or ascending aortic pathology.,,, Accelerated valve calcification producing aortic stenosis  before the sixth decade of life is the most common clinical manifestation of BAV.
Single molecule force spectroscopy is a technique that provides unique information about the biomolecular interaction landscape that is hitherto not possible to obtain from conventional spectroscopy methods. , In this technique, biorecognition molecules of interest are pulled apart or stretched under an external loading force. The distribution of rupture forces at a constant loading rate enables the prediction of the most probable rupture force, which is a quantitative measure of the biospecific interaction at that loading rate.
Catheter ablation has been shown to be superior to antiarrhythmic therapy for the treatment of drug refractory, symptomatic atrial fibrillation . The past decade has produced significant advances in catheter ablation approaches for AF and improved procedural outcomes. This may be due to a variety of factors, including better patient selection, technological advances and greater operator experience.
Inhibitory control is an important component of executive function, and it is typically assessed using tasks in which participants must withhold or inhibit a prepotent response. Differences in SSRT across individuals relate to activation of a number of neural systems involved in the “stopping network”, including right inferior frontal gyrus, posterior parietal cortex, and pre supplementary motor areas . Individuals with shorter SSRTs, reflective of stronger/faster inhibition, typically show greater activation of these neural systems on inhibition trials .
In humans, stress exposure increases cocaine craving and induces relapse of cocaine use , and in animal models, stressors facilitate cocaine self administration, enhance conditioned place preference , and reinstate cocaine seeking . Although the adaptive responses to stress are generally protective, repeated and uncontrollable stress exposure can increase the risk of mood disorders . Dynorphins are a family of endogenous neuropeptides derived from a common precursor and sharing structural features conferring selectivity for the kappa opioid receptor  .
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  are ligand gated cation channels composed as homopentameric or heteropentameric combinations of α and β subunits . The most abundant heteromeric nAChR in the brain contain α4 subunits, bind nicotine with high affinity, and have been implicated in conditions including Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer's disease, epilepsy, and drug dependence  . Each nAChR subunit shares a conserved topology, having an extensive extracellular N terminal domain, four transmembrane domains , short intracellular cytoplasmic loops between M1 and M2 and between M3 and M4, a short extracellular loop between M2 and M3, a large second cytoplasmic loop  between M3 and M4, and a short C terminal extracellular tail .
Growth factors and other mitogens often provide the molecular cues that induce many cellular events, including differentiation, proliferation, and migration . Thus, synthetic immobilization of biomolecules has become a common technique to prolong bioactivity and control biomolecule presentation and concentration . Epidermal growth factor  participates in the growth and repair of many types of tissues throughout the body.
Molecular and morphological alterations related to carcinogenesis have been found in terminal duct lobular units , the microscopic structures from which most breast cancer precursors and cancers develop, and therefore, analysis of these structures may reveal early changes in breast carcinogenesis and etiologic heterogeneity. Accordingly, we evaluated relationships of breast cancer risk factors and tumor pathology to estrogen receptor  and progesterone receptor  expression in TDLUs surrounding breast cancers . We analyzed 270 breast cancer cases included in a population based breast cancer case control study conducted in Poland.
Imatinib  is a small molecule that targets the BCR ABL tyrosine kinase and is effective in the treatment of BCR ABL positive chronic myeloid leukemia . While imatinib has been remarkably successful in reducing the tumor burden and suppressing the progression of patients in the chronic phase of CML, it has been less successful in the treatment of the accelerated phase of the disease. Whether the increase in BCR ABL simply requires a higher level of imatinib to suppress or induces more qualitative changes in intracellular signaling pathways leading to imatinib resistance has not been examined .
Photodynamic therapy  is a rapidly developing approach for cancer treatment that utilizes the combination of a nontoxic dye, termed a photosensitizer , and harmless visible or near infrared  light to kill cancer cells and destroy tumors by generating reactive oxygen species , such as singlet oxygen, superoxide and hydroxyl radical. PDT has the advantage of dual selectivity such that the PS can be targeted to its destination cells or tissues and the illumination can be spatially directed to the lesion. Alternation of this photophysical property is possible upon molecular functionalization to various fullerenyl derivatives.
Heterotrimeric αβγ guanine nucleotide binding proteins  are molecular switches that relay signals from activated G protein coupled receptors  to  cellular effector systems such as ion channels or enzymes that, in turn, control production, release, or degradation of second messengers . These G proteins function by adopting two principal conformational states: an “off state” in which guanosine diphosphate  bound Gα is in complex with the Gβγ heterodimer, and an “on state” in which guanosine triphosphate  bound Gα is liberated from its Gβγ binding partner. Ligand activated GPCRs act as guanine nucleotide exchange factors  for G proteins that stimulate exchange of GDP for GTP on the Gα subunit .
Endometriosis is a chronic estrogen dependent disease characterized by the growth of ectopic endometrial tissue . The shed tissue then implants and grows ectopically. In accordance with Sampson's hypothesis, endometriosis spontaneously develops only in menstruating animals such as humans and some primate species.
Herbal medicines and products are used globally for treatment of diverse pathological conditions. In developing countries, people consult traditional health practitioners  who live within the communities, have been trusted over years, share identical cultural and spiritual beliefs and are ever willing to assist patients with their knowledge and skills sometimes at a reduced cost . They are usually sold as nutritional supplements with benefits in the various disease conditions or maintenance of health without specific medicinal claims  .
Despite progress in the prevention of mother to child HIV transmission, nearly 260,000 infections occurred among children in 2012. Pediatric HIV infection remains a public health problem, but early treatment improves survival and preserves immune health. Cure of HIV infection remains elusive due to the early establishment of viral latency in long lived resting memory CD4+ T cells that evade immune surveillance mechanisms and antiretroviral drugs.
There has been considerable interest in the neurobehavioral changes, both in terms of cognitive and mood related, that occur in retired National Football League  players, but despite increased media attention, little has been done to systematically examine later life functioning in retired professional athletes. There is wide variation in the persistence of these defects, with the majority of individuals showing good recovery within days, weeks or months following injury and a small minority showing persistent deficits. Among aging, retired NFL players, 11% have reported having depression with a correlation between history of recurrent concussions and a lifetime history of depression.
Streptococcus pneumoniae  is a major cause of bacterial meningitis in the developing world , including recently described epidemic disease in Sub Saharan Africa . Safe and effective vaccines to prevent pneumococcal meningitis now exist  and many developing countries will introduce vaccine in the near future. As part of vaccine introduction, countries will monitor impact of vaccine against various outcomes, including meningitis.
Cigarette smoking is a well documented risk factor for cardiovascular diseases, including atherosclerosis, coronary artery disease, acute myocardial infarction, hypertension and sudden cardiac death. Multiple prospective studies have consistently shown that cigarette smoking is associated with increased risk of hypertension. It has been well proved that nicotine is the main reason of smoking dependence, and approximately 80% of the inhaled nicotine from smoking is metabolized to cotinine by C oxidation in liver, then the cotinine is further metabolized into trans 3 hydroxycotinine that is finally excreted in urine as the major nicotine metabolite.
Dopamine receptor genes are key players in regulating neurotransmission in response to dopamine and, therefore, are of central interest in a range of neuropsychiatric diseases, including schizophrenia, substance addiction, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . There are five dopamine receptors belonging to two families, characterized by whether they activate  or inhibit  adenylate cyclase in response to ligand binding . These dopamine receptors have been the subject of numerous studies focusing on the role of dopaminergic genes in a variety of diseases .
The pronounced occurrence of “feminization” and other endocrine abnormalities at sites downstream from municipal wastewater treatment plants  was first noted in 1994 . This had led to interest in various oxidative treatments , with some particular emphasis on the promise of enzyme mediated pollution abatement. For the particular case of environmental estrogens, “peroxidase” enzymes  possess both demonstrated detoxification abilities and real potential for effective protein engineering  .
Leptin is an adipocyte derived hormone that plays a critical role in the regulation of energy homeostasis. Among these distributed brain sites, there is increasing evidence for functional leptin receptors  in the nucleus tractus solitarii , albeit in lower levels than in the arcuate nucleus. Ob Rb mRNA is expressed in the NTS of mice and rats .
The conclusion of general parasite host models that parasites may regulate the abundance of hosts in some circumstances  continues to motivate empirical research . Only a few studies, however, have provided empirical support for this hypothesis for wildlife species, and the majority have focused on epidemic pathogens causing high levels of mortality. This is in spite of the fact that most pathogens are endemic, persist in host populations and show relatively small fluctuations in prevalence .
Solid tumors present formidable challenge in the multi disciplinary management of cancer patients. Among solid tumors, breast and lung cancer account for an estimated 399,470 new cases in the United States in 2008, and despite multi modality therapy, remain the leaders in cancer related mortality . Since tumor resistance limits effectiveness of current treatments, such as radiotherapy, the identification of novel therapeutic strategies is critical for improving outcome.
Receptor stimulated activation of the small guanosine triphosphatase  Ras is central to many signal transduction pathways that control developmental, physiologic, and pathologic processes in the immune system and throughout biology. Phosphorylated LAT  can associate with critical proteins to form two complexes that regulate Ras activation. On LAT, activated PLC γ1 cleaves phosphatidylinositol 4, 5 bisphosphate  to generate inositol 1,4,5 trisphosphate , which triggers the release of intracellular stores of Ca2+, and diacylglycerol .
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration  is a common cause of dementia, particularly in younger individuals with disease onset at ages less than 65. FTLD represents at least three clinical syndromes which are distinct from Alzheimer's Disease . The clinical and pathological heterogeneity of FTLD creates particular challenges for determining optimal pharmacological management.
The intestinal mucosa experiences diverse forces in normal and diseased states. These forces all alter intra luminal pressure and strain, which along with other physiologic forces may support the normal gut mucosal cytoarchitecture. The intestinal mucosa is constantly subjected to injuries that it must heal to maintain normal function.
Epidemiologic studies have linked obesity with the risk of developing certain cancers, including colorectal, postmenopausal breast, kidney, esophageal , pancreatic, liver, gallbladder, and endometrial cancers. Many of these cancers arise as a result of physiologically altered endocrine and/or metabolic functioning in obese people. Large, prospective, population based studies have demonstrated that in addition to increasing the risk of developing cancer, obesity remains an independent risk factor for death from malignancy in both obesity associated and non obesity associated tumors .
The standard somnological armamentarium lacks affordable tools for objective assessment of sleep architecture on a large scale or repeatedly over time . Multichannel polysomnography  is encumbering and costly for such applications; simpler devices for assessment of sleep disordered breathing  provide only autonomic indices of sleep quality that have not been validated in non SDB populations; actigraphs estimate duration and timing of sleep but render no information about its macro  or microstructure; finally, diaries and questionnaires are subjective. Recent years have seen the emergence of self applicable recorders worn on the forehead that assess sleep architecture from the mixture of electroencephalograms , electrooculograms  and electromyograms  recorded in a single differential derivation .
Granulocyte transfusions have long been recognized as a potential therapeutic option for treating infections in individuals with neutropenia . Nonetheless, the use of granulocyte transfusions has remained infrequent and only about 1000 granulocyte units are transfused per year in the US . Recently, interest in granulocyte transfusions has increased for a variety of reasons, including the ability to collect granulocytes in higher numbers using granulocyte colony stimulating factor , an increased incidence of therapy related neutropenia and a rise in antibiotic resistance .
Lung cancer is the number one cause of cancer related death in the United States . Furthermore, inhibiting STAT3 activity abrogates the transforming effects of EGFR activating mutations . Thus STAT3 is a key molecule in maintaining a transformed phenotype and inhibition of STAT3 has become a potential target for drug development in lung cancer .
The Drosophila photoresponse is a very fast and highly controlled G protein coupled cascade and has proven to be a preeminent model system to investigate prevalent and conserved neuronal molecular signaling mechanisms . Some of the signaling molecules are organized by an additional rhabdomeric specific scaffolding protein, INAD . This spatial organization likely contributes to the exceptionally fast kinetic response of Drosophila phototransduction  .
Many changes occur in the final hours of life ,  and family members of those dying at home need to be prepared for these changes, both to understand what is happening and to provide care . Families that are better prepared have more confidence in their caregiving ability and better closure . Lack of preparedness is associated with anxiety , major depression ,  and complicated grief  .
Studies show that, in rodents, ovariectomy impairs and estradiol enhances performance on a variety of learning, memory, and attention tasks . In addition, selective destruction of cholinergic neurons in the medial septum blocked the effects of estradiol on learning in a delayed matching to position  T maze task , as well as on synaptic spine density in the hippocampus . Intrahippocampal infusion of muscarinic cholinergic receptor inhibitors likewise blocked E effects on acquisition of an 8 arm radial maze task .
In the normal murine mucosal plexus, blood flow is generally smooth and continuous. In inflammatory conditions, such as chemically induced murine colitis, the mucosal plexus demonstrates markedly abnormal flow patterns. The inflamed mucosal plexus is associated with not only widely variable changes in blood flow velocity , but discontinuous and even bidirectional flow .
Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma  is the third most common cancer of the digestive tract and the seventh leading cause of cancer related deaths worldwide. ESCC is one of the most aggressive types of cancer . In addition to the many difficulties of curative resection, postoperative recurrences are often resistant to the currently available radiochemotherapies.
Exposure of cells and tissues to xenobiotics or physico chemical sources of oxidative stress  causes the generation of reactive oxygen species , which in turn can cause damage by interacting with cellular macromolecules such as DNA, proteins, and lipids, as well as by forming secondary toxic products. P53 plays an important role in apoptosis, growth arrest, genomic stability, cell senescence, and differentiation. It is normally kept at a low concentration in cells by its relatively short half life.
Human papillomaviruses  are small, double stranded, circular DNA viruses that infect squamous epithelial cells. The viral proteins E1 and E2 function together in HPV genome amplification . Our previous work indicated that HPVs could be stably maintained in the absence of E1 and E2, suggesting the existence of cis acting maintenance elements  .
Arithmetic operations such as division and subtraction are a fundamental and widespread property of inhibition in neuronal networks. On the other hand, subtractive inhibition can sharpen the selectivity of neurons,, possibly increasing the discrimination capability of cell populations and thereby behavioral performance . Differences regarding the role of PV+ and SOM+ neurons could be imputed to differences in optogenetic stimulation protocols, suggesting that the functions performed by different inhibitory neurons is not a fixed property of cortical networks but is a consequence of more complex dynamics .
The pedunculopontine tegmental nucleus  is now accepted as one of the basal ganglia family of structures, being intimately connected with many parts of the basal ganglia, such as the globus pallidus, subthalamic nucleus and substantia nigra pars compacta . Parkinson’s disease patients present motor impairments, but also have cognitive deficits that appear in advance of the motor impairments . This is not surprising, given that the basal ganglia play a role in action selection and in the learning of action outcome associations and stimulus response habits .
To generate a stable and economical gait pattern, it is critical to activate ankle plantar flexor muscles with the correct timing and appropriate magnitude to produce trailing limb push off during late stance. In humans, the ankle mechanical power burst provides the majority of positive work required to restore the energy lost in redirecting the center of mass in step to step transitions . In addition to the correct timing, adequate magnitude of ankle push off is necessary to reduce energy loss due to collision in the leading leg.
Surgical management of urolithiasis has changed significantly since the introduction of shock wave lithotripsy  in the early 1980’s,,,. Despite the discovery of shock wave induced stone fracture almost 40 years ago, the acoustic output of lithotripters remains similar to the original implementation. Newer lithotripters exhibit different focal dimensions and pressures, but all systems deliver single shock waveforms at a rate of 12 Hz with a maximal dose of approximately 25003000 shocks.
Whereas exploration of ethnic and racial identity for adolescents of color in psychology has burgeoned over the past decade, “Whiteness” remains an under investigated construct, often unseen and unacknowledged . However, there is increasing awareness that acknowledgement and exploration of White racial identity are important steps toward recognizing and understanding racism and White privilege . A recent trend in scholarship on White racial identity highlights the complexity of White identity , emphasizing the diversity within the White population.
Cd is an important industrial and environmental pollutant that can exert adverse effects on multiple organ systems . However, with the chronic, low level patterns of exposure that are common in humans, the kidney is the primary target of toxicity, where Cd causes a generalized dysfunction of the proximal tubule characterized by polyuria and low molecular weight proteinuria . Several recent studies have highlighted the fact that adverse renal effects of Cd may result from even low levels of exposure and that children and individuals with confounding health conditions, such as diabetes, may be especially susceptible  .
Oral synthetic Δ9 tetrahydrocannabinol  is approved by the US Food and Drug Administration as a treatment for AIDS related anorexia and chemotherapy induced emesis . Objective monitoring of cannabis relapse and medication compliance is critical during treatment of cannabis use disorders. Clinical use of urine toxicology testing to differentiate oral THC medication compliance from smoked cannabis has been difficult .
Osteosarcoma  is the most common primary bone tumor in both dogs and man . OSA most commonly arises in the appendicular skeleton and affected bones develop both trabecular and cortical osteolysis. In addition to lysis, affected bones have variable degrees of reactive bone formation in both the endosteal and periosteal compartments, as well as osteoid formation by the tumor cells.
Magnetic resonance imaging  studies have substantially advanced our knowledge of brain atrophy in Alzheimer’s Disease  . In the initial stages of AD, atrophy appears to have a predilection for brain regions with heavy deposits of neurofibrillary tangles . Consistent with this pattern of neurofibrillary pathology, the volume of the entorhinal cortex and hippocampus have been shown to discriminate patients with AD or MCI vs. cognitively normal subjects to be associated with the progression from MCI to AD  .
Head and neck cancer  is the fifth most common form of cancer and causes over 350,000 deaths globally each year . Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma  patients account for approximately 90% of all head and neck malignancies  . Cetuximab is a monoclonal anti EGFR antibody which was approved for the treatment of HNSCC in 2006.
Phosphorylation is one of the most prevalent and important posttranslational modifications. kinase consensus sites, which promote phosphorylation of amino acid residues, are some of the most abundant domains in eukaryotic organisms, thus illustrating the importance of phosphorylation. Phosphorylation also greatly influences the function of proteins in which protein/phosphate interactions affects their structure.
Group A Streptococcus  is responsible for a wide range of human infections, including pharyngitis and tonsillitis, skin infections, sepsis, a toxic shock syndrome, and necrotizing fasciitis . Until recently, there was little association of GAS and biofilms in the published literature. One of the first observations was reported by  in a study examining GAS in skin infections.
In geriatric medicine, the term “frailty” has been used loosely to describe a condition characterized by increased vulnerability to stressors because of impairment in physiological reserve, leading to increased risk for adverse health outcomes. The past several years have witnessed progress in moving towards a standard and measurable conceptualization of the frailty syndrome. Definitions have varied, but frailty phenotypes in recent epidemiologic studies have typically included muscle weakness, fatigue, slowness, low physical activity and unintended weight loss.
The X linked fragile × mental retardation gene  contains a triplet CGG repeat in the 5’ UTR region that is associated with the mental retardation syndrome, fragile × . Due to mechanisms that are presently unclear, the triplet repeat can become unstable and expand from one generation to the next. Males with FXS typically have mild to severe mental retardation, developmental delay, hyperactivity, social anxiety and other anxiety disorders, and autistic like features.
The burden of methamphetamine addiction is increasing in the United States; available SAMHSA reports show 8% of all drug/alcohol treatment admissions involve methamphetamine and treatment studies report frequent relapses to methamphetamine seeking among those that are trying to quit . It increases mortality, morbidity, and economic costs. Therefore, successfully reducing risk behaviors, such as methamphetamine abuse, can potentially result in large public health gains ) .
Anthropogenic deposition of pollutant compounds has led to the proliferation of microbes capable of degrading a wide range of compounds and utilizing a variety of terminal electron acceptors . Examples include organisms capable of using AsO4−  and SeO4−  from industrial or agricultural output. Cld is a protophorphyrin IX  heme enzyme responsible for decomposition of chlorite into Cl− and O2.
Hyperglycemia leads to production of reactive oxygen species , which results in formation of advanced glycated end products . AGE induced microvascular and macrovascular complications of diabetes mellitus  are very well documented in experimental and clinical studies., In addition to AGE production, ROS lead to production of toxic reactive aldehydes such as malondialdehyde , acetaldehyde, and 4 hydroxy 2 nonenal . Aldehyde dehydrogenases  are a group of enzymes that metabolize toxic aldehydes into nontoxic acids.
Alcohol use disorders  are characterized by maladaptive patterns of alcohol consumption manifested by symptoms leading to clinically significant impairment or distress . These disorders are not only among the most prevalent mental disorders worldwide but contribute to the development of more than 60 disease conditions and account for 4% of the global burden of disease  . Current data indicate that alcohol use disorders are pervasive among Western countries , and maybe increasing in developing countries .
The development of safe and effective vaccines remains a standard and a benchmark for the control of respiratory virus infection. For infections with the unbiquitous human pathogen, respiratory syncytial virus , this goal has not yet been reached. Along with efforts directed toward human clinical trials , there is also significant interest in exploring alternative models for preclinical experimental research.
Glaucoma is the second leading cause of blindness worldwide, with an estimated 60 million people affected . In the United States, primary open angle glaucoma  is the most common type of glaucoma . POAG is an age related progressive optic nerve degeneration caused by irreversible destruction of retinal ganglion cells eventually leading to blindness.
Human immunodeficiency virus types 1 and 2  are the two etiological causative agents of AIDS. HIV 1 is observed worldwide, while HIV 2 is more prevalent in Western Africa. ,, There are 10 FDA approved HIV 1 protease inhibitors  today.
Calorie restriction , in the absence of malnutrition, has been reliably demonstrated to protect against age related diseases and to prolong healthy lifespan in several shorter lived animal models . Brain white matter  is especially sensitive to inflammatory and oxidative damage due to its high metabolic activity . Using diffusion tensor imaging , a type of magnetic resonance imaging  that is sensitive to WM fiber integrity by observing water diffusion , our group has previously demonstrated that there is an inverse relationship between age and DTI measures related to WM integrity in diverse association and projection fiber tracks .
Poor response to antiplatelet drugs is associated with adverse outcomes. We assessed platelet inhibition and its stability and tested correlation and agreement between platelet function assays . Peripheral blood from 58 patients on both aspirin and clopidogrel who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention  was collected at hospital discharge  and at 3090 days .
We have previously reported a neuroprotective role of sodium pyruvate  treatment in a rat model of cortical contusion injury  . In those studies a single SP injection  within 5 min after CCI was found to significantly increase the brain's extracellular concentration of pyruvate, attenuating the CCI induced decrease in extracellular glucose and increase in extracellular lactate . A single SP treatment was also found to significantly reduce the numbers of dead/dying neurons in the peri contusional cortex at 6 h post CCI.
Myelin, the insulating sheath that wraps around the axons facilitating the rapid saltatory conduction of impulses, is made in the central nervous system  by the oligodendrocytes , cells which also play a crucial role in establishing axoglial interactions responsible for clustering of sodium channels at the nodes of Ranvier . Thus, the ideal MS treatment should address the loss of both myelin and functional myelinating OLGs. During embryogenesis, OLGs arise from a pool of progenitors within the ventricular and subventricular zone  .
Cardiovascular  disease remains the leading cause of death in the United States,  although it is preventable through nutrition and physical activity. Latinos are less likely to receive prevention messages than other racial/ethnic groups  in part due to limited access to health services. Computer technology is rarely used for health promotion among Latinos, although it may greatly extend the reach, fidelity and sustainability of health promotion efforts.
The capacity of the adult cortex to undergo reorganization was first demonstrated in the pioneering studies of Merzenich, Kaas and colleagues . In these studies the median nerve, which innervates the medial volar surface of the hand in primates, was transected and electrophysiological recordings were carried out in the somatosensory cortex. Acute mapping revealed that islands of novel receptive field inputs conveyed by the intact radial and ulnar nerves were immediately expressed in the “median nerve cortex” .
Despite the introduction of highly active antiretroviral therapy  which efficiently suppresses viral replication and normalizes immunologic parameters, a significant number of HIV 1   infected patients show progressive loss of cognitive abilities. The effector molecules and mechanisms that regulate monocyte migration across the BBB remain poorly defined. A disrupted BBB allows accumulation of toxic serum proteins and increased infiltration of monocytes and lymphocytes, thereby accelerating inflammation and viral entry into the CNS.
Recent estimates suggest that 40% of currently marketed drugs and up to 75% of drugs in development may be regarded as ‘poorly water soluble’ . These drug candidates are a challenge to deliver via the oral route as their absorption is often poor and unpredictable when administered in conventional  dosage forms . Intestinal lymphatic transport has the additional benefits of the potential to enhance bioavailability through avoidance of first pass metabolism in the enterocyte  as well as the liver , and may influence drug activity and toxicity by altering drug clearance  and distribution .
Juvenile primary fibromyalgia syndrome  is a pediatric chronic pain condition typically first diagnosed in the early adolescent years, and affecting mostly females . Symptoms of JPFS include widespread musculoskeletal pain, multiple painful tender points, disrupted sleep, chronic fatigue, and other associated features . Yet, objective physical functioning in patients with JPFS has not been documented .
During the past few years it has been recognized that non coding RNAs play a much wider than anticipated role in many aspects of the replication, processing, modification and regulation of genetic information. Similar to a retrotransposon, VS RNA is converted into a DNA plasmid through enzymatic action of a reverse transcriptase encoded on the coexisting V retroplasmid. The reverse transcriptase requires a circular monomeric VS RNA template to generate the VS plasmid, which in turn is transcribed by mitochondrial RNA polymerase into multimeric VS RNA copies.
Tetralogy of Fallot  is a cyanotic congenital heart lesion with a prevalence of 0.26 0.80 per 1000 live births, accounting for approximately 10 percent of all cases of congenital heart disease. The surgical repair of TOF involves closure of the ventricular septal defect  and relief of the right ventricular  outflow tract obstruction. Originally, surgical repair of TOF was performed in older children; however, current clinical management involves complete repair in infancy, usually before the age of one year.
Hypoxia inducible factor 1  is a heterodimeric transcription factor that plays a key role in cellular adaptations to hypoxia  by controlling the expression of a series of genes involved in angiogenesis, oxygen transport and glucose metabolism . Hypoxia occurs in many pathological processes, including ischemic heart disease, stroke, cancer, chronic lung disease, and congestive heart failure . Thus, HIF 1 has attracted a great deal of attention in the past few decades and serves as a pharmaceutical and gene therapeutic target for many diseases .
Vesicular stomatitis virus  is the prototypic rhabdovirus belonging to the order Mononegavirales. During transcription, the first biosynthetic event in the viral replication process, the virion associated RdRp complex, composed of the L and P proteins, transcribes each of the five genes into discrete mRNAs in an obligatorily sequential manner . Numerous studies have investigated the differences between mRNA transcription and genome replication.
High Intensity Focused Ultrasound  aims at thermally coagulating the tissue at the focus of the transducer through application of a continuous high energy acoustic beam. Irreversible cell damage, also known as a thermal lesion, is formed through absorption of focal acoustic energy in soft tissues. Moreover, it can be confined only in the focal region without inducing irreversible thermal damage to the surrounding medium.
Ventilator associated pneumonia  occurs in up to 20% of patients mechanically ventilated for >48 h and is typically associated with mortality rates of ~30%. VAP therefore has a higher mortality than any other hospital acquired infection, and exerts a large financial burden on health services. Although estimates of the attributable mortality vary, most studies describe a significant associated mortality and morbidity.
The two mouse pituitary cell lines, αT3 1 and LβT2, were established by targeted oncogenesis using the promoter of either the common α subunit gene , or that of the luteinizing hormone β subunit . As such, a comparison between these two cell lines should reveal differences in expression or modification of proteins that have a novel and crucial regulatory role in determining gonadotropin β subunit gene expression . Several groups have taken high throughput approaches to study these cells, although they have been limited to genomic analyses.
Exfoliation syndrome can lead to serious ocular disease, such as secondary glaucoma and retinal vein occlusion. It can also lead to premature cataract and is frequently associated with cataract surgery complications. However, LOXL1 gene variants occur in roughly 80% of controls, indicating that many unanswered questions remain regarding the etiology of exfoliation syndrome .
Thrombosis is a major complication of hypertension  and other risk factors for cardiovascular disease . Angiotensin II has been implicated as a mediator of the thrombosis that accompanies HTN based on clinical studies that demonstrate a lower incidence of thrombotic events in patients treated with either angiotensin converting enzyme  inhibitors or angiotensin II receptor blockers  . The increased risk for thrombus development in HTN patients is also associated with abnormalities in platelet function  , coagulation , and fibrinolysis  .
Vascular injury and subsequent thrombus formation are key events of thrombotic disorders such as myocardial infarction, stroke or deep vein thrombosis and they are a major cause of mortality in western countries. Thrombolytic therapy is an important means of establishing reperfusion after a thrombotic event. These drugs convert the pro enzyme, plasminogen, into plasmin, which digests the fibrin network stabilizing the thrombus thus causing its lysis .
Cryptococcus gattii is a basidiomycetous yeast within the Cryptococcus pathogenic species complex . No or limited genetic exchange appears to occur between VG groups, indicating these likely represent cryptic species  . C. gattii emerged as a pathogen when it precipitated an outbreak of cryptococcosis on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, which began in 1999 and is ongoing .
A common cognitive strategy for dealing with distressing thoughts is to attempt to suppress the unwanted and intrusive thoughts from one’s mind . In an effort to assess thought suppression,  constructed the White Bear Suppression Inventory . In their original WBSI investigation,  found that increased AS was associated with the tendency to use thought suppression.
In 2011, the American Board of Internal Medicine Foundation created the Choosing Wisely initiative, which encourages physicians to be responsible stewards of finite healthcare resources. Through this programme, specialty societies have created lists of “Five Things Physicians and Patients Should Question”. Cardiac testing in low risk patients appears on the Choosing Wisely lists of six specialty societies .
It is increasingly apparent that tumorigenesis depends not only on the acquisition of genetic alterations, but also on epigenetic perturbations that add an important layer of transcriptional control to the cancer genome. This type of alteration involves chemical modifications of DNA or histones that do not affect the nucleotide composition of cancer cells . This chemical event frequently occurs in GC rich sequences, known as CpG islands, located in 6070% of the promoters or first exons of known genes .
Endogenously released nitric oxide  plays an important role in the control of vascular and tubular function in the kidney . The contribution of endogenous NO to renal function has been established, in part, from the responses to L arginine analogues that inhibit nitric oxide synthase  and elicit renal vasoconstriction in dogs and rodents . In contrast to the renal vasoconstriction observed consistently, the effects of NOS inhibitors on sodium excretion are variable and appear to depend on the route of infusion.
Gastric cancer  is the fourth most common malignancy, but the second most common cause of cancer related death worldwide . While DGC is not well characterized, IGC is known to progress through a series of histologic stages starting with gastritis and progressing over decades to atrophy , intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia, and finally adenocarcinoma  . Individuals that are infected with H. pylori nearly always develop a non atrophic gastritis , which in itself is largely asymptomatic, but in some cases progresses to gastric cancer.
Chemotherapeutic modalities have significant side effects including high costs and poor clinical outcomes . Such a strategy can significantly reduce the side effects and improve the outcomes in the therapy. Consequently, the drugs in the carriers cannot completely take effect in the therapies.
Angiogenesis  plays an important role in physiological processes and in pathological conditions such as cancer and age related macular degeneration . The initiation of angiogenesis is dependent on a dynamic balance between proangiogenic and anti angiogenic factors. ECM components comprise a major group of angiogenesis mediators .
Esophageal adenocarcinomas commonly express the Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor . This trial assessed the six month overall survival probability in metastatic esophageal cancer patients treated with cetuximab as second line therapy . Eligibility included 1) a histologic diagnosis of adenocarcinoma of the thoracic esophagus or gastroesophageal junction; 2) measurable disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors ; 3) one prior regimen of chemotherapy for metastatic or recurrent disease.
China has experienced a rapid increase in diabetes prevalence among adults, from 3% in 1994 to 11.6% in 2010 . In China food patterning indicates that rice and wheat are key distinct characteristics that belong to different dietary patterns, and patterns containing wheat are characterized as more heterogeneous and Westernized . Most of the studies associating dietary patterns with health outcomes include diet from only one point in time and are not able to capture longitudinal changes in dietary patterns.
Sulfur mustard  sulfide), is a strong vesicant and an alkylating chemical warfare agent. It was first used in World War I and has since been utilized in numerous conflicts, including the IraqIran war . However, despite extensive research attempts, complete understanding of the multiple molecular mechanisms and signaling pathways involved in HD induced skin inflammation and injury in an efficient animal model, is still lacking.
Recent technological and computational advances have made it possible to study biology as an information science . Several high throughput measurement technologies have expanded the possibilities of molecular biology, making it possible to measure the behavior of biological systems at the molecular level for multiple genes. Equally dramatic changes have been seen in the accumulation of biological information.
In the peripheral nervous system, nerve injury is followed by Wallerian degeneration, in which the axons undergo demyelination. Typically after injury, SCs also de differentiate into an immature phenotype, proliferate, and align in the remaining basal lamina to guide regenerating axons from the proximal to the distal end of the nerve . The de differentiated SCs revert to an immature state and secrete supporting molecules, such as growth factors and extracellular matrix molecules, to further support the regenerating axons .
Humans in negative emotional states commonly exhibit a negative judgement bias when confronted with ambiguous stimuli . Recently, this link between emotional state and cognitive biases has been adopted to develop a tool to detect affective states in animals. Since then, a number of studies have found evidence for judgement biases elicited by both positive and negative affective states in a wide range of species, including mammals , birds  and insects .
Neural encoding of complex learned motor skills is poorly understood. The best characterized motor systems are rhythmic and, in these systems, network oscillations play key roles in motor control . What guides the assembly of oscillatory networks  is not well understood .
Hyperdopaminergia has been implicated in numerous neuropsychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. DAT abnormalities have been implicated in schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder  . DAT knockout  mice lack the gene coding for the DAT and exhibit chronic hyperdopaminergia compared with wild type  mice .
Sall4 is a highly conserved C2H2 zinc finger transcription factor that exists in two isoforms  generated by an internal splicing event in exon two . Sall4 plays a similar role in normal hematopoiesis by promoting self renewal and inhibiting differentiation of hematopoietic stem cells  . Expression of Sall4 has been demonstrated in acute myeloid leukemia  samples and overexpression of Sall4b in a transgenic mouse model leads to the development of myelodysplastic syndrome and AML .
In recent years, array comparative genomic hybridization has been used to map chromosome regions that contain genes required for normal diaphragm formation . These array studies and previous cytogenetic case reports have shown that monosomy for distal chromosome 4p16 can be associated with congenital diaphragmatic hernia . Deletions of 4p16 are also associated with WolfHirschhorn syndrome , and there are several reports of WHS patients who have had terminal deletions of chromosome 4p and CDH .
In the 1930s Mary Crowell and Clive McCay reported that rats submitted to calorie restriction  live almost twice as long as non restricted rats. Since that time, findings from a diverse range of species support the view that CR exerts beneficial effects on health and longevity . In mammals, an inverse relationship exists between the degree of CR and morbidity associated with disease and early death .
Juvenile hormones , the unique sesquiterprenoid hormones synthesized and secreted by the corpora allata  region of ring glands play important roles in insect embryonic development, metamorphosis, and reproduction . JH is critical for insect maturation and the concentration of JH is regulated by tissue specific rates of biosynthesis, release, and degradation . Insects synthesize FPP, the 15 carbon precursor of JH, dolichol, ubiquinon and prenylated proteins, from acetyl CoA via the classical mevalonate pathway.
Medical professional liability  remains an area of intense concern for physicians of all specialties. It is also an area of concern for policymakers, with estimated annual direct and indirect costs from the liability system  of over $55 billion in the U.S. Despite growing evidence on how MPL risk varies according to physician specialty,  limited data are available on the liability risk faced by U.S. cardiologists,  specialists for whom the MPL landscape may be particularly complicated.
Death from cardiovascular diseases  is a profound clinical and public health challenge, claiming over 910,000 lives per year in the United States. , It is by far, the leading cause of death in this and most industrialized nations. Approximately 60% of deaths from CVD  are sudden cardiac deaths.
Animal models of CNS damage have been used for decades to understand how surviving neurons reorganize their connectivity after losing input from the site of an injury. It is hoped that such an understanding will facilitate efforts to improve adaptive neural restructuring and behavioral outcome. In rats, unilateral lesions of the forelimb representation regions of the sensorimotor cortex  result in sensory and motor deficits in the contralateral forelimb and a compensatory reliance on the less affected  forelimb.
The ability to grip objects allows us to perform many activities of daily living such as eating and drinking. When we lift an object there is a parallel increase in grip force and load force before lift off . Predicting an appropriate grip force output is an important component of the planning process.
Hypercholesterolemia plays a central role in the pathology and exacerbation of numerous diseases, with reduction and management of cholesterol levels advised for multiple diseases, including cardiovascular disease,  and diabetes, . Reducing cholesterol levels is a common therapeutic goal, with treatment guidelines describing reduction of low density lipoprotein cholesterol  as a primary target and marker for the efficacy of clinical intervention. Multiple strategies exist for reducing both LDL C and total cholesterol  levels that generally start with lifestyle changes .
Epigenetic silencing of tumor suppressor genes via DNA hypermethylation has been established as a common hallmark of oncogenesis . The methylation of CpG dinucleotides, particularly at gene promoters and regulatory regions, has been shown to induce epigenetic gene silencing via the recruitment of methyl binding domain  proteins such as MBD2, Methyl CpG Binding Domain Protein 1  and Methyl CpG Binding Protein 2  and their associated chromatin remodeling/co repressor complexes such as Mi2 NuRD . These complexes are capable of remodeling the local chromatin and preventing the transcriptional machinery from gaining access to DNA, leading to transcriptional repression .
Over 90% of children with standard risk acute lymphoblastic leukemia  become long term survivors . The duration of therapy is 23 years, involving frequent clinic visits, unanticipated hospitalizations, and other therapy related complications. Children suffer fatigue, nausea, prolonged absence from school, and behavioral changes as side effects of chemotherapy.
Early repolarization , thought previously to be a benign entity, was recently shown, to be more prevalent in patients with a history of idiopathic ventricular fibrillation. Electrocardiographic Imaging ,, is a novel noninvasive imaging modality that generates electroanatomic maps of epicardial activation and repolarization . ECGI was applied to image the cardiac epicardial activation and repolarization patterns and compare these to previously published data, of normal human cardiac electrophysiology.
Cilia serve important functions as motile organelles in most eukaryotic organisms, and also serve as sensory signaling platforms even when motility has been lost, as seen in many cell types of multicellular metazoa, including vertebrates. This broad range of functions has stimulated much recent work on mechanisms that regulate the trafficking of proteins to and from the ciliary compartment . Thus the identification of conserved proteins important for ODA assembly provides new candidate genes for human PCD .
NF κB represents a family of inducible transcription factors that regulates the expression of genes involved in apoptosis and cell proliferation. Mammary NF κB consists predominantly of p65/p50 heterodimers . Aberrant activation of NF κB is very common in cancers .
Cutis laxa  is a rare connective tissue disorder characterized by lax, redundant, and inelastic skin. CL is a genetically heterogenous condition including the autosomal dominant  and autosomal recessive  forms. The autosomal dominant form is caused by mutations in the elastin  gene and presents with additional manifestations such as gastrointestinal diverticula, hernias, uterine prolapse, pulmonary artery stenosis, aortic and arterial dilatation and tortuosity, Raynaud's phenomenon, bronchiectasis, and emphysema .
Lipins are highly conserved, dual function proteins centrally involved in both lipid metabolism and the regulation of the expression of certain genes. They are phosphatidic acid phosphatases that generate diacylglycerol as an intermediate in the production of triacylglycerol and phospholipids. They are peripherally associated with the endoplasmic reticulum where they participate in lipid metabolism but also can travel to the nucleus and influence the activity of a number of transcription factors, thereby potentially linking lipid metabolism to gene expression.
Na+/H+ exchanger regulatory factor 1  is a multi domain scaffolding protein localized in the apical membrane of polarized epithelial cells belonging to the Na+ H+ exchanger regulatory factor family of proteins . Members of this protein family interact with a number of tyrosine kinase receptors, G protein coupled receptors and ion transport proteins . In addition, NHERF1 ezrin interactions are involved in regulating cell shape and migration, and has been implicated in cancer through interactions with platelet derived growth factor receptor , merlin , β catenin and PTEN  .
The effects of stressors on alcohol seeking in laboratory rodents have been investigated for a number of years using the reinstatement procedure. Different pharmacological stressors also vary in their effects on reinstatement. Yohimbine, a prototypical alpha 2 adrenoceptor antagonist, induces a marked reinstatement of responding for alcohol , while FG 7142, an inverse benzodiazepine receptor agonist is ineffective .
Multiple system atrophy  is a sporadic, adult onset disease characterized by progressive neurodegeneration in various parts of the central nervous system involving in particular the basal ganglia, brainstem, cerebellum, and intermediolateral cell columns of the spinal cord but also the cerebral cortex. , Neuropathological hallmark of MSA are α synuclein positive oligodendroglial cytoplasmic inclusions . According to the clinical presentation, a parkinsonian  and a cerebellar variant of MSA  are distinguished.
HIV stigma as a barrier to HIV prevention and treatment has been documented. Targeting norms, attitudes, and views has reduced HIV risk behavior in different subgroups ; however, interventions specifically targeting HIV stigma are lacking domestically . Furthermore, studies that measure HIV stigma in vulnerable Black and Latino groups are scant.
Overexpression of matrix metalloproteinases  is a hallmark of invasive cancers . This enzyme family has multiple functions, including cleaving various extracellular matrix components . MMPs capable of cleaving type I collagen triple helices, the main matrix component in many tissues, are collagenases  and gelatinase A  .
This paper grew out of an American Academy of Pediatrics project reviewing progress in the area of children's oral health since the Surgeon General's Report on Oral Health. It includes a summary of key advances in national dental care and oral health surveillance of children with special health care needs , and presents more recent national data on dental care need among CSHCN. Prior to the year 2000, there existed no population based study describing the dental care utilization or needs among children with special health care needs  residing in the United States.
Phosphorylation of the regulatory light chain  of smooth muscle and non muscle myosin affects two major properties of these class II myosins: it enhances the actin activated ATPase activity , and it affects the solubility of myosin by favoring filament formation . Biochemical studies have shown that the inhibited state requires two myosin heads, because single headed species are constitutively active . Dephosphorylation reduces the actin activated ATPase activity of smooth muscle heavy meromyosin  by more than 25 fold, while only slightly reducing actin binding , suggesting that ATPase inhibition primarily affects product release .
The main function of cell membranes is to prevent the uncontrolled exchange of highly polar species, especially ions, between the cell and its environment. The energy barrier is highest for nontitratable charges, such as small ions. Titratable groups, such as the ionizable protein side chains, face a lower barrier because they can pick up or lose a proton and become neutral.
The WilliamsBeuren syndrome  is characterized by mental retardation with unique cognitive and personality profile and multiple dysmorphic and metabolic features. The hemizygosity of this region is almost exclusively due to sporadic de novo deletions. ,, Further genotypephenotype correlations have been proposed following diagnosis of atypical patients presenting smaller or ‘shifted’ deletions.
Enamel, the outermost tissue of the human tooth, serves as a protective enclosure for the dentin and the vital pulp . The prisms are surrounded by a ‘sheath’ of non collagenous organic matrix . As such, the mechanical properties of enamel have been widely studied and discussed in the literature.
The input to any one cortical neuron consists largely of the output from other cortical cells . This simple observation, combined with experimental measurements of cortical activity, impose powerful constraint on models of cortical circuits. Violations of self consistency pose a challenge for theoretical models of cortical networks .
Estrogen related receptor alpha  is an orphan member of the nuclear receptor  superfamily that shares considerable structural homology to the classical estrogen receptors ERα and ERβ. It is unclear therefore, considering the known biology of ERRα, how this receptor is involved in tumor pathophysiology . Despite the inability of ERRα to respond directly to estrogens and antiestrogens, this receptor may affect ERα signaling at the level of target gene transcription.
Intimate partner violence  is a highly prevalent and concerning problem among substance abusing populations. For example, in a recent study involving a national U.S. sample, individuals with a history of either IPV victimization or perpetration were found to be up to 6 times more likely to have a substance use disorder after adjusting for socioeconomic factors . Studies have repeatedly demonstrated a link between alcohol and illicit drug use and a greater likelihood of being both a perpetrator of IPV as well as a victim .
Plants are subject to a variety of biotic and abiotic stresses such as the presence of pathogens, insect or mechanical injury, and several environmental stresses. These stresses lead to changes in hormone levels and gene expression that occur within minutes and activate local and systemic responses. Many of these adaptive responses are regulated by the plant hormone jasmonic acid and its derivatives, collectively referred to as jasmonates .
Pyridoxal 5′ phosphate  is a necessary cofactor of enzymes involved in many reactions of amino acid metabolism, such as transamination, elimination, etc. . While the importance of PLP in metabolism is well established, the possibility and consequences of its conjugation to proteins not involved in general metabolic processes has received much less attention.
Type 2 diabetes and its associated cardiovascular complications comprise a worldwide health threat. , Although patients with obesity related diabetes have an increased incidence of heart failure following myocardial infarction, they are also prone to develop heart failure in the absence of significant coronary artery disease. Human studies and animal models demonstrate that diabetes and obesity are associated with accumulation of myocyte fat.
Gene amplifications and overexpressions are among the major genomic aberrations involved in the esophageal squamous cell carcinomas  pathogenesis . Our recent work of comparative DNA fingerprinting with inter simple sequence repeat PCR  identified a series of amplifications and deletions in ESCC . Further analysis of the amplified ISSR PCR bands in ESCC led to the identification of a frequently amplified 357 bp sequence that showed an exact homology to an expressed sequence tag  sequence  at 7q22.
The intracellular lipid second messenger sn 1, 2 diacylglycerol  constitutes a signaling node linking external stimuli to a broad range of critical cellular functions. DAG interacts with its downstream effectors via a specialized motif, the C1 domain. The C1 domain was first identified in the protein kinase C  family members, and these proteins continue to be the most extensively studied class of C1 domain containing proteins.
Active transit to work  has received increased attention as a contributor to physical activity and health. , However, active transit to neighborhood amenities such as nearby stores or parks has received less attention, and little is known about cycling versus walking for transportation . Neighborhood amenities are central to urban planning strategies that encourage alternative transportation modes by placing retail and other destinations close to homes.
Space flight and bed rest  lead to muscle atrophy. This study assessed the effect of essential amino acid supplementation  and resistance training with decreased energy intake on molecular changes in skeletal muscle after 28d BR and 14d recovery . Thirty one men  subjected to an 8±6% energy deficit were randomized to receive EAA without resistance training , EAA 3 h after , or 5 min before  resistance training .
Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a multifactorial disease, with the interaction of genetic susceptibility, age, lifestyle, and environmental factors contributing to its development. Some epidemiologic and experimental evidence suggests that chronic exposure to cadmium  may be associated with an increased risk for developing dysglycemia and diabetes mellitus  . However, other epidemiologic studies have shown mixed or no such association .
Protein phosphorylation is one of the most common and important post translational modifications . Since recently developed MS/MS techniques, electron capture dissociation  and electron transfer dissociation , preserve labile phosphorylation during the MS/MS process,, they have been shown to be uniquely valuable for reliably mapping phosphorylation sites and determining phosphorylated positional isomers. Commonly used phosphopeptide enrichment methods,, can be grouped into chemical and affinity based methods.
p21 WAF1/Cip1, a member of Cip/Kip family and a transcriptional target of p53, functions mainly as a regulator of cell cycle progression and differentiation by inhibiting cyclin dependent kinase  activity . More recently, emerging evidence suggests additional functions for p21 including a role in regulation of apoptosis . In addition, several lines of evidence have suggested that p21 can exhibit pro apoptotic properties.
The renin angiotensin system  is well known for its physiological and pathophysiological roles in the regulation of blood pressure  and cardiovascular function. , A new component of the RAS, Angiotensin  converting enzyme  2 has been identified, from human heart failure ventricle and lymphoma cDNA libraries . Although the ACE2 transcript was first described in heart, kidney and testis, additional studies reported ACE2 mRNA in rat medulla oblongata and ACE2 activity in mouse brain.
The resistance of pathogenic microorganisms to current antibiotics is a public health problem of major concern. The main consequences are: 1  An increase of nosocomial diseases contracted in hospitals : 5% of all hospitalized patients, at an annual cost exceeding 2 billion dollars per year resulting from infection by opportunistic pathogens such as Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Candida albicans, Clostridium difficile. 2  A re emergence of historic diseases such as tuberculosis  and plague .
Besides its role in coagulation, thrombin elicits both mitogenic and motogenic actions in a variety of cell types, including vascular smooth muscle cells  . Thrombin mediates its effects via G protein coupled protease activated receptors , specifically the high affinity receptor, PAR 1 . Furthermore, it was reported that transactivation of RTKs, particularly EGFR by GPCR agonists, is sufficient in the propagation of signaling events downstream to receptor activation .
Heart failure  is the most common reason for hospitalization in the US among those 65 years and older, and has a relatively poor prognosis . Studies of hospitalized HF focus mainly on patients that present to the hospital with symptoms of acute decompensated HF ; however, ADHF may develop after admission to the hospital . Post admission onset of ADHF may be iatrogenic such as precipitated by procedures or surgery, intravenous fluid administration, changes in medications, or it may be precipitated by a comorbid medical problem such as myocardial infarction , pulmonary embolus, or atrial fibrillation .
The cyclooxygenase enzymes COX 1 and COX 2 catalyze the first committed step in prostaglandin synthesis . The five downstream prostanoid products, PGE2, PGF2α, PGD2, PGI2 , and TXA2  are lipid signaling messengers that activate specific G protein coupled receptors  designated EP , FP, DP, IP, and TP receptors, respectively ). Activation of prostaglandin receptors leads to changes in the production of cAMP and/or phosphoinositol turnover and intracellular Ca2+ mobilization .
Klebsiella pneumoniae is an opportunistic pathogen, which has been implicated in serious nosocomial infections and associated with high rates of mortality, particularly in immunocompromised patients. In view of the waning antibacterial development pipeline, interest in colistin  and polymyxin B has been renewed, and both are increasingly used as a last line therapy. Extremely drug resistant strains, which are also resistant to polymyxins, have emerged., Lipid A is embedded within the outer membrane leaflet, functioning as a hydrophobic anchor.
The term ductal carcinoma in situ  encompasses a heterogeneous group of lesions that differ in their clinical presentation, histopathologic features, biologic, molecular and genetic markers, and clinical course. The widespread use of mammographic screening has resulted in a striking increase in the detection of DCIS ; yet, how best to manage patients with DCIS, particularly those with small, mammographically detected lesions, is a matter of ongoing controversy  . The addition of tamoxifen further reduces the risk of local recurrence  .
Neurochemistry is concerned with the study of molecular and cellular processes of the nervous system and their relationship to function. Energy metabolism and neurotransmission are two crucial processes affecting almost all aspects of cerebral function. Proper characterization not only involves determination of absolute metabolite concentrations, but also requires knowledge of the dynamic metabolic turnover of the metabolites involved.
Though otitis media  is a prevalent condition responsible for conductive hearing loss in the pediatric population and substantial healthcare costs totaling several billion dollars annually in the US, little is still known about the molecular pathophysiology of this condition. Increased production and secretion of mucins in middle ear epithelium , in response to the inflammatory events which occur in OM, provides both protection to the middle ear  and contributes to ME pathology that can subsequently occur. Mucins, such as mucin gene 5AC , participate in protecting the underlying ME epithelium from pathogen invasion, pathogen damage and assist with pathogen clearance.
In chronic myelogenous leukemia , Bcr Abl, the fusion protein derived from the Philadelphia chromosome, is the constitutively activated protein tyrosine kinase, which is largely unregulated. Imatinib mesylate  is an effective inhibitor of the Bcr Abl tyrosine kinase and is the first line treatment of CML since about 75% of early chronic phase CML patients favorably respond to IM treatment. The remission rate of the accelerated phase is 50%, and for the blast crisis phase, the remission rate is 20%.
Sepsis and septic shock affirm their clinical significance as one of the leading causes of death in intensive care units as well as the 10th overall cause of death of men and women in the United States . may play critical roles in mediating both innate as well as adaptive immune response . NKT cells have been previously shown to regulate the immune response in other infectious and autoimmune disease models .
Traumatic SCI results in the loss of motor and sensory pathways, which has devastating consequences for injured patients. These environmental factors, including myelin associated inhibitors, the glial scar and cystic cavity formation, create a physical and molecular barrier to regeneration of injured spinal tissue, . Therefore, when considering a therapeutic intervention for SCI, it is important to consider at what time point post injury the intervention will be implemented.
Transplantation of foreign cellular, tissue, and organ grafts represents an important therapeutic modality for the treatment of various inherited and acquired disorders, such as end organ failure, autoimmunity, malignancies, and congenital enzyme deficiencies. However, rejection of foreign grafts by immunocompetent recipients presents a major hurdle for the routine application of transplantation in the clinic . Induction of specific tolerance to foreign grafts has the potential to overcome these complications, and as such has been the subject of intense studies since the first successful organ transplantation in 1954 .
Engineered metal nanoparticles  have been widely used in cosmetics, painting, textiles, water treatment, batteries, and automobiles. They are used for size and shape control during synthesis, and for stabilization, protection, recognition, and delivery . These molecules may interact with the metal ions in solution and affect the reaction equilibrium, particle nucleation and growth rates, and thus the entire course of the reaction, leading to size and shape control .
Terrestrial mammals have two sleep states, rapid eye movement  sleep and non REM  sleep, which have different physiological characteristics and, possibly, distinct functions . Sleep cycle length varies extensively across mammalian species , from about 6 min  to c. 90 min . Mammals also differ in how they accommodate sleep within their activity budgets ; some species partition their sleep time into multiple bouts alternated with waking phases , while others concentrate the majority of their sleep into one bout per day  .
According to a recent report by a major healthcare insurer in Ireland, after heart bypass, the second most expensive treatment was knee replacement, and the third most common treatment was hip replacement. As a result, it incurs significant economic, social and psychological costs. To date, despite many studies, no treatment is known to change the course of symptomatic OA.
Formulation of drugs encapsulated in liposomes can increase their delivery to brain tumors after intravenous injection due to extended circulating half life of the drug that permits tumor deposition via an impaired blood tumor barrier over time . However, few studies have investigated brain tissue uptake of liposomes after a short exposure following the intraarterial  injections. reported 15 fold greater uptake of magnetically targeted cationic liposomes after IA injection, compared to intravenous injection .
With an estimated 186,320 new cases and 28,660 deaths in 2008 in the United States, prostate carcinoma is one of the most common cancers in older men in Western countries. Despite an initial response to androgen deprivation therapy, patients with progressive prostate cancer often develop multiple bone metastases. In contrast with metastases caused by other carcinomas such as breast, thyroid, kidney, and lung that destroy bone and are termed “osteolytic,” prostate cancer generally causes a bone forming or “osteoblastic” response.
Cirrhosis and other forms of chronic liver disease are the fourth leading cause of general mortality in Mexico . Accordingly, the morbidity and mortality impact of chronic liver disease is greatest among the economically active population of Mexico. Known risk factors for liver disease include infection with hepatitis B   or hepatitis C  , high alcohol consumption , being overweight or obese , and having diabetes .
Leptin, a satiety peptide secreted mainly by adipocytes in proportion to the degree of adiposity, crosses the bloodbrain barrier via a saturable receptor mediated transport system  and acts through neural pathways to suppress appetite  and modulate sympathetic nervous system activity in various organs and tissues leading to increased thermogenesis, arterial pressure, and heart rate . Previous studies suggest that leptin may also regulate respiratory function. For instance, leptin deficient  mice are unable to increase ventilation during a CO2 challenge, suggesting impaired ventilatory control .
Until recently, tyrosine O sulfation  of proteins, a post translational modification, had received little attention. TOS occurs in the trans Golgi network  and involves the covalent transfer of a sulfate group from the universal sulfate donor 3′ phosphoadenosine 5′ phosphosulfate to a tyrosine moiety of the nascent target peptide . The sulfate transfer is catalyzed by two independent tyrosylprotein sulfotransferases  .
Epigenetic mechanisms, including DNA methylation, histone modifications and regulatory non coding RNAs play critical roles in neural development and maturation . DNA methylation in the postnatal brain is of particular importance as brain specific deletion of DNA methylation related machineries results in postnatal neurodevelopmental abnormalities and premature death in mice . Generally, DNA methylation is intimately connected with histone modifications through recruitment of methyl CpG binding domain proteins  that suppress expression of methylation dependent genes .
The ability of cells to move within their environment is crucial for numerous physiological and pathological processes. In cancer metastasis, cell migration drives the invasion of tumor cells into the surrounding tissue and the dissemination to other organs. Traditionally, research on cell migration has involved observing cells moving on flat, two dimensional  substrates, owing primarily to the convenience in sample preparation and the ability to image cells at high spatial and temporal resolution.
Preeclampsia, a complex human disease that occurs in approximately 5% of pregnancies, most often in the third trimester, is defined by 2 distinct criteria: repeatedly elevated blood pressure  and proteinuria . Although its epidemiology remains elusive, there is a strong association with reduced uterine perfusion and abnormal placentation  . Unfortunately, there are no animal models that replicate the human condition.
Brain metastases are the most common intracranial tumors, outnumbering primary brain tumors by at least 10 fold . Melanoma is the third most common cancer producing brain metastases after carcinomas of the lung and breast . TGF β is a prominent family of cytokines essential for the development and maintenance of a multicellular organism.
Proper anesthetic dosage is crucial for the success of blood oxygen level dependent  functional magnetic resonance imaging  small animal experiments. It may also mask the need for additional anesthetic. It is primarily used for short term procedures in veterinary medicine.
High blood pressure  affects more than 70 million Americans and is among the most common reasons for outpatient visits to physicians’ offices. Moreover, metabolic abnormalities associated with HBP, such as insulin resistance and hyperlipidemia, may persist or may be exacerbated by some medications. Consequently, there is great deal of interest in the use of non pharmacologic interventions in the prevention and management of HBP .
Over the past several decades, liquid crystals  confined within either direct or inverted emulsions have been widely explored as a new class of anisotropic soft matter. In direct emulsions, the LCs are confined within micrometer sized droplets dispersed within a continuous isotropic phase. More recently, lyotropic chromonic LCs , which form nematic or hexagonal columnar phases through face to face stacking of plank like, polyaromatic molecules into columnar aggregates in aqueous solutions,, have also been characterized within emulsion droplets dispersed in immiscible isotropic oils.
Diverticular disease is well recognized as a common entity in Western culture, affecting nearly two thirds of the population over age 80. Unfortunately, the natural history of diverticulitis makes the development of such recommendations quite challenging. This is a heterogeneous disease, with a spectrum of presentations ranging from mild abdominal pain and fever, to gross rupture with ensuing peritonitis and shock.
It is well established that AMPAR trafficking is a central event in several forms of synaptic plasticity. For example, AMPARs are inserted into the plasma membrane in NMDAR dependent long term potentiation , whereas AMPARs are internalized in NMDAR dependent long term depression  . This robust chemically induced synaptic plasticity also involves AMPAR internalization  .
Metalliferous mine tailings, especially those found in arid or semiarid environments, pose a long term health hazard for nearby urban populations through exposure to dust originating from the tailings and to tailings distributed into the local environment by water erosion . One strategy to reduce this hazard is phytostabilization—the creation of a vegetative cap that acts to prevent wind and water erosion and to stabilize  metals in the root zone while limiting shoot accumulation . The main obstacle to phytostabilization success is that most tailings are a poor substrate for plant growth due to both the abiotic stress posed by some combination of metal toxicity, low pH, high salinity, lack of essential minerals and nutrients, poor soil structure and water retention, and the absence of a suitable microbial community to sustain plant growth.
Pathological conditions associated with lentivirus infection in human and animal models include immune depletion, oral lesions caused by opportunistic infections, wasting, renal disease, and frequently a chronic inflammatory response. In humans, loss of condition, or cachexia, is also AIDS defining . Papillomavirus is also associated with aggressive cervical cancer in HIV coinfected humans .
Successful genetic manipulation of T cells has permitted their use for directed therapy for a variety of cancers and immune deficiency states. Analysis of retroviral integrations in human cells has revealed much about retroviral integration preference at the genomic level and given insight into retroviral biology,, showing that MLV vectors prefer to integrate near transcriptional start sites . SB prefers integrating into transcriptional units compared to simulated random integrations, although the level of preference is often modest and differs between cell types.
Placental abruption, the premature separation of the placenta prior to delivery of the fetus, is a serious obstetric complication, which affects approximately 1 in 100 pregnancies. Women with a previous abruption are at 10  to 15 fold increased risk of repeat abruption , suggesting a possible genetic link . Although some studies show increased risk of placental abruption among folate deficient women , others do not .
Nearly 14 million Americans are cancer survivors, and the survivor population is estimated to grow by nearly one third by 2022 . Better early detection methods, more effective treatments and overall population aging have all contributed to the rise in number of cancer survivors. As survivors will continue to face long term late effects of treatment, including second cancers and cardiac events, consensus based guidelines can provide important guidance on surveillance and management .
Under steady state conditions, NK cells are prevented from killing autologous cells by inhibitory NK cell receptors  binding `self' MHC class I molecules. Furthermore, individual NK cell receptors are expressed only on a fraction of NK cells, ranging from 0 % to 100 % of NK cells depending on the receptor and the receptor allele. The mechanisms underlying NK cell tolerance in man have been the subject of intense investigation and are informed by experiments in inbred mouse strains .
The acquisition of motor sequences is an essential part of our life, as we learn to play a sport, to drive our car, or even simply to dial the phone number of a new friend. Subjects are informed that a fixed sequence of targets is going to be presented, although they are not told the specific order of such sequence in advance. Therefore, the acquisition of the sequence order, one of the sequence learning components, can be assessed through the progressive increase of the number of the correct anticipatory movements, a discrete variable that is defined based on changes in the movement onset times.
While there is continued interest in associating genes with disease using methods such as genome wide association studies , approximately 23% of disease burden and death can be attributed to environmental factors . It is important to associate diseases with a strong environmental component, including respiratory infections, cardiovascular disease, cerebrovascular disease, and asthma , with geographical environmental factors. Methods that consider spatial variation and interpretability of results will increasingly be utilized as clinical, environmental, and geographical datasets become more readily available.
Neighborhood research has a long history of investigating the relationships of neighborhood structural features, such as poverty , residential instability , and ethnic heterogeneity , with undesirable behaviors like crime and juvenile delinquency. Some recent research has extended these investigations to other outcomes beyond criminology, examining the effects of neighborhood structural features simultaneously in association with individual health outcomes . Work remains to be done, however, on understanding the “black box” of social mechanisms lying between structural neighborhood features and individual outcomes .
Excessive alcohol use in adolescence is associated with a range of adverse effects, including brain damage, academic failure, violence, injuries, unprotected sexual intercourse and later excessive use, alcoholism and early mortality . This assumption has received little attention in international research . The few available studies are based mainly on ecological analyses  and use per capita alcohol intake as a proxy for the alcohol culture .
B cell development is a highly ordered process that requires cells to progress through multiple checkpoints during maturation. B cells originate from the hematopoietic stem cell  pool and pass through multiple stages of development before becoming committed to the B lineage . In addition, CLPs express the IL 7 receptor, which is required for progression along the B lineage.
Accurate conversion of images into quantitative units of metabolite content is challenging because it requires knowledge of the proportionality factor between the quantity of excited nuclei and the intensity of the voxels in the processed image. In general, a very high degree of diligence is required to account for all of the parameters that affect this calibration factor . As a result, nearly all MR images are presented in terms of arbitrary intensity units, which are of limited clinical and experimental utility .
The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommends colorectal cancer  screening for adults aged 50 to 75 years . However, only 53% of US adults aged 50 and older were up to date with screening in 2008  . Personal health stories  or narratives  have been recognized as a tool for promoting cancer screening .
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is the most common adult motoneuron  degenerative disease, with a mean survival of only three to five years after symptom onset. ALS affects voluntary muscle movement and ultimately leads to respiratory failure among other pulmonary complications . Genetic studies have determined that a small portion of cases are inherited ; whereas 90% of cases are sporadic .
Meningioma is one of the most common central nervous system tumors and accounting for 32.1% of all reported brain tumors. They are derived from meningothelial  cells. However, despite complete resection, a radiological recurrence or a second primary tumor  develops in approximately 19% of all cases.
Nematode parasites are a severe burden on the productive lives of humans and animals . Treatment of these conditions with anthelimintics is limited to three main classes of drugs, and drug resistance has emerged in humans  as well as in animals  against each of the three classes of anthelmintic. The appearance of multidrug resistance in nematode parasites  is a worrying development.
The presentation of pathogen derived peptides by MHC Class II or Class I molecules, either by classical or cross presentation pathways, all achieve the activation of the adaptive immune response. The primary sensing of pathogens by DCs is however accomplished by pattern recognition receptors   that not only induce activation of DCs, but also regulate the trafficking of cargo to maximize peptide generation . TLRs recognize conserved microbial products from a diverse class of pathogens and initiate signaling to induce inflammatory responses.
Sonography is routinely used to evaluate the deep internal structures of the male pelvic region, primarily the prostate and bladder. While disorders of these deep structures are common, there is an increasing clinical focus on the evaluation of superficial pelvic floor structures. Sonography has become the imaging modality of choice for evaluation and treatment of pelvic floor dysfunction in women .
Conventional wisdom holds that lasting serum antibody titers reflect the activity of long lived plasma cells  localized in specialized niches in the bone marrow  . However, BM PCs also arise via GC independent pathways , and many memory B cells also arise without maturing in GCs . Newly formed PCs are thought to enter the BM as immature cells where they must compete for limited survival niches in the BM .
Fast and predictable healing of bone grafts would provide great benefits for implant dentistry. Most of these factors are involved in angiogenesis and osteogenesis. reported evidence for the presence of bone morphogenetic proteins  2, 4, and 6, potent osteogenic inducers, within megakaryocytes and platelets.
With a lifetime prevalence of nearly 18% , anxiety disorders including generalized anxiety disorder , obsessive compulsive disorder , panic disorder and post traumatic stress disorder  are among the most common psychiatric conditions suffered by Americans and Europeans . In humans, the pathogenesis of anxiety is poorly understood but recently new triggers of anxiety have been described including oxidative stress  and inflammation  . IL 1β is not only a regulator of innate immunity, angiogenesis and hematopoiesis but also influences brain based processes including cognition, locomotion, anorexia and anxiety .
Working memory refers to the retention of information in conscious awareness when this information is not present in the environment, to its manipulation, and to its use in guiding behavior. For decades, an influential view has held that working memory functions are supported by the operation of specialized systems that act as buffers for the storage and manipulation of information . Neurobiological evidence consistent with this view includes evidence suggesting that prefrontal cortex  may be a neural substrate for storage buffers of this model .
Tsien and co workers introduced specific sequence encoded fluorophore binding tetra Cys motifs, which ligate biarsenical dyes via simultaneous formation of four covalent bonds . We exploited a FlAsH binding tetra Cys motif internal to a protein sequence to probe in vivo stability and aggregation using as a model protein the intracellular lipid binding protein, cellular retinoic acid binding protein or CRABP . In our subsequent work, we have attempted to design tetra Cys motifs that would be even more sensitive to molecular architecture.
A normal liver as the primary site of hepatitis C virus  replication contains high percentage of CD3 CD56+ natural killer  cells . NK cells eliminate virus infected hepatocytes through direct lysis  or indirect  mechanisms. Patients who clear HCV infection after IFN α therapy  exhibit a significant increase in NK cell numbers and activity in the peripheral blood compared with nonresponders .
The relationship between calcium and/or vitamin D supplementation and cardiovascular disease  remains controversial and recent studies have produced conflicting results. A recent randomized clinical trial suggested that calcium supplementation may increase the risk of cardiovascular events in postmenopausal women. Among 1471 women  in New Zealand, those randomized to 1000 mg of elemental calcium daily had twice the risk of myocardial infarction  and a borderline elevation in risk of a composite endpoint of MI, stroke, or sudden death , compared to women randomized to placebo.
The three small conductance calcium activated K+ channels KCa2.1 , KCa2.2 , and KCa2.3 , and the intermediate conductance KCa3.1 channel  play important roles in various physiological functions by modulating calcium signaling cascades and regulating membrane potential. KCa2 channels are widely expressed throughout the nervous system and are probably best known for underlying the apamin sensitive medium afterhyperpolarization  and for modulating neuronal firing frequency and neurotransmitter release . Outside of the nervous system KCa2 channels, especially KCa2.3, are involved in blood pressure regulation , contractility of urinary bladder smooth muscle and metabolism .
With the aid of a growing list of photosensitive probes, light microscopic methods are increasingly being used to make quantitative measurements of biochemical processes in single cells, to manipulate intracellular biochemistry, and to mimic intercellular signaling in living tissue. A commonly used approach in such experiments involves light activation  of chemically caged neurotransmitters . Caged versions of glutamate, the primary excitatory neurotransmitter in the brain, have been used in combination with a variety of optical configurations.
A growing body of evidence indicates that there are differences between men and women in the vulnerability to drug abuse. Men report higher rates of recreational drug use and dependence compared to women. However, the percentage of female drug users is on the rise and cocaine abuse poses an increasing risk to the health of women .
Fibrosis is caused by increased tissue remodeling interrupting normal function and is a common cellular response to long term inflammation or cell injury . Fibrotic skin disorders can greatly impact patient quality of life with organ dysfunction and psychological sequelae . Despite such serious effects, mechanisms of fibrosis are still not completely understood, and the need for anti fibrotic treatments remains  .
Alcoholism is a major psychiatric condition as long term heavy ethanol consumption results in neuropsychological difficulties that affect physical health and memory along with social, family, and job responsibilities . Ethanol also induces neuronal cell death and cell cycle delay in cell model systems in vitro  and causes neurotoxicity and brain lesions in animal models . However, the molecular mechanism underlying the ethanol related brain damage is not yet clear .
Immune tolerance to self and foreign antigens must be actively maintained by CD4+Foxp3+ regulatory T  cells . Treg cells also infiltrate tumors and block beneficial T cellmediated anti tumor responses . For example, depletion of Treg cells elicits inflammatory bowel disease that is caused by an unopposed immune response to commensal organisms in the gut .
In many rodent species, including Syrian hamsters, male reproductive behavior depends critically on the perception of odor cues from conspecifics . Volatile odor cues are processed primarily by the main olfactory system , whereas non volatile cues are processed primarily by the accessory olfactory system  . First, pBNST receives social odor information, both directly from the accessory olfactory bulbs  and indirectly via the corticomedial amygdala .
Carpal tunnel syndrome  is the most commonly encountered peripheral compressive neuropathy. Information about soft tissue interactions within the carpal tunnel can be obtained using magnetic resonance  imaging. MRI offers exquisite resolution of the soft tissues of the tunnel , and therefore has been used to quantify and document characteristics of both the normal and pathologic conditions.
Familial Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy  is an autosomal dominant genetic disorder largely expressed in genes encoding sarcomeric proteins. The clinical presentation of FHC is highly variable, but is a major cause of sudden cardiac death in young adults . Although linkage of FHC to sarcomeric genes is well established, the clinical course is not well defined and therapeutic approaches are lacking.
The initial actin myosin binding step is thought to occur through long range electrostatic interactions, creating a weak collision complex that is followed by isomerization to the attached state and a second isomerization to a rigor like, strong binding state . Once the initial electrostatic interaction between the loop 2 and actin’s myosin binding site is established, binding can proceed to a strongly bound state through additional hydrophobic and stereospecific interactions  . The loop varies in length and sequence  but is well conserved among myosins with similar kinetics .
Structure based computational methods for predicting proteinligand binding affinities are widely applied in the pharmaceutical industry, to virtually screen and enrich large compound libraries, for early stage lead identification, and in late stage lead optimization . As a consequence, there is still a need for improved techniques for computer aided ligand design  . Methods for predicting proteinligand binding affinities, such as docking and free energy simulations, are typically tuned and tested based on existing binding data.
Colorectal cancer is one of the most common cancers in industrialized countries. According to incidence data from the population based cancer registry in Shanghai, China, age adjusted colorectal cancer incidence rates increased more than 50%, from 14 to 22 per 100,000 among men and from 12 to 19 per 100,000 among women, between 1972 and 1994  . Epidemiological reports on meat consumption and colorectal cancer risk, however, have not been consistent.
  In 2007, a community based participatory research effort was initiated to conduct a needs assessment of educational concepts among PI young adults in Southern California. Both interviews and focus groups were to validate findings across different types of individuals in Southern California, as well as for comparison to other research findings focused on PI youth and young adults noted previously. PI young adults entering, in, or having completed college were recruited for the study as they were the ideal candidates to share the educational attainment experience.
Mycosis Fungoides , the most common form of cutaneous T cell lymphoma, is a relatively rare disorder that is often clinically challenging to diagnose, as it can be difficult to discriminate from benign disorders,. For most patients, a normal lifespan can be expected as the disease usually takes the form of a chronic condition. Optimal care of patients with MF therefore requires ongoing management and access to medical resources, which creates the potential for racial or socioeconomic disparities among underserved populations .
Sepsis caused by infectious agents  or after “sterile sepsis”  is associated with the appearance in plasma of histones which are derived from nucleosomes containing histones that are tightly bound to coils of DNA, being released as the DNA unravels . Their presence in plasma has been associated with endothelial cell dysfunction , loss of the blood/gas barrier in lung, and damage in major organs . Obviously, such responses may be protective if the amount of histones present is limited, but excessive histone release can result in organ and tissue damage linked to an excessive inflammatory response that exacerbates tissue injury, along with prothrombotic outcomes .
Tobacco smoking is a major risk factor for malignancies of the lung, upper aero digestive tract , stomach, pancreas, liver, kidney, urinary tract, uterine cervix, and bone marrow. Epithelial cells in many of these organs are repeatedly exposed to components and metabolites of tobacco smoke, which are carcinogenic and potent inducers of inflammation. The high concentration of free radicals contained in and generated by tobacco smoke can lead to cancer through oxidative DNA damage mediated by inflammation associated production of reactive oxygen species .
The GATA binding protein 3  transcription factor is crucial to mammary gland morphogenesis and differentiation of progenitor cells, and continues to be expressed in normal breast luminal epithelial cells throughout puberty and pregnancy . Gene expression profiling aimed at correlating genotypic and phenotypic characteristics of breast tumors has implicated GATA3 in tumorigenesis of luminal A subtypes which are associated with more favourable survival than other subtypes . GATA3 expression is strongly correlated with ER expression , and its utility in predicting clinical outcome in ER positive tumors has also been reported .
Recombinant adeno associated virus , a nonpathogenic parvovirus, is being tested as a vector for gene therapy because of its safety profile and ability to produce durable transgene expression in a wide variety of cells. Several features of rAAV are attractive for vaccine approaches for cancer, including the limited viral vector antigens presented as well as the efficient and persistence of antigen expression. In terms of generating the T helper  1 cellular immune responses considered essential to effective antitumor immunity, however, rAAV vectors have been relatively weak immunogens.,, Plasmids have been effective in eliciting Th1 associated immunity in part due to their expression of unmethylated CpG motifs found in bacterial but not mammalian DNA.
Significant changes in eating and physical activity behaviors that cause weight loss can improve insulin resistance and other biological markers relevant to cardiovascular disease  risk in patients who are obese and have type 2 diabetes mellitus . Lifestyle modification is first line therapy in efforts to raise high density lipoprotein cholesterol  and to lower triglyceride levels. However, the response to behavioral intervention is inconsistent.
Despite recent advances in the treatment of melanoma, the success of systemic therapy for metastatic melanoma is limited . Melanoma cells evade elimination due to their complex phenotype, an efficient DNA repair system, protection from endoplasmic reticulum  stress, and presence of pro survival machinery that maintains cancer cells viability by counteracting apoptotic stimuli during tumor development and metastasis . Representatives of the Bcl 2 family of proteins and inhibitors of apoptosis are widely overexpressed or overactivated in melanoma, resulting in complex blockades of the apoptotic pathways at the level of cell death initiation and execution .
GSK3 is a ubiquitously expressing multifunctional serine/threonine kinase which was originally identified in mammals as a critical mediator in glycogen metabolism and insulin signaling. It is now known that GSK3 is a key regulator of diverse signaling pathways involved in the regulation of glycogen metabolism, protein synthesis, cell mobility, cell fate, proliferation and survival . GSK3α and GSK3β are not functionally identical and redundant though they show a high degree of similarity  .
During development of the Drosophila embryo, the dorsoventral axis is established by signaling through the receptor Toll downstream of the proteolytic activation of Spätzle, its NGF related ligand . The activation of Spätzle occurs at the end of a four component serine proteolytic cascade in which the first two enzymes appear to be uniformly activated around the circumference of the embryo, while the fourth enzyme is only activated ventrally. Ventral activity of the cascade relies on instructional information deposited within the perivitelline space during oogenesis.
After decades of an increase in the prevalence of allergic diseases , recent studies report no further increase in asthma in countries with a high prevalence . Furthermore, most studies are questionnaire based, and a part of the increase of asthma may be attributable to increased awareness in the population and changed diagnostic criteria rather than a true increase . Objective measures of allergic sensitization are therefore of great importance.
Injury to the Anterior Cruciate Ligament  is an important clinical problem leading with two main consequences: immediate joint instability and early onset of osteoarthritis, both considerably painful and disabling . A growing body of evidence has recently been accumulated that consistently shows that while current treatment options alleviate instability almost entirely, the risk for premature osteoarthritis remains high even in those patients receiving the best currently available treatment, ACL reconstruction . A body of literature has been published on the development and testing of such an approach in large animal models ; ; .
Altman and colleagues first reported that new neurons are produced in the adult mammalian brain over forty years ago . However, the study of adult neurogenesis has become widespread only during the past decade, largely due to the use of bromodeoxyurdine  as an in vivo marker of proliferating cells . Using BrdU labeling, it has become accepted that new neurons are produced throughout adulthood in the dentate gyrus .
Diffusion tensor imaging   contrast in biological systems arises from water movement in the presence of barriers  that hinder water diffusion more in some orientations than others. DTI has been widely used to map whole brain anatomical connectivity in a totally non invasive fashion . The majority of DTI tractography studies to date are limited to tracking large white matter fibers.
Cancer is frequently associated with the abnormal expression and phosphorylation of oncogenes. Specific hematopoietic tumors are frequently characterized by the discrete activation of specific oncogenes such as MYC. Targeted inactivation of oncoproteins is emerging as a specific and effective therapy for cancer,.
The mammalian brain contains relatively high concentrations of Zn2+ , reflecting its critical role not only as a structural component of numerous proteins and transcription factors but also as a neuromodulator and intracellular signaling messenger . Most cellular Zn2+ is tightly bound to metal binding proteins, limiting the normal amount of chelatable, “free” Zn2+ in the cytoplasm . Nonetheless, the liberation of neuronal Zn2+ from intracellular stores during oxidative and nitrative stress can readily trigger cell death signaling .
The ability to exert inhibitory control during a single trial exists even in infancy, suggesting that the circuitry supporting transient inhibitory control is available early in development . A task set refers to a configuration of cognitive processes, initiated by implicit or explicit instructional cues, that is actively maintained during task performance . Task sets are thought to play a supervisory control function, determining and guiding operations performed on transiently occurring stimuli .
Hypoparathyroidism, a disorder in which PTH is low or absent, is associated with unusual structural and dynamic features of bone . Using conventional 2D histomorphometry, iliac crest bone biopsy samples from hypoparathyroid subjects were recently found to display significant alterations in several indices of cancellous microarchitecture, including increased cancellous bone volume and trabecular width . Conventional 2 dimensional histomorphometry is a powerful research tool but it has an inherent limitation when it is used to assess skeletal microarchitecture .
Increasing the pupil size of the eye reduces the effect of diffraction but increases the ocular aberrations arising from the small decentrations, tilts, and other irregularities that are present in any biological optical system. For theoretical reasons , the starting point for assessing the benefits of correcting HO aberrations should be the effect on the visibility of sinusoidal gratings. It follows from  that if the bars of a grating have a particular orientation ψ, then the MTF can be expected to vary with grating orientation if the eye does not possess rotational symmetry.
Many studies have shown that intelligible or meaningful speech is processed within multimodal temporal lobe cortex and beyond, but little is known about how these areas interact and drive one another. DCM analyses have become popular recently to study various aspects of language processing . However, there have been no investigations of directed influences among human brain areas in response to intelligible speech .
Hypertension is closely associated with erectile dysfunction  as it has been observed in many experimental models of hypertension. Additionally, epidemiological studies show that approximately a third of the hypertensive patients have ED . Ganglionic induced increase in intracavernosal pressure /mean arterial pressure  ratio was used as an index of erectile function in 2K 1C and in normotensive sham operated  anesthetized rats.
In the United States, as well as worldwide, lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer mortality. Despite advances in systemic therapies and surgical techniques, 5 year survival rates for all types and stages of lung cancer remain low . Other studies focusing on oncogenic point mutations have identified recurrent mutations leading to aberrant activation of EGFR, KRAS, PIK3CA, ERBB2 and BRAF among other genes.
Cilia are projections of ciliary axonemes consisting of nine doublet microtubules that are surrounded by ciliary membranes that either have  or do not have  a central pair of singlet microtubules. Primary cilia are a ubiquitous feature of epithelial cells, including those of breast, prostate, kidney, liver, and pancreas. These sensory organelles modulate mitogen and morphogen signaling, sequester receptors for growth factors including platelet derived growth factor  and epidermal growth factor , contain transcription factors, and effect cytosolic calcium fluxes .
Since the passage of the Patient Self Determination Act  in 1990 , public policy in the United States has advocated the execution of advance directives such as living wills or durable powers of attorney for health care. The rapid adoption of advance directives as a solution to the need for advance care planning prior to potential life threatening illness and incapacity is based on the ethical ascendancy of autonomy, or self determination, as a personal value guiding medical care . Factors that influence execution of advance directives include age, education, health status, and culture; typically, older Caucasians with high educational attainment and poor health are most likely to execute an advance directive  .
In an effort to understand protein binding and function, researchers will often create a reciprocal map of a protein surface. Multiple copy methods  use probe molecules to define these complementary maps. These techniques flood the protein surface with hundreds of small molecule probes.
In the heart, the cyclic GMP  signaling system induces cardiodepressive effects . It reduces cellular function and metabolism in cardiac myocytes. This second messenger can be activated by natriuretic peptides and nitric oxide.
While demonstrating the overcounting of items in motion  with a motor driven rotating disk, we accidentally turned off the room lights, dropping the illumination on the test by several orders of magnitude. We were immediately struck by the extraordinary increase in the apparent rotation speed of the disk, which changed from the leisurely rotation of a clearly visible set of spokes to a busy blur of apparently high speed motion. The drop of illumination did not change the contrast of the display so the well documented slowing of apparent speed at lower contrasts could not be involved .
Despite the progress in understanding the biology of acute myeloid leukemia , the long term survival of most patients remains poor . In AML patients, overexpression of BAALC is associated with poor prognosis, especially affecting the achievement of complete remission upon chemotherapeutic treatment . Several microRNAs  regulate various cancer associated pathways .
Congenital smell loss is a condition characterized by inability to detect or recognize odors since birth and affects about 500,000 individuals in the US . Multiple genetic abnormalities have been associated with these patients . Type I congenital smell loss was first reported in 1856 .
Development of a therapeutic vaccine for HIV 1 infection is challenging because the immune system of infected individuals is subverted due to viral persistence. PD 1 over expression on HIV 1 specific CD8+ T cells also correlates with increased viral load. Interestingly blocking PD 1 signaling using antibodies restores HIV 1 specific CD8+ T cell effector functions in vitro .
The confocal microendoscope  is a new type of instrument for real time in vivo imaging of tissue with cellular level resolution. Although some systems are designed to work in reflectance, most are fluorescence based imaging systems that utilize exogenous fluorescent dyes to achieve useful cellular contrast . Investigators are exploring imaging applications in humans and/or animal models of colon cancer, esophageal cancer, lung cancer, and ovarian cancer.
Inflammation following tissue injury involves the careful orchestration of inflammatory cytokine production by infiltrating leukocytes that traffic to such sites. Indeed the nature and magnitude of inflammatory response can be significantly influenced by response to environmental stressors  . The production of chemokines and cytokines is triggered through signaling events downstream of pattern recognition receptors  that recognize and respond to molecular markers of injury or infectious challenge .
One of the fundamental observations in oncology is, that cancer is a disease of aging, and the rate of malignancies increases significantly with age . In fact, the single strongest prognostic variable that predicts the outcome of cancer is increasing age and this is especially true for breast malignancies. Sirtuins are Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide  dependent class III histone deacetylases are present from bacteria to humans .
Cav 1 is a 2224 KDa protein originally identified as a structural component of caveolae, specialized invaginations of the plasma membrane. When Cav 1 was evaluated for its expression in human cancer cell lines and tumor samples of different origin, the outcome was ambiguous. The observed expression profiles indicated that the role of Cav 1 varied according to tumor types  .
A key aim of the worldwide structural genomics efforts is the experimental solution of the three dimensional structures of a carefully selected few thousand target sequences of structurally uncharacterized proteins. Two key steps in homology modeling for the remote target template cases are the identification and optimal combination of the template structures and the construction of a correct target template alignment . We recently introduced a new approach, called multiple mapping method  to address the target template alignment problem .
Antimicrobial peptides are small cationic polypeptides originally discovered for their antimicrobial activity, but recently shown to have many additional functions in immune function . Cathelicidins have an N terminal signal peptide, a highly conserved cathelin domain, and variable cationic peptide at the C terminus . Once released, cathelicidin is important in both innate immunity and acquired immunity.
Diffusion weighted MRI  allows non invasive measurement of the translational motion of water in living tissue. Because water diffusion is sensitive to the tissues cellular and sub cellular architecture and integrity, DWMRI is being used to investigate a variety of diseases. In the area of cancer, DWMRI has been applied to evaluate tumors response to therapy in a number of preclinical studies in animal models  and in clinical trials .
Although some early work suggested that depression risk was reduced during pregnancy  recent studies indicate that the risk of a major depressive episode  during pregnancy may be greater than previously recognized, particularly in women with a previous personal or family history of depression . Antepartum MDE risk appears to increase in conjunction with co morbidities such as physical and emotional abuse, poverty, limited education, lack of social support, single marital status and HIV seropositivity . Antidepressant medication is reported to be prescribed to more than 13% of pregnant women in the United States , and  found that 8.7% of 7027 pregnant women studied had clinically relevant depressive symptoms, with 15% of those women receiving selective serotonin re uptake inhibitors  to relieve depression symptoms during pregnancy.
The initial use of tobacco, alcohol and illicit drugs typically occurs during adolescence and some experience with these substances is now normative among adolescents in the United States and throughout the developed world. Specific issues that need to be considered include: a) Reliance on self report. b) Are DSM defined abuse and dependence criteria appropriate indices in children and adolescents?
Physiologic motion presents a major technical challenge in high resolution cardiac MRI and coronary MR angiography . Current free breathing 3D CMRA techniques may employ electrocardiographic  gating for cardiac motion suppression together with diaphragm navigator  gating for respiratory motion suppression . In DNAV gating, the navigator signal is typically acquired from a cranial caudal cylinder of tissue positioned through the right hemi diaphragm using a 2D selective excitation pulse  and data are only used for reconstruction if the diaphragmatic position falls within a small gating window .
Insulin secreting β cells play a pivotal role in maintaining glucose homeostasis and in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus. Islets demonstrate a striking plasticity that is observed among different species, within the same species and under physiological and pathological conditions. , Changes in cellular composition, such as β  to α cell ratio, are often accompanied with more central localization of α cells.
The experience dependent development of the visual system circuitry is a well studied model for neuronal development and plasticity. Moreover, the ability to perform electrophysiological recordings on cells undergoing small structural changes would allow for detailed structure/function studies to be conducted. The superficial location of the visual cortex makes it accessible for in vivo imaging.
The early diagnosis of sepsis in the neonatal intensive care unit should be an excellent application for data mining approaches. First, we wished to tested the hypothesis that nearest neighbor analyses make predictions on neonatal sepsis that are comparable to the existing regression models that relate HRC index and laboratory tests to neonatal sepsis. Second, we wished to test the hypothesis that the combined model of nearest neighbor and regression, not necessarily using the same clinical data, is more accurate than either model by itself .
The Impact on Family Scale  was developed as a parent report measure of the effects of a child's medical condition on family life. The item content reflect siblings' emotional and behavioral reactions to the illness, the impact of the illness on siblings' school performance, and parental concerns about siblings' health and about their own ability to attend to the needs of all of their children . There has been little published research in which the Impact on Sibling scale has been used, and the scale has not been the focus of the studies.
Human skin is routinely exposed to UV irradiation, which is a potent immunosuppressant and leads to the apoptosis of resident epidermal cells., Apoptotic keratinocytes  that have been irreversibly damaged, termed ‘sunburn cells’, are sloughed off and replaced. Experiments using caspase inhibitors show that in the absence of the ability to activate the apoptotic pathway, cell death can be skewed to an inflammatory, caspase independent cell death termed necroptosis. Necroptosis, a variant of necrosis, is initiated by a RIP1RIP3 protein complex and leads to inflammatory cell death.
The striking increase in the incidence of Barrett’s esophagus , esophageal adenocarcinoma  and esophagogastric junctional adenocarcinoma  over the last few decades implicates in the pathogenesis of these diseasesa potential major environmental factor, such as gastroesophageal reflux , obesity, and/or smoking. Yet, in the past two decades there have been numerous case reports, case series, and cross sectional studies documenting increased familial risk for these diseases  raising the hypothesis that there may be an inherited susceptibility to the development of BE and its associated cancers. Indeed, there is strong evidence of a genetic component in the pathogenesis of GERD  and obesity .
Allo SCT is used to achieve possible cure in a variety of malignant and non malignant conditions. While overall mortality following SCT is decreasing, pulmonary complications following SCT remain common and contribute to a significant amount of mortality and morbidity. When obtained, pathologic diagnosis is characterized by circumferential fibrosis of the small airways.
Streptococcus pneumoniae  persists as a major pathogen, particularly among children in low income countries . Therefore, potentially more economical serotype independent vaccines based upon species common protein antigens are being investigated . We have been investigating the use of killed cells of non capsulated pneumococci, maximizing the exposure of a variety of species common sub capsular antigens, thus potentially providing synergistic immunity to multiple pneumococcal targets.
Inflammatory arthritis is perpetuated by the innate immune system in addition to the driving force of the adaptive immune system. Key cells involved in barrier protection and innate immunity are recruited to the joint under inflammatory conditions. IL 1 is a cytokine secreted by innate immune cells, that has been implicated in promoting self perpetuating inflammatory cascades  .
Almost a quarter of United States  adults are estimated to have the metabolic syndrome  . Consistent inverse associations between socioeconomic status  and the MetS in adults are observed . Some studies report lower childhood SES to be associated with an increased occurrence of the MetS in adulthood , whereas others have not .
Poor solubility and therefore a low absorption in the gastrointestinal tract of >40% of the pharmaceutical compounds in use today considerably limits their bioavailability after being administered. , As a result, these hydrophobic drugs must be taken in large doses in order to reach the therapeutic plasma concentration, which inevitably results in undesired side effects. Therefore, it is essential to develop novel techniques to enhance the effectiveness of hydrophobic drugs.
Enzymes in the family of sugar non specific endonucleases have been isolated from a wide range of sources from bacteria to mammals . They can be characterized by their abilities to hydrolyze both DNA and RNA. Of all these sugar nonspecific endonucleases, Serratia marcescens endonuclease  is the most studied one because of its broad class of substrates, very high specific activity and wide commercial applications.
Glucocorticoids, such as dexamethasone, are potent anti inflammatory drugs frequently prescribed for the treatment of various inflammatory diseases, including asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and acute respiratory distress syndrome . In animal models of endotoxic shock, prophylactic treatment with dexamethasone attenuates the production of inflammatory cytokines including TNF α and IL 1β, and prevents shock and mortality . Glucocorticoids can modulate the expression of genes involved in inflammation in both positive and negative manners .
The nonapeptide arginine vasopressin  has been consistently implicated in the regulation of aggressive behavior across species . Currently there are two identified receptor subtypes that are centrally expressed: the vasopressin 1a receptor   and the vasopressin 1b receptor  . The Avpr1b, on the other hand, appears to have a somewhat more restricted distribution, but has also been implicated in the regulation of aggression .
Hyalin is a sea urchin glycoprotein set  consisting ) of three to four large components  that on average  contains 2 3% carbohydrate , hyalin repeat domains , and non repeated sequences . The HYR has been identified in organisms as diverse as bacteria, worms, flies, mice and humans, as well as sea urchins , stimulating increased interest in this glycoprotein set. The sea urchin embryo is a NIH designated model system that has led to the discovery or a better understanding of scores of physiological mechanisms of general importance in organisms and in human health and disease .
Characterization of protein conformation and dynamics using a combination of hydrogen/deuterium exchange in solution  and mass spectrometry  has become a powerful tool in biophysics and structural biology. Finally, a very unique and attractive advantage offered by HDX MS is its ability to observe and characterize under certain conditions distinct conformational states, which can be populated either transiently or at equilibrium. Patterns of deuterium distribution along the polypeptide backbone can be obtained by fragmenting the protein molecule either in solution under the slow exchange conditions or in the gas phase prior to MS detection.
The pituitary gland is central to the functions of other endocrine glands and their target tissue as a master regulator of the hypothalamus pituitary gland adrenal gland axis and the hypothalamus pituitary gland gonadal axis. While well developed in most mammals, the intermediate lobe of the pituitary gland has been previously thought to be only a vestigial remnant in humans. Pituitary adenomas account for 10% of intracranial tumors and often cause neurological symptoms such as headache and visual impairment because of compression of the dura matter or optic chiasm.
Glaucoma is a multifactorial eye disease that is the leading cause of preventable blindness in the world . Investigations into myocilin’s association with IOP regulation and the development of glaucoma have been productive, however, the functional role of myocilin has yet to be elucidated . While a direct link between altered levels of myocilin and the regulation of IOP are lacking, a number of studies suggest that myocilin expression may mediate, or is the result of, increased IOP .
Obesity in modern society has reached “pandemic” proportions and may be as high as 30% in the general US population. NAFLD is closely associated with diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome, , . Steatosis is also present in 50% of the patients infected with HCV and association of viral proteins with lipid droplets may be critical for viral replication.
Oxidative stress and matrix metalloproteinases  may be important in mechanisms of hemorrhagic transformation after ischemic stroke, and in brain injury after intracerebral hemorrhage  . Mechanisms that lead to ICH during hypertension, however, remain poorly understood, in part because of a paucity of experimental models of spontaneous ICH in mice  . Chronic hypertension is a major risk factor for ICH.
Tuberculosis  is one of the most common opportunistic co infections among HIV infected individuals, particularly in resource limited settings . It is estimated that about 34% of all new TB cases have MDR TB, and only few of them are diagnosed and appropriately treated  . Strategies to prevent the spread of drug resistant TB include rapid diagnosis, early initiation of adequate treatment, patient follow up and surveillance .
Electrolytic processes in pure water are commonly ascribed to the following sequence of events: current flow, electrode polarization, interfacial double layer formation around the electrodes, and establishment of equilibrium. The charge carriers responsible for this sequence include negatively charged OH groups, protons, hydronium ions, and perhaps larger scale charged clusters. In a previous report from this laboratory, it was found that the distribution of charge carriers did not fit this conventional picture.
Our current understanding of the use of transmitters by neurons is based on the axiom that a neuron synthesizes the transmitters that are released at presynaptic terminals. However, a few studies have suggested that serotonin can accumulate in neurons that do not synthesize it. Similarly, Upton and colleagues have shown that retinal ganglion cells take up serotonin during embryonic and early postnatal development, even though these cells do not synthesize serotonin .
A central part of early cognitive development involves the development of attention networks . Two attention networks influence the ability to regulate emotions and thoughts. The executive attention network involves the anterior cingulate and plays a major role in adult regulation.
Hyper IgM syndrome is a rare primary immune deficiency disorder that is characterized by low or absent serum IgG, IgA, or IgE antibodies and predisposition to recurrent infection in infancy and early adulthood . However, additional disease susceptibility genes responsible for this disorder await identification  . CVID patients usually present with recurrent infections in mucosal tissues as consequence of marked hypogammaglobulinemia.
Antiretroviral therapy has transformed HIV infection from a uniformly fatal disease to a chronic medical condition for the majority of individuals with access to treatment. Thus, contemporary HIV management calls for indefinite ARV administration in the face of a growing, but exhaustible number of antiretroviral drug options . The spectrum of available antiretroviral drugs must be utilized to provide lifelong therapy while contending with the challenges to treatment regimen longevity posed by toxicity and drug resistance  .
The Achilles tendon  transmits substantial forces from the gastrocnemius and soleus muscles during movement. Similarly, our research group showed that knee flexion modulates the uniformity of AT tissue displacements . These results imply that inter fascicle sliding within the AT may be important to normal function.
Subclinical atherosclerosis is measured by intima media thickening  in human carotid arteries, and carotid IMT is associated with increased cardiovascular risk. Mechanisms responsible for formation and progression of carotid IMT are unknown. Importantly, about 40% of the variability in the carotid IMT depends on family history in humans.
It has long been known that dizygotic  twinning runs in families . Additional studies support evidence for familial DZ twinning. investigated the inheritance of DZ twinning in 1,422 Dutch and Flemish families by formal segregation analysis.
Despite the fact that it has been possible to screen for cervical cancer for 60 years, this disease is still the second most common cause of cancer death in women worldwide. The E7 antigen in this construct has been modified at aa24 and 27, which completely abrogates function while retaining conformation, so that CD8+ T cells elicited by this construct demonstrate antitumor effect against epithelial cells expressing wildtype E7. Calreticulin is a 46 kDa Ca2+ binding chaperonin related to the family of heat shock proteins  .
Alanine aminotransferase   is an important enzyme in the intermediary metabolism of glucose and protein catalyzing the reversible transamination between alanine and 2 oxoglutarate to form pyruvate and glutamate. ALT has been used as a marker for liver injury in people and in preclinical toxicity studies. However, the increase of serum ALT activity is also observed in conditions other than liver damage, such as muscle disease, celiac disease and in apparently healthy people .
Success of many traditional chemotherapeutics is tempered by high systemic and organ toxicity producing relatively low drug levels at the area of need. This paper focuses on a relatively hydrophilic chemotherapeutic, doxorubicin  that has successfully been used to treat liver, breast, ovarian, and lung cancer. Ultrasound contrast agents  consist of gas bubbles encapsulated with an outer shell for stability.
Connexins are the constituents of the intercellular channels known as gap junctions. Gap junctions allow the exchange of ions and small molecules up to 1 kDa in size and are therefore primarily thought of as communicating channels. So, the relation between gap and adherens junctions has been amply documented .
Breast cancer incidence varies across populations in the US. Data from the Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Results program show that the age adjusted incidence  of breast cancer  is highest in White women , followed by African American , Asian American , and Latina  women, with the lowest incidence in Indigenous American women  . Variation in exposure to known risk factors may explain some of these differences in incidence  but not all .
Ultrashort pulsed  lasers are an attractive, chemical free method to inactivate pathogens in pharmaceuticals and blood products. Visible USP laser irradiation is a unique strategy to overcome the limitations of conventional antiviral agents due to its physical mechanism of action  the excitation of molecular vibrations within viral capsids through impulsive stimulated Raman scattering . Additionally, visible light shows negligible intrinsic absorption by nucleic acids and proteins in the absence of chromophores.
The staged Fontan procedure has been the method of choice in single ventricle  congenital heart defect palliation for many years. In this procedure, the superior and inferior vena cava  are anastomosed to the pulmonary arteries, bypassing the heart. Although short term outcomes are acceptable, there are still many long term complications that affect these patients, .
Systemic inflammatory response syndrome  is widely used as an early and objective indicator of acute systemic inflammation. Although SIRS is often thought to be a necessary precursor of sepsis syndromes, recent consensus statements on defining sepsis have largely moved away from including SIRS given its lack of specificity. In fact, non infectious SIRS appears to occur nearly twice as often as infectious SIRS in hospitalized patients.
In the past decade, both the Office of Rare Diseases , now the Office of Rare Diseases Research , and the Genetic and Rare Diseases Information Center recognized how difficult it was for patients with rare diseases to reach an accurate diagnosis. Hence, in early 2008, the ORDR designated $280,000 to foster an initiative to investigate individuals with undiagnosed disorders. NIH institute and center directors approved of this concept, namely the creation of a “mystery disease” clinic reminiscent of the early years of the NIH intramural program.
A significant number of phenotypically diverse human diseases are caused by alterations in the mitochondrial translation machinery, including defects of mitochondrial rRNAs and tRNAs and of the nuclear genes involved in mitochondrial translation . The majority of these defects lead to neuromuscular diseases , but almost all tissue types can be affected . For heteroplasmic mitochondrial DNA disorders differential mutation load in different tissues seems to play a significant role in determining the phenotype .
The extent to which the representation and processing of complex words such as compounds  makes recourse to morpheme level units remains a matter of debate. While there is now considerable evidence suggesting that morpheme level representations are activated during complex word processing, broadly consistent with decompositional approaches, the positing of a morpheme based route to complex word recognition entails mechanisms for segmenting putatively complex words to identify candidate constituents, the activation of these constituents from memory, and mechanisms for combining these morphemes to form and interpret the complex word. As noted above, there is now considerable evidence suggesting early, automatic access to constituent representations in putatively complex words.
We sought to compare characteristics of emergency medical services treated out of hospital cardiac arrests resulting from suspected drug overdose with non overdose cases and test the relationship between suspected overdose and survival to hospital discharge . Data from emergency medical services treated, non traumatic out of hospital cardiac arrests from 20062008 and late 20092011 were obtained from 4 EMS agencies in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania metropolitan area. Case definition for suspected drug overdose was naloxone administration, indication on the patient care report and/or indication by a review of hospital records.
Infantile Spasms Syndrome  is a rare, complex seizure disorder appearing within the first year of life. The clinical features include brief motor spasms of the extremities and trunk, chaotic high amplitude interictal EEG waves and multifocal spikes , and severe developmental delay. The motor spasms and hypsarrhythmia cease spontaneously in nearly 25% of cases per year, and typically abate in most children by age 5, however cortical seizures and mental retardation often persist into adulthood .
Cell fates are established during development by spatially controlled activation of signal transduction pathways that regulate transcription factors. The receptor tyrosine kinase /Ras/extracellular regulated kinase  signaling pathway is used reiteratively during animal development to specify a wide range of cell fates. Following ligand binding by Receptor Tyrosine Kinases, Raf binds to GTP loaded Ras at the cell membrane and initiates a series of biochemical reactions.
High rates of HIV associated with injection drug use  have helped categorize China as a country with an injection driven epidemic. This perhaps offered an accurate description of the situation during the initial stages of China’s epidemic when as many as 70% of cases were attributable to IDU, but a vastly different situation is now emerging. In 2003, statistical data on HIV and AIDS in China began to illustrate rapid transition toward a trend of sexual transmission  and HIV is now primarily spread through sexual contact .
The generation of effector and memory CD8+ T lymphocyte subsets is a key function of an adaptive immune response against microbial pathogen. Short lived, terminally differentiated effector T  cells provide acute host defense, while memory lymphocytes provide long term protection against reinfection . Among long lived memory lymphocytes, effector memory T  cells patrol the peripheral tissues and execute immediate effector functions after re encountering microbe, while central memory T  cells patrol the lymphoid tissues and retain the capacity to proliferate upon rechallenge .
Aquaporins  are a family of membrane channels  that, through modulating the water permeability of biological membranes, play a significant role in water homeostasis in living cells . Three dimensional structures at atomic resolution are available for E. coli GlpF  and AqpZ , human AQP1 , bovine AQP1 , archaeal AqpM , rat AQP4 , as well as bovine and sheep AQP0 at two different pH conditions . The structure of human AQP2 has also been solved with a resolution of 4.5 Å .
The p53 tumor suppressor protein is a versatile transcription factor whose functional inactivation triggers oncogenic events and facilitates the emergence of unstable genomes in 50% of all human cancers. Diverse cellular events such as endogenous and therapy induced damage to DNA, hypoxia, stresses associated with metabolism, DNA replication and redox imbalance govern the activation and stabilization of p53 protein through a variety of posttranslational modifications, such as site specific phosphorylations, acetylation, and sumoylation . In contrast, it is well known that the transcription factor activity of p53 is highly susceptible to oxidative inactivation during physiological and pathological stresses that generate reactive oxygen species  and nitrogen species , as well as their byproducts, H2O2, and hydroxyl radicals .
Locally advanced breast cancers account for 510% of new breast cancer diagnoses in the United States and 6070% of cases worldwide. According to the American Joint Committee on Cancer  TNM 7th edition classification, breast cancer lesions with direct extension to skin beyond the dermis are considered locally advanced and grouped as T4b primaries. Regardless of tumor size and involvement of regional lymph node basins, the presence of significant skin involvement  places any tumor into Stage III , where 5 year overall survival ranges from 41 to 67% .
Searching MS/MS data against a protein database is an established method for determining the protein composition of a biological sample. However, as a protein database contains only known proteins, the ability to discover new or altered proteins is limited. In the analysis of diseases such as cancer, aberrant forms of expression may produce disease related proteins not found in the reference protein data sets; therefore, searching standard protein databases  will miss these cancer related, novel proteins .
Heart failure  is a devastating disease with poor prognosis, and remains a leading cause of death worldwide , . Excess signaling through cardiac G protein Gβγ subunits is an important component of HF pathophysiology. Increasing evidence suggests a critical role for Gβγ mediated signaling in HF.
Biofilms, or microbial colonies adhered to surfaces, are found throughout nature. The microbial extracellular polymeric substance , or slime, of biofilms is a biomolecular hydrogel composed of excreted polymers. Perhaps most important, however, is the role of these gels in biological function.
Self report measures are valuable tools for clinicians and researchers, as they are quick and cost effective methods for assessing symptoms associated with mental illness. Replications such as these are important, as a symptom scale may take on different properties in different populations . Unfortunately, many populations that are at high risk for trauma exposure do not have adequately validated measures available.
T cells can have potent effects on tumor progression ; however, it is evident that many solid tumors are resistant to immune responses and immune cell attack. Although much effort has been devoted to increasing immune responses against tumors, this is hampered by localized immunosuppression of the adaptive immune system   . The tumor microenvironment differs from that of normal tissues in a number of respects.
Methods for the cross coupling of amides with aryl halides and pseudohalides                have matured to a point that they may be used to reliably prepare a wide variety of                    substances. Advances in this area are                due, in large part, to the identification of improved supporting ligands. The                classic copper mediated coupling of an amide with an aryl iodide  proceeds catalytically and at lower temperatures when diamine ligands are                    employed.
The peroxiredoxin proteins  represent one of the most abundant enzyme families in cells of all phylogenetic origins . The molecular function of these enzymes is to catalyze the reduction of hydrogen peroxide, alkyl hydroperoxides and peroxynitrite, all important products of oxidative and nitrosative metabolism . Although Prxs have been the subject of various structural and functional studies , many details of their molecular mechanism remain elusive, especially those aspects of the protein structure that facilitate cysteine deprotonation.
Neurons of the deep cerebellar nuclei  form the major output of the computational circuitry of the cerebellum . Their rate and pattern of activity encode the information necessary for motor coordination. An interesting biophysical feature of DCN neurons is rebound depolarization .
Knee pain is the most common symptom experienced by persons with knee osteoarthritis . Pathognomonic features of progressive knee OA, loss of articular cartilage and exposure of the subchondral bone plate, are believed to contribute to knee symptoms. How loss of articular cartilage contributes to pain remains unclear.
During the past 30 years, ranaviruses have caused considerable morbidity and mortality among ectothermic vertebrates, i.e., amphibians, fish, and reptiles . Frog Virus 3 is the best characterized member and the type species of the genus Ranavirus , a group of large, icosahedral, double stranded DNA viruses . Among these five genera, ranaviruses and megalocytiviruses are currently viewed as emerging pathogens of fish and amphibians  .
Cell adhesion to extracellular matrices  is central to tissue organization, maintenance, repair and pathogenesis by providing forces and signals that direct cell survival, migration, cell cycle progression, and differentiation . The β1 integrin subfamily binds to fibronectin , collagens, and laminins, and genetic deletion of the β1 subunit results in early embryonic lethality . Early work demonstrated that binding sites in the integrin β1 tail mediate interactions with structural cytoskeletal components that regulate diverse adhesive functions.
It has long been recognized that the dentofacial region contributes significantly to overall facial appearance. Adults with extreme overjet, deep bite, and crowding, whether or not they have previously received orthodontic treatment, have reported significantly lower self concept ratings than those without malocclusion. One study of adults with skeletal disharmonies found that more than a third of the subjects reported that they had experienced substantial distress and personal insecurity caused by their appearance .
Showering is a common bathing method in the developed world . Over time, these adherent bacteria grow and recruit additional species on outer and inner surfaces to form complex, multi species biofilm communities  . Members of some of these genera have been reported to cause opportunistic infections, especially in immunocompromised individuals .
The President's New Freedom Commission on Mental Health identifies the elimination of disparities in mental health services as an integral part to improving the health of the country. Even more, once African Americans enter services, they are also more likely to drop out of treatment earlier and at greater rates than Caucasians. , This is problematic since reliance upon emergency psychiatric care for the treatment of mental health problems does not provide continuity of care or access to the most effective, appropriate treatments.
Effectively communicating persuasive appeals among adults is not only challenging, but also highly dependent on the relational aspects and strength of the interpersonal communication . Therefore, developing effective persuasive appeals communicated in an upward direction from child to parent presents unique challenges. Cancer mortality rates continue to be of great concern and early detection plays a critical role in abating the ever rising cancer burden .
The platinum compound cisplatin is a widely used and potent chemotherapy agent available to treat a variety of solid tumors and other malignancies , however its clinical use is limited by development of dose dependent nephrotoxicity in about 30% of patients preventing the use of high doses to maximize the therapeutic efficacy  . Numerous interrelated processes may be involved in the development of cisplatin induced nephrotoxicity including inflammation , formation of reactive oxygen  and nitrogen species , DNA damage , caspase  and poly  polymerase  activation . Increasing number of recent studies highlight the importance of inflammatory mechanisms in the pathogenesis and progression of cisplatin induced nephropathy through the recruitment of inflammatory cells, such as leukocytes and macrophages, which contribute to the cisplatin induced tissue injury .
Myxococcus xanthus is a rod shaped Gram negative bacterium with a developmental cycle and surface motility known as gliding . Within fruiting bodies, cells undergo differentiation to form dormant spherical myxospores that can survive harsh conditions including desiccation and heat. Gliding motility is essential for the aggregation and organization of M. xanthus fruiting bodies during the developmental process  .
Resistance to chemotherapy is a major barrier in the treatment of cancer. There are four receptors in the ErbB family: EGFR , HER2 , HER3  and HER4 . HER1 and its ligand TGF α constitute one of the best defined autocrine loops in human tumours , and their co expression correlates with aggressive disease and poor prognosis in several types of tumours, including colorectal cancer .
Plasma protein binding can have a profound effect on drug distribution and pharmacokinetics by slowing or preventing passive extravasation into tissues. , Protein binding must be evaluated as part of the drug development process, and the FDA requires that plasma protein binding be reported. Human serum albumin  is highly concentrated in plasma , and responsible for the majority of small molecule binding in plasma.
Early in corticogenesis, cortical progenitors referred to as neuroepithelial cells , have stem cell properties and expand their numbers within the ventricular zone  by symmetric cell division that produces two like progenitors. Little is known about the mechanisms that mediate this critical transition period that bridges the early expansion phase characterized by symmetric division of NCs with the later neurogenic phase characterized by asymmetric division of RG. Each of these genetic manipulations results in an increase in cortical progenitors, and presumably as a result, an increase in cortical size .
There is mounting evidence that asthma is associated with changes in the airway microbiome. For example, detection of Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae and Moraxella catarrhalis within the upper airway in early infancy is associated with an increased risk of developing recurrent wheezing and then asthma. In addition, culture independent methods of bacteria detection demonstrate that Proteobacteria, a phylum of bacteria containing a majority of gram negative bacteria, appeared more frequently in both nasal and bronchial samples in stable asthma, and are linked to increased bronchial hyperresponsiveness.
Cellular stress occurs when a cell is exposed to conditions, such as oxidative stress and nutrient starvation, that threaten its survival. The molecular mechanisms of cellular stress range from specific signaling pathways to random reactions of unstable chemical species . In the present study, we investigated cellular stress responses induced by the xenobiotic compound resazurin, which is known to react with a wide array of biological substances .
Previous studies have demonstrated a robust association between greater adipose tissue and higher levels of blood pressure, as well as incident hypertension. Indeed, it is estimated that 70% of hypertension can be attributed to excess adiposity. In this regard, higher sympathetic nervous system  activity, present in obese individuals, results in increased renin release, aldosterone production, and renal tubular sodium reabsorption.
Veno occlusive disease of the liver  occurs in 515% of patients after myeloablative allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, and is thought to be due to conditioning related injury to hepatic sinusoidal endothelium and hepatocytes, compounded by cytokine mediated effects related to allogenicity. While clinical risk factors for VOD are well established, the precise prediction of VOD occurrence in individuals remains elusive . We have demonstrated that the frequency of VOD after sirolimus based GVHD prophylaxis is increased .
Local inhibition in the spinal cord dorsal horn is essential for appropriate encoding of sensory signals. This, in turn, is dependent upon proper pre and postsynaptic connectivity. Inhibitory neurons represent a significant percentage  of the total population of neurons in laminae I  III .
Protein DNA interactions are involved in many essential biological processes, such as gene regulation, DNA repair, and chromatin structure. When high quality crystals of protein DNA complexes are obtained, they typically contain only small DNA fragments due to constraints imposed by crystal packing. Other methods for probing specific interactions between proteins and DNA, such as mutagenesis or cross linking, require chemical modifications that may influence the interaction.
Schizophrenia is a disabling, chronic illness, which has marked socio economic impacts on the patients and the entire community . To date, a symptom based approach has not increased our understanding of schizophrenia. An alternative approach employed in schizophrenia research involves measuring cognitive/neurophysiological parameters in healthy and schizophrenic subjects .
Nursing home services are largely paid for by public insurances and are regulated by the federal and state governments . On a macro level, the closure of a facility shrinks the supply of nursing home beds in the community, and may affect access to care in areas of limited supply. In contrast, evidence suggests that nursing homes with poor quality of care or lower occupancy rate are more likely to terminate  ,  and ultimately close .
Physical inactivity is an independent risk factor for developing chronic diseases including obesity, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, depression, and cancer . Conversely, regular physical activity improves health and reduces mortality . Despite growing knowledge and public awareness, the majority of adults in the United States  do not attain recommended amounts of physical activity.
Because many loci of diseases are shared between mouse and human, mouse disease models play essential roles in the understanding of disease mechanisms, progression, and drug efficacy testing. MRI allows longitudinal monitoring of disease progression and had been applied to characterize animal models of brain diseases . The definition of anatomical boundaries depends on delineation protocols and may not be compatible among different laboratories.
Atrial fibrillation  is a common cardiac arrhythmia associated with an increased risk of ischemic stroke and other cardiovascular diseases. This landscape has changed in the last few years, with the approval by the Food and Drug Administration of 3 new oral anticoagulants  for the prophylaxis of ischemic stroke and other cardioembolic complications. These new drugs—the direct thrombin inhibitor dabigatran and the direct factor X inhibitors rivaroxaban and apixaban—have been shown to be non inferior or superior to warfarin with respect to the prevention of stroke, while being associated in general with lower rates of hemorrhage, particularly intracranial bleeding .
In recent years, 3 dimensional human skin equivalents have become more frequently used to monitor the modulation of pigmentation by melanogenic inhibitors or stimulators as well as to evaluate the photoprotective properties of melanin . Although the morphology of human skin equivalents can be microscopically observed using an inverted microscope, there is a growing need to monitor potential color changes at the macroscopic level. The purpose of this study was to develop a protocol using macrophotography to monitor melanogenesis within the sterile environment of a tissue culture laminar flow hood using commercially available digital cameras.
Botulinum toxins  represent a Class A bioterrorism threat as defined by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases of the National Institutes of Health. Rapid treatment with anti BoNT antibodies can prevent disease progression . As clinical experience with inhaled botulism is limited, as with food borne botulism, patients often require 2 to 8 weeks on a ventilator for recovery; but even after recovery, there is a potential for persistent fatigue years in some cases of botulism even years after the insult .
Cobalamin  is an essential micronutrient required by all cells in the body. Adenosylcobalamin  and methylcobalamin  serve as coenzymes for methylmalonyl CoA mutase  and methionine synthase , respectively. Insufficient dietary intake of Cbl, malabsorption, defective transport, or impaired intracellular processing and coenzyme biosynthesis can lead to clinical cobalamin deficiency .
Virtual screening has been successful in the discovery of certain novel inhibitors, and a number of these inhibitors have advanced to clinical trials. When the structure of a target protein is available, virtual screening involves docking potential inhibitors against the protein and ranking the inhibitors by their predicted affinity using a scoring function. Molecular mechanics Poisson Boltzmann surface area  or Molecular Mechanics Generalized Born surface area  have been used in some instances in the post processing and re ranking of results from molecular docking.
Efficient voiding requires bladder outlet relaxation followed by a detrusor contraction that is sufficient to overcome the remaining resistance of the outlet. While many men develop increased outlet resistance with aging as a result of prostatic hypertrophy, no anatomic corollary exists in women. Women often present with symptoms commonly associated with voiding dysfunction such as a slow urine stream, straining to void, a feeling of incomplete bladder emptying, need to re void and position dependent micturition.
It is well established that major depressive disorder  is partly heritable. A meta analysis estimated the heritability of MDD around 37% . These findings have led to attempts to identify genes influencing the vulnerability for MDD.
Preterm birth is a major unsolved problem in the United States, where in 2004, 1 in 8 births occurred at 37 weeks gestation. A substantial proportion of bacterial pathogens or the presence of high concentrations of proinflammatory cytokines such as interleukin 6 in amniotic fluid., Evidence is increasing that neonates who are exposed to intraamniotic infection have an increased risk in 2004, 1 in 8 births occurred at <37 weeks gestation.1 Preterm birth, which is a leading cause of neonatal morbidity and death, has actually increased in recent years, despite concerted prevention efforts. A substantial proportion of spontaneous preterm births are associated with intraamniotic infection, which is defined by the recovery of adverse outcomes  when compared with nonexposed infants of similar birthweight., Currently, the definitive diagnosis of intraamniotic infection requires a transabdominal amniocentesis to perform a direct examination of amniotic fluid.
It is frequently asserted that marriage is more beneficial for the mental health of men than women , but the evidence for this is far from clear cut . Research has shown that marital distress is a risk factor for anxiety and mood disorders for both men and women , but that women are more likely to experience marital distress . Longitudinal studies can usually provide greater clarity on this issue than cross sectional studies because their information on the temporal sequence of mental health symptoms and marital status change helps to differentiate selection  from protection effects.
With environmental concerns over waste build up and limited petroleum resources, the demand has never been greater for enzymatic, or “green” approaches for efficient chemical synthesis and degradation reactions. Several enzymes have been exploited to not only perform stereo  and regioselective chemical transformations on small molecules, but also to breakdown or modify synthetic polymers useful for applications in chemical, pharmaceutical and textile industries,, ,  Serine hydrolases have been employed most extensively for these biotransformations. , Cutinases are α/β hydrolases commonly secreted by fungal phytopathogens that enable them to penetrate the protective surface cutin layer of plants.
The family of Ras homologous  genes that play central roles in cell proliferation and motility has been implicated in tumorigenesis as well as metastatic progression . The Rho subfamily includes RhoA, RhoB and RhoC and they share 85% amino acid sequence identity . On the other hand, RhoB plays a role in controlling cytokine trafficking as well as in apoptosis induced by DNA damaging agents and has been suggested to act as a suppressor of tumor progression  .
CD8 T cells play an important role in controlling many viral infections and are elicited by live viral vaccines. This suggests an important role for signals other than peptide recognition . More recent studies in simple model systems have also suggested such interactions can control aspects of the response of CD8 T cells .
Chlamydia pneumoniae is a human respiratory pathogen responsible for approximately 10% of all community acquired pneumonia and 5% of bronchitis and sinusitis cases . Importantly, C. pneumoniae infections have been associated with chronic inflammatory conditions such as atherosclerosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and asthma . Chlamydiae are obligate intracellular pathogens whose developmental cycle occurs entirely within their eukaryotic hosts.
Today the concept of tissue engineering using cells incorporated into biodegradable scaffolds is being successfully applied to a variety of tissues including bone , cartilage , skin , blood vessels  and bladders . The main approaches include the use of synthetic polymers or naturally derived components such as extracellular matrix  proteins . One key concern regarding polymeric scaffolds is the inflammatory reaction that occurs upon their implantation and degradation .
Stroke in the neonatal period occurs in 1/4000 and is as common as in the adult , with over 80% of the surviving newborns having neurodevelopmental sequelae . Neuroprotective therapies are being investigated, each targeting a specific step of the injury response  . The subventricular zone  and the dentate gyrus  of the hippocampus are the two brain regions where adult neurogenesis occurs .
The importance of skeletal muscle in maintaining metabolic and functional health is well established . Without intervention, decreases in muscle size and strength of 1015% per decade are observed after the age of 50 years, with increasing rates of loss after the age of 65 . This is problematic because muscle strength may be the primary determinant in the risk of falling in the elderly .
Finite element  modeling has been employed successfully to study the mechanics of biological structures. One essential ingredient of FE modeling is the geometry or shape of the structure to model . Traditionally there have been two approaches to defining the model geometry for FE modeling in biomechanics: generic or specimen specific.
Interventions to improve treatment of mental health problems in pediatric primary care range from relatively brief communication training for primary care providers  to collaborative care models that attempt to better integrate mental health services within primary care settings. In addition, at least one mental health communications training intervention for PCPs found that Latino  children had more substantial gains in functioning after visiting a trained PCP compared with their non Latino Caucasian counterparts, suggesting that trained PCPs may have gained skills to overcome some of the language or cultural challenges associated with communication about mental health. As primary care practices, health plans, and policymakers continue to look for ways to enhance the mental health treatment capacity of primary care with limited resources, particularly in public clinics and other settings that serve large uninsured Latino populations, there may be opportunities to think about ways to enhance the role of other staff in the clinic .
MicroRNAs  are known to play key regulatory roles in physiological processes including cell differentiation, apoptosis, proliferation, metabolism, organ development, and tumor progression . Aberrant expression of miRNAs is a common feature in hematologic malignancies  and solid cancers , suggesting a potential role for miRNAs in cancer. It has been proposed that miRNAs function as integral parts of the molecular architecture of oncogene and tumor suppressor networks .
Hedgehog  signaling is a key mediator of growth, morphogenesis, and differentiation during embryonic development, playing a critical role in patterning the brain, face, and other tissues. In utero chemical antagonism of Hh signaling can induce a wide range of developmental anomalies including holoprosencephaly , cleft lip and palate , and limb defects . While occurring infrequently in live births , HPE is estimated to occur in 1 in 250 human conceptuses .
The thymic environment orchestrates the development of the diverse repertoire of functional T cells that is required for a robust adaptive immune response to foreign antigens  while minimizing the generation of T lymphocytes that can attack normal tissues and drive autoimmunity. One key control point in the thymus to maintain self tolerance involves deletion of those late stage CD4+CD8+ double positive  thymocytes that express autoreactive αβTCRs and can interact with moderate to high affinity with thymic dendritic cells  presenting self antigens . The synchronized transitions of the gene expression profiles of the developing thymocytes are associated with alterations in the activity of critical transcription factors.
Prior work with fMRI has identified three face selective regions in occipito temporal cortex: the fusiform face area  , found in the mid fusiform gyrus; the occipital face area  , found in the lateral inferior occipital gyri; and a face selective region in the posterior part of the superior temporal sulcus that we will refer to here as the “fSTS” . Despite considerable research, the precise role of each of these regions in face perception remains unclear. Several prior studies suggest a functional division of labor among the three face selective regions, with each apparently involved in a different aspect of face perception.
It is generally assumed that the spike activity of sensory neurons codes information about the sensory modality it provides to the central nervous system . This view presumes that spike initiation occurs close to the innervated sensory structure and codes the sensory signal. Many sensory neurons, however, are spontaneously active even without sensory input.
Organisms exposed to noxious stimuli early in life can develop abnormal pain experience during adulthood . However, conclusions about pain experience from these studies must be tempered because of an incomplete understanding of the anatomic development of nociceptive circuits in the central nervous system. In particular, the nociceptive pathways that ascend from the spinal cord to supraspinal targets and that are required for the perception of pain have not been examined during the perinatal period .
Work related musculoskeletal disorders  are also known as occupational overuse injuries, or repetitive strain injuries. Epidemiological studies have linked upper extremity WMSDs with occupational physical activities involving repetitive arm motions and other risk factors   . Cyclical loading and high force loads are known to affect bone quality  .
Asthma is a multifactorial disease characterized by chronic inflammation of the lungs in response to aerosol allergens. IL 4 plays a key role in CD4+ T cell commitment to a Th2 phenotype and the induction of IgE production. IL 13 and IL 9 control mucus production and airway hyperreactivity  .
Paramyxovirus particles, like those of other enveloped viruses, are formed by budding from cellular membranes. Budding occurs after viral structural components, including viral glycoproteins and viral ribonucleoprotein complexes , have assembled together on infected cell plasma membranes . Other paramyxoviruses, including Newcastle disease virus and Nipah virus , produce VLPs very efficiently even when M protein is expressed by itself .
The promyelocytic leukaemia  gene was initially identified as a tumour suppressor gene inactivated in patients with acute promyelocytic leukaemia as a result of its fusion with the retinoic acid receptor α gene . PML localizes to distinct speckled subnuclear structures commonly known as PML oncogenic domains  . The transactivating isoforms of p73  have a diverse efficiency in the transactivation of downstream cellular targets whereas the anti apoptotic, N terminally truncated, ΔNp73 isoforms lack transactivation ability .
Neonatal electroencephalographic polysomnographic studies have been performed for over half a century . From the earliest days of the development of the neonatal intensive care unit, EEG sleep studies have been proposed to assess brain organization and maturation, determine the severity and persistence of a neonatal encephalopathy, detect neonatal seizures, and identify associations with serial clinical examinations and neuroimaging studies. A recently published report estimates that 12.3 percent of all live births in the United States are children less than 37 weeks gestation .
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in women worldwide. Despite improvements in early diagnosis, and development of various targeted therapeutic approaches, breast cancer related mortality still remains at a high level. Major limitations associated with available therapeutic approaches are high toxicity, lower efficacy, therapeutic resistance and therapy related morbidity.
CD4+ helper T cells play an important role in adaptive immune responses. Upon antigen stimulation, CD4+ helper T cells expand and differentiate into T helper type 1 , type 2 , and regulatory T cells  . A subset of interleukin 17  producing T helper cells, termed Th17 cells, has been recently established as a unique T helper cell lineage .
In the United States , the prevalence of overweight is among the highest in Mexican American children and adolescents according to National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys  . In 2005 2006 the prevalence of overweight among children  from all ethnic/racial groups was 15.5%. For Mexican American males and females  the prevalence was 23.2% and 18.5%, respectively.
Angiogenesis is increasingly recognized as essential in the growth and metastasis of human tumors . Thalidomide has been shown to inhibit vasculature in a rat cornea model after D’Amato et al. hypothesized that congenital anomalies brought about by thalidomide were secondary to its effect on vasculogenesis . While the precise mechanism by which thalidomide exerts its anti angiogenic effects remain to be elucidated, thalidomide has been shown to have promising results in a variety of cancers , with multiple myeloma at the forefront.
The current evidence from randomized clinical trials strongly argues that severely injured patients fed exclusively by the parenteral route experience an increased rate of infectious complications such as pneumonia and abdominal abscess compared to patients fed enterally. Experimentally, parenteral nutrition  in mice impairs established respiratory defenses to both bacterial and viral pathogens through reductions in airway IgA. ,  Our lab investigates relationships between PN with lack of enteral stimulation and the deterioration of host respiratory and gut immunity  provided by the mucosal immune system.
Familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy1 , the leading cause of sudden cardiac death in people under 30 , is characterized by myofibrillar disarray and thickening of the left ventricle, papillary muscles, or septum. FHC is caused by mutations in cardiac sarcomeric proteins including the myosin heavy chain , the regulatory  and essential light chains of myosin, troponins I, T, and C, titin, tropomyosin, actin, and myosin binding protein C . The clinical presentation and prognosis of the disease depend on the specific mutation .
Platinum based combination chemotherapy offers a modest survival advantage over best supportive care for good PS patients with advanced non small cell lung cancer . Because of toxicity, patients with squamous cell histology and history of hemoptysis were excluded from this pivotal trial., Another phase Ib study of cediranib with cisplatin/gemcitabine in NSCLC reported in 2007, a few weeks prior to activation of N0528, that the protocol defined maximum tolerated dose was not reached at the 45 mg level, although 30 mg once daily dosing appeared to be better tolerated with protracted dosing., Variations in toxicities and response have been observed in all these studies . These phenotypic variations are often traceable to underlying genetic variations as a result of polymorphic genes encoding proteins that metabolize, transport or are targets for the drug.
The gastrointestinal tract is poised in a state of equilibrium that permits rapid protective responses against pathogens but curtails damage by hindering long lasting vigorous inflammatory processes. This balance is achieved through interactions between pro inflammatory T helper 17  cells and anti inflammatory regulatory T cells   that suppress TH17 inflammation in an IL 10 dependent manner . Autoimmune disorders, in particular human inflammatory bowel disease , are etiologically associated with chronically deregulated inflammation .
Immunotherapy involving the transfer of genes encoding T cell receptors  into peripheral blood lymphocytes  is based on the foundation of knowledge gained from the study of tumor infiltrating lymphocytes . Fundamental advances have been made in the past two decades with regard to adoptive transfer of TIL, resulting in response rates exceeding 50% when autologous reactive TIL were transferred following a lymphodepleting conditioning regimen . Despite these advances, several limitations of this technology exist.
According to United Nations projections, Nigeria is expected to be at the threshold of reaping a potential demographic dividend , following the expected decline in its dependency ratio from 88 dependents per 100 workers in 2010 to only 69 dependents per 100 workers by 2050 . The potential demographic dividend requires more than just declining fertility; it also requires full employment of the working age population. This uncertainty reflects data quality issues .
Inward rectifier potassium  channels play fundamental roles in excitable and non excitable cells in mammals, including the regulation of skeletal and cardiomyocyte excitation contraction coupling, the transport of potassium  in renal and intestinal epithelia, and the metabolic coupling of blood glucose to insulin secretion in pancreatic beta cells . In humans, there are sixteen Kir channel encoding genes, which by amino acid homology have been divided into seven subfamilies . With the exception of Kir6.x channels, which form hetero octomeric complexes with regulatory sulfonylurea receptors , Kir channels are homo  or heterotetramers of membrane spanning subunits assembled around a water filled pore through which K+ moves down its electrochemical gradient .
Autism, a complex and heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorder with a largely unknown etiology, is characterized by impairments in social interaction and communication, along with the presence of repetitive and stereotypic behaviors or interests. In the last decade, the reported prevalence of autism has increased by 314 fold, ostensibly because of changes in autism awareness, case definition, and broadening diagnostic criteria  . The genetic component in autism is undeniable.
Sulfatase enzymes comprise a group of cellular and extracellular enzymes that are key regulators of the degradation of sulfated glycosaminoglycans, including chondroitin sulfate, dermatan sulfate, keratan sulfate, heparin, and heparan sulfate, and of sulfated steroids, including estrone sulfate and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate. Arylsulfatase B  and N acetylgalactosamine 6 sulfatase  are enzymes that remove sulfate groups from the sulfated glycosaminoglycans  chondroitin 4 sulfate  and chondroitin 6 sulfate , respectively. Removal of the 4 sulfate group is required for the degradation of C4S, and removal of the sulfate group is required for activity of steroid hormones.
Despite significant advances in targeted therapies against cancer, metastatic disease remains incurable . Paget’s ‘seed and soil’ hypothesis suggests that a receptive pre metastatic microenvironment must evolve in order for tumor cells to engraft and proliferate at secondary sites . Tumor cell derived factors that enhance or direct metastasis to specific organs have been described .
B cell development begins within the bone marrow, starting from common lymphoid progenitor cells. Development proceeds through discrete stages that ultimately lead to the generation of immature B cells expressing a functional B cell receptor  on the cell surface. In the BM, encounter with self antigen can lead to one of three outcomes: deletion by apoptosis, induction of anergy or receptor editing and re expression of a new BCR.
The corticotropin releasing factor  family of peptides, including CRF and the urocortins play a critical role in neuroendocrine and behavioral stress responses . Some anxiety disorders have been linked to abnormalities in CRF signaling. Mutations in the CRF  and CRF1 receptor  genes have been associated with traits predictive for panic disorder and panic disorder diagnoses, respectively.
Electrophysiological abnormalities in specific oscillatory frequencies  and in event related potentials  such as mismatch negativity   are consistently reported in schizophrenia. Our understanding on the causes of these diverse electrical anomalies is limited. NMDA receptor function is sensitively indexed by MMN in animals and humans .
Accumulating evidence from both animal studies and pilot clinical trials has demonstrated that pro angiogenic endothelial progenitor cells  have therapeutic effects including stimulation of neovascularization and regeneration of injured endothelium . Aging is one of the major risk factors for the onset and development of cardiovascular diseases . However, the mechanisms underlying effects of aging on functions of EPCs are poorly understood .
When viruses infect cells, intrinsic defensive actions are initiated almost immediately. The innate immune system is activated when microbial products, such as lipopolysaccharide or viral nucleic acids, are detected. RIG I and MDA 5 proteins comprise an amino terminal caspase recruitment domain  and an RNA helicase domain .
Involuntary smoking  entails exposure to human carcinogens, which are present in tobacco smoke. The composition of involuntary smoking includes both mainstream smoke and sidestream smoke. Mainstream smoke is inhaled and exhaled by smokers; sidestream smoke is released between puffs into the air from the burning cone.
Ascorbic acid  is essential for human health, and in order to survive humans must obtain this nutrient from their diet, primarily from fresh fruits and vegetables . AsA is also critical to plant health, as evidenced by the fact that no plant mutant completely devoid of AsA has ever been described. Despite the importance of AsA, however, the factors regulating its metabolism in plants are not well understood.
The magnocellular neuroendocrine system, with cell somas and dendrites in the supraoptic  and paraventricular  nuclei, has an essential role in osmoregulation . Resulting renal water re absorption and natriuresis restore plasma tonicity, while vasopressin and oxytocin release from the dendrites influence innervating afferent fibers in the SON , the firing rates of magnocellular neurons  and plasticity of local neuro glia interactions  . IL 1β expressed in oxytocinergic and vasopressinergic neurons  may enhance magnocellular responses to osmotic stimulation.
The pharmacologically important membrane bound flavoenzyme monoamine oxidase A 1 functions in the oxidative degradation of the neurotransmitters dopamine, norepinephrine and serotonin . Human MAO A is found to be ~90% identical in sequence with rat MAO A with each enzyme containing an FAD cofactor covalently attached to conserved cysteinyl residues via an 8 α S thioether linkage. These similarities constitute the premise for using rat MAO A as a model for the human enzyme in drug development studies.
Central to adaptive immunity is the linked recognition of antigen by T cells and antigen presenting cells  through direct cell to cell contact. While TPEM provides a paradigm for how human adaptive immune responses might proceed, it cannot be used to directly study immunity in humans . Conventional histology can be used to describe tissue morphology, and immunohistochemistry can be used to assess the relative frequencies of individual cell types.
Poliovirus, the prototypic picornavirus, is a small positive sense RNA virus with a genome of approximately 7500 nucleotides. The RNA secondary structures act as binding sites for both host and viral proteins to mediate viral gene expression and RNA replication. One important example of the multiple RNA protein interactions that are required during a poliovirus infection is the interaction of a cellular protein, poly binding protein 2 , with stem loop IV of the 5′ noncoding region  to mediate cap independent translation initiation.
Intensive research has been recently directed towards designing new materials for biomedical applications. Hydrogels have been of potential use in this respect since they serve as scaffolds with properties similar to the extracellular matrices of many biological tissues. Much of the modeling has focused on articular cartilage, which is a highly hydrated soft tissue between bones and contributes to lubrication and load bearing.
K Cl cotransport is the coupled electroneutral movement of K and Cl ions carried out by four protein isoforms, KCC1 4. These transporters play an important role in epithelial ion transport and osmotic homeostasis . The neuron specific KCC2 is critical for the maturation of inhibitory GABA responses in the central nervous system by the control of intracellular Cl− concentration .
Iodide , the negatively charged  form of the iodine atom, is essential for the synthesis of thyroid hormones . It is transported from the bloodstream into thyroid follicular cells by the sodium/iodide symporter   and is eventually incorporated into thyroglobulin . Iodide transport is induced by thyrotropin   and suppressed by numerous factors, including an excess of iodide and follicular Tg .
Alpha actinins belong to a family of actin crosslinking proteins of which there are four major isoforms in mammals . Of these, alpha actinins 2  and  3  are expressed almost exclusively in muscle, while alpha actinins 1  and  4  display ubiquitous expression profiles  . ACTN1 and ACTN4 are closely related at both the nucleotide and amino acid levels and each localizes to the lamellipodial extensions of motile cells .
The generation of distinct cellular lineages from multipotent progenitor cells involves differentiation programs that couple up regulation of lineage specific genes with silencing of genes expressed in progenitor cells and alternative lineages. The initiation, maintenance, and silencing of gene expression during lineage commitment are regulated by genetic and epigenetic mechanisms. Depending on the affinity of such interactions, thymocytes die by “neglect”, are rescued from programmed cell death and further differentiate , or are actively deleted .
Lipoprotein oxidation plays an in important role in initiation and progression of atherosclerosis, a vascular inflammatory disease, which leads to complications that cause myocardial infarction and stroke . LDL oxidation is a gradual process, progressing from lipid hydroperoxides to degradation products, such as aldehydes and ketones, which can form covalent adducts with proteins and lipids. Thus, we have demonstrated that hydroperoxide rich minimally oxidized LDL  activates macrophages via toll like receptor 4  .
There is a growing interest in using fMRI to study distributed networks of interacting regions across the whole brain . However, the BOLD signal results from a coupling between neuronal activity and vascular responses . The dynamics, location, and magnitude of the BOLD signal are heavily influenced by the vasculature in each voxel; large vessel effects can cause delays of up to 4 sec relative to capillary effects .
Colorectal cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths, but currently available non invasive screening programs have achieved only a modest decrease in mortality. MicroRNAs  play important role in a wide array of biological processes and are commonly dysregulated in neoplasia. We aimed to evaluate the feasibility of fecal miRNAs as biomarkers for colorectal neoplasia screening .
Emerging research indicates that chemokines and their receptors are part of a signaling system within the CNS that is utilized for communication between cells of the CNS as well as between immune cells and cells of the CNS . Although a number of chemokines are expressed in the CNS, there is growing interest in the role of CXCL10, primarily driven by the higher expression of this chemokine in certain neuroinflammatory conditions and correlations between a high level of expression of CXCL10 and altered CNS function. For example, CXCL10 levels in the CSF are elevated in HIV infection, with higher levels in HIV infected individuals with neurologic disorders than in HIV infected individuals without neurological deficits .
The hypothalamic suprachiasmatic nucleus  receives direct synaptic input from the retina , and serves as the master circadian oscillator in the brain that keeps 24 hr time, and drives and orchestrates circadian rhythms throughout both the CNS and peripheral organ systems. A large number of neuroactive transmitters are found in the SCN , and many of these influence clock function. Within this context, cannabinoid receptor 1  axonal immunoreactivity has been reported in the medial hypothalamus, including the SCN .
A link between the Epstein Barr virus  and MS is supported by the increased risk of MS, in individuals with history of mononucleosis ,  or with elevated serum titers of antibodies against EBV nuclear antigens   , and by the higher prevalence of EBV infection in MS cases than controls. There are no longitudinal studies, however, estimating MS risk in EBV negative individuals or the temporal relation between EBV infection and MS. We therefore addressed these questions prospectively in a large population of healthy young adults  Active duty US Army, Navy, and Marines personnel who have at least one serum sample in the Department of Defense Serum Repository , which stores approximately 46 million serum samples originally collected from over 8 million individuals for HIV testing. , For each case, we obtained up to three pre clinical samples .
Colorectal cancer  is one of the most common fatal malignancies worldwide . CRC develops in about 5 percent of the adult population in the United States, and almost half of the affected individuals will die from this disease . While chronic inflammation may contribute to oncogenic mutagenesis through production of reactive oxygen and nitrogen species , experimental evidence suggests that it mainly acts as a tumor promoter rather than an initiator  .
Altered tissue stiffness through loss of tensional homeostasis is a hallmark of cancer. Malignant tumors have been typically associated with increased tissue rigidity relative to the normal host tissue, which may influence therapeutic response and promote metastasis  and invasiveness. Physical palpation exploits the differences in compliance between tumor and host tissue, and has provided an invaluable, yet limited, diagnostic tool for the detection of malignancies since before the origin of modern medicine .
The human regenerating  gene family encodes five small secreted and structurally unique proteins that share strong structural similarities to the proteins of the calcium dependent lectin  super family. Identified members of the human Reg gene family include Reg Iα, Reg Iβ, Reg IIIα, Reg IIIβ and Reg IV. These genes are constitutively expressed in normal gastrointestinal  mucosa.
The emergence of next generation sequencing technology, along with the development of the exome chip, has led many investigators to study the role of rare genetic variation in complex human traits. Rather than analyze rare variants individually, many statistical approaches for rare variant association mapping employ grouping strategies that aggregate rare variants in a gene or region for analysis to improve power. Family designs also can solve genetic problems that are hard to answer in population based studies.
The development of antigen specific effector T cells during the induction of immune responses must be tightly regulated to prevent excessive damage of tissues and organs. Recent studies have identified elimination of antigen presenting cells , including dendritic cells  and B cells, as an important mechanism restricting T cell mediated immune responses . Several have reported that APC elimination is mediated through apoptosis induced by CD4+ T cells reactive to antigen/class II MHC complexes presented by the DC .
Autophagy is an adaptive and essential cellular process that eliminates damaged or harmful cellular components . When optimally regulated, autophagy has been shown to be cardioprotective. Several physiologic pathways affect autophagy signaling and induction.
The term retrotrapezoid nucleus  was originally coined by  to describe a rostral extension of the ventrolateral medullary reticular formation containing neurons that innervate the solitary tract nucleus and more caudal regions of the ventrolateral medulla. The RTN lies below the facial motor nucleus and above a portion of the ventral medullary surface believed since the 1960s to contribute to respiratory chemoreception . For instance, the RTN contains neurons that are activated by CO2 in vivo  and the same region contains neurons that are activated by acidification in slices, including under conditions of reduced synaptic activity or action potential blockade .
One of the numerous deficits resulting from SCI is hyperreflexia and spasticity below the level of the lesion. The H reflex or Hoffman reflex has been used to quantify hyperreflexia , and several investigators have utilized frequency dependent depression of the H reflex to examine changes in spinal cord circuitry after SCI  Previously, we reported the time course that the animal with a complete transection  transitions to a state of hyperreflexia . The literature is limited when examining exercise paradigms that compare exercise during the acute vs chronic phases .
There is rapidly accumulating evidence in the field of complementary health practices that greater mindfulness can not only reduce stress and stress related medical symptoms, but can also enhance positive emotions and quality of life. Moreover, studies are beginning to show a relationship between  how much people practice meditation,  how much more mindful they become, and  the positive effects they experience in terms of mental and physical health. This brief, selective review presents some of the most recent scientific findings that demonstrate how practicing mindfulness meditation can impact the mind, the brain, the body, and behavior in ways that may promote whole person health .
Reverse engineering of cellular networks in prokaryotes and lower eukaryotes, as well as in mammals, has started to unravel the remarkable complexity of transcriptional programs. These programs, however, may change substantially as a function of the availability of proteins affecting their post translational modification, such as phosphorylation, acetylation and ubiquitination enzymes, as well as of those participating in transcription complexes , thus making cellular networks highly context dependent . Although the large scale reprogramming of the cell’s transcriptional logic was studied in yeast, , identification of a repertoire of genes that effect these events remains elusive.
Visual hallucinations  are a common and problematic behavior in dementia. , In the short term, VHs pose treatment challenges for clinicians because of the risks of prescribing neuroleptics to dementia patients, but more globally, these symptoms are also associated with rapid cognitive decline, early institutionalization, and high mortality. , Several clinico pathological studies have addressed the neuropathologic  features underlying VHs in dementia.
Glutamate receptors, including NMDARs, have profound effects on neuronal development. In both animal models and human subjects, NMDA receptor inhibition causes psychosis and cognitive impairments resembling symptoms of schizophrenia . NMDARs are composed of a common NR1 subunit assembled with NR2 or NR3 subunits to form a functional ion channel.
Rotavirus  is the principal etiological agent of severe gastroenteritis  in young children worldwide . Despite their preferential replication in the intestine, RV induces both an intestinal and systemic immune response, the latter most probably related to the antigenemia and viremia present in acutely infected children and animals . The RV serum IgA titer, measured shortly after natural infection or oral vaccination, is a relatively good correlate of protection .
Myriad changes in brain structure and function accompany aging even in health. Fewer studies have measured iron deposition in normal aging  or have examined functional correlates of regional iron deposition  . Care was taken to exclude cases with cerebrovascular and neuropsychiatric disorders to reduce the likelihood that measured iron was not reflective of hemoglobin iron, that is, from blood, suggestive of hemorrhagic stroke.
Within the central nervous system vasopressin  acts as a neuromodulator that can influence social behaviors, such as aggression, across species . Two Avp receptors mediate the central actions of Avp: the Avp 1a receptor  and the Avp 1b receptor . In hamsters, there is ample evidence that the Avpr1a is important for aggression .
Inter ethnic differences in focal segmental glomerulosclerosis  and steroid resistant nephrotic syndrome  have been found in pediatric patients in the USA . In one study, African American  children were shown to suffer from FSGS or SRNS with a higher prevalence and with more severe outcome  than Caucasian children . The ethnicities in these studies were derived by patient self identification.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States and acute myocardial infarction is the primary culprit. Because the amount of tissue destroyed during infarction is a major determinant of prognosis , protecting the ischemic myocardium remains an urgent, yet unmet, need. For example, in most studies published to date, animals have not been randomized, investigators have not been blinded, exclusion criteria and sample sizes have not been established a priori, and details of protocols  have not been thoroughly standardized.
Dietary fat is an important modifiable risk factor for hypertension. Interventions that reduce total fat intake can effectively lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure . Recent research further suggest that subtypes of fat with different molecular structure may have different effects on BP.
Synchronization of neocortical neuronal activity, particularly at gamma  frequencies, is related to cognitive functions such as working memory maintenance, attentional selection, sensory motor integration, and memory retrieval ), while disruption of oscillatory synchronization is associated with attention and cognition disorders, including schizophrenia, epilepsy, and ADHD ). However, the physiological and functional consequences of gamma activity for individual neurons remain unclear . The generation and transmission of these oscillations depends critically upon activity in networks of fast spiking inhibitory neurons ; reviewed in , which synapse on the perisomatic compartments of their targets .
RAG1 and RAG2 comprise the site specific endonuclease that creates DNA double strand breaks in the initial steps of VJ recombination. , There are two types of RSS  that are distinguished by the length of spacer sequence between the heptamer and nonamer. Second, the resulting 3′ hydroxyl group is activated to carry out a nucleophilic attack on the complementary strand of DNA, forming a DNA hairpin.
Arteriogenesis, which refers to the lumenal growth of the arterioles into larger arteries, has been primarily investigated using models of arterial insufficiency for skeletal muscle, brain,, and heart. In these models, the contribution of bone marrow derived cells  has been intensely studied and is now coming into focus. Monocytes, in particular, appear necessary for arteriogenesis.
Challenges in biomaterial design for tissue engineering applications include achieving material properties that match the tissue to be replaced as well as inducing biological responses for enhanced cell attachment, proliferation and/or differentiation . In the absence of any incorporated biological cues, the biological activity of a tissue engineering scaffold is indirectly determined by the physicochemical nature of the material. In particular, its physical properties, such as hydrophobicity, surface charge, topography, and stiffness may directly influence adsorption of adhesion proteins and subsequent cellular interactions .
Inflammatory substances, such as capsaicin, have been used experimentally to measure clinical pain dimensions of hyperalgesia and allodynia, characteristics of central sensitization . Capsaicin induced cutaneous sensitivity has been observed in a number of painful conditions, including post herpetic neuralgia , complex regional pain syndrome , fibromyalgia , rheumatoid arthritis , vulvodynia , unilateral sciatica , and multiple chemical sensitivity . These disorders may represent a common dysfunction in central processing of pain stimuli .
Fruits and vegetables contain a wide variety of potential cancer inhibitory nutrients and other phytochemicals. Substantial evidence has indicated a biological link between dietary constituents and carcinogenesis . Colorectal adenomas as established precursors of colorectal cancers have drawn research interest.
Risk stratification in acute heart failure syndromes  is problematic. A recent set of recommendations describes emergency department  patients with AHFS who do not fulfill high risk criteria and may be good candidates for observation unit  management. The goal of this analysis was to report on the outcomes experienced by ED patients with AHFS who do not have any of these high risk criteria .
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States. Tumors arise when control points regulating cell growth or death are compromised. Chemotherapeutic agents such as taxol interfere with cell division.
Charcot Marie Tooth disease , or hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy, is the most common human inherited neuromuscular disorder affecting specifically the peripheral nerves. There is no cure for any of these CMT phenotypes, posing substantial personal, social and economic burden. Notably, the known gene products do not represent a single functional category, but range from molecules regulating and establishing the myelin component of the peripheral nervous system  to ubiquitously expressed proteins.
Human monocytes and macrophages are essential cellular components of multiple physiological activities, including innate and adaptive immunity, tissue homeostasis and systemic metabolism. Macrophage functional phenotype is determined by patterns of gene expression, which are modulated by environmental cues . Key inducers of inflammatory responses include microbial products, TNF, and IFN γ, which activate inflammatory genes via NF κB, MAPK, and Jak STAT signaling pathways and IRF family transcription factors.
Motion artifact suppression is a major challenge in coronary magnetic resonance angiography . These approaches bear a number of limitations. In prospective ECG gating, the fixed trigger delay and acquisition window duration, determined visually from a cine pre scan, are not only reader dependent but can also become invalid should the heart rate of the subject changes significantly.
Synovial joints allow vertebrates to display a great range of motions by articulating bones with one another. They consist of multiple highly specialized tissues. In addition, the knee features shock absorbing menisci, cruciate ligaments, and space filler fat pads.
The importance of diagnostic testing in the management of infectious diseases was recently highlighted in the report of the Infectious Diseases Society of America’s  Diagnostics Task Force report: “Better Tests: Better Care: Improved Diagnostics for Infectious Diseases.” Similar sentiments are expressed in the report on Antibiotic Resistance Threats in the United States from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A number of new diagnostic technologies for infectious diseases  are rapidly emerging: e.g., broad range PCR, next generation sequencing and matrix assisted laser desorption/ionization time of flight  mass spectrometry. The reports from the IDSA and the CDC highlight deficiencies in current diagnostic methods, and call for approval and access to methods that are rapid, available at the point of care, use direct from specimen analysis and demonstrate high levels of sensitivity and specificity across a wide range of disease syndromes.
Resting heart rate  measured at hospital admission predicts mortality after acute myocardial infarction  However, during this initial phase, sinus tachycardia can accompany chest pain and/or stress and subside when adrenergic triggers are relieved. Thus, HR measured upon admission is quite dependent on the sympathetic activity and this risk indicator has not gained widespread clinical acceptance, possibly because of the circumstances under which it is measured. A similar risk of death is associated with elevated HR during hospital stay, but there is no study that ascertained HR after hospital dismissal during the first year of MI follow up.
Although the incidence of gastric cancer declined in the West from the 1940s to the 1980s, it remains a major public health problem throughout the world and the cause of 12% of all cancer related deaths each year . The aggressive nature of human gastric cancer is a result of a variety of intracellular events, including activation of various oncogenes, inactivation of tumor suppressor genes, and abnormal expression of growth factors and their receptors . However, the molecular mechanisms responsible for abnormal expression of many of these angiogenic factors in gastric cancer, including VEGF, remain unclear.
Human vision is functional over a wide range of light intensities by virtue of two light detection systems. All cones absorb photons over a wide range of wavelengths, but in human retina each type contains an opsin which makes it optimally sensitive to long , medium  or short  wavelength light so that the interaction of signals generated by these cones determines perceived color . In low level illumination, rod mediated vision comes into play.
Perceived discrimination—defined as “a behavioral manifestation of a negative attitude, judgment, or unfair treatment toward members of a group” —is a widely used concept in psychological research and has been studied in many different types of consequences. A general consensus on perceived discrimination in previous research is that it can be a chronic stressor regardless of the sources of discrimination , suggesting potential pathways linking to negative physical and mental health outcomes. One of the most widely used measures for perceived discrimination is the Everyday Discrimination Scale .
The prevalence of adult and childhood non alcoholic fatty liver disease  has increased markedly in conjunction with increasing prevalence of obesity. Lipogenesis is mediated by lipogenic transcription factor SREBP 1c  and its downstream lipogenic enzyme target, FAS . Fatty acid oxidation is facilitated by co activator, PGC 1α  and downstream transcription factor, HNF 4α .
Vaccines prepared from attenuated or heat inactivated viruses have been very successful in treating pathogens such as poliomyelitis , Variola major , and influenza . Activation of an innate immune response occurs by stimulation of pattern recognition receptors , such as toll like receptors  and the more recently identified NOD like receptors  . Imidazoquinolines  are synthetic FDA approved immunostimulants that have recently been successful in improving the efficacy of subunit vaccines .
Phospholipids are important constituents of cell membranes in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes. Many intracellular parasites can alter the membrane components of their hosts and exchange lipid moieties, allowing parasites to survive and multiply within the host cell. In Entamoeba and trichomonads, the major fatty acids in the cell resemble those found in serum and are, therefore, likely obtained from the growth medium  .
Parkinson’s disease , the most common neurodegenerative movement disorder in human, is caused due to the loss of dopaminergic neurons in the substancia nigra pars compacta  . Parkin and DJ 1 are known to stimulate and support the survival of existing dopaminergic neurons. Consistently, in PD, Parkin and DJ 1 have been suggested as rescuers of these vulnerable cells .
In bacteria, proteins are synthesized at the core of ribosome large subunit 50S at the peptidyl transferase center . After the first evidence from low resolution density maps from electron microscopy, and the monitoring of a nascent polypeptide emerging through an attached polypeptide conducting channel, the dynamics of the exit tunnel and the mechanism of nascent polypeptide secretion have been an important subject for the understanding of protein synthesis,  . However, any tertiary structure would seem not to fit due to simple geometrical restrictions, but the deformability of the tunnel is an important issue in this regard.
Williams syndrome  is a multisystem disorder caused by deletion of 26 contiguous genes on chromosome 7q11.23. Haploinsufficiency for the elastin gene in this region accounts for many of the signs and symptoms of the disorder, including the most significant cause of morbidity and mortality, supravalvar aortic stenosis . Elastin is a major component of elastic fibers that confer elasticity and recoil to several tissues.
The degree of major and minor histocompatibility antigen mismatch between donor and recipient in hematopoietic cell transplantation  is the most important risk factor for graft versus host disease . Immunocompetent donor T cells play an essential role in the pathogenesis of GVHD. GVHD can be prevented by graft T cell depletion but at the expense of a higher risk of graft rejection and relapse.
In eukaryotic cells, early steps in the secretory pathway involve the formation of vesicles that traffic the newly synthesized proteins from the ER to the Golgi apparatus . Several mechanisms of membrane remodeling rely on the interplay between proteins and membranes . A set of five cytosolic proteins  constitute the “coat protein II”  coat machinery that transports nascent proteins from the ER to the Golgi .
Simulation modeling and clinical trials offer different and complementary methods of exploring the relationship between a health care intervention and health outcomes. However, most clinical trials have a relatively short time horizon ; by extrapolating from the short term trial data, modeling can estimate the longer term consequences  of the intervention. Despite the importance of model calibration, there is no standard practice in the disease modeling literature for measuring the level of discrepancy between the model output and the calibration targets.
Repeated exposure to the same stress results in a process of adaptation; that is, a change in the response to the stressor which signals that the individual is making the necessary behavioural and physiological adjustments to cope with its demands . Altered gene expression in the brain in response to stress is now recognized as one indicator of this process. Repeated exposure modifies this pattern of gene expression: some areas  show slowly diminishing levels of response; in others, such as the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus , adaptation in IEG expression is more rapid and complete; .
Substantial evidence implicates EGF like growth factor activity in the regulation of cell migration, proliferation, survival and differentiation of normal and malignant epithelial cells . All EGFR ligands are synthesized as membrane bound precursors that require MP mediated proteolytic cleavage to produce the soluble, mature forms ). Ligand binding results in conformational changes of the extracellular receptor domains  initiating signaling mechanisms that regulate multiple cellular responses such as migration, proliferation, differentiation and survival  .
Alzheimer’s disease  is characterized by: widespread neurodegeneration throughout the association cortex, basal forebrain, hippocampus, and limbic system ; abnormal accumulation of amyloid β ; excess phosphorylation, misfolding, and aggregation of tau protein ; and increased microglial activation  and reactive astrogliosis . It is possible that modulating upstream mechanisms promoting the formation of pathological tau will be particularly effective; however, the search for small molecules capable of regulating such mechanisms remains at nascent stages. The p75 neurotrophin receptor  is one of the few receptors directly connected to multiple nodes of signaling networks that undergo abnormal modulation in AD .
In recent years, the health information environment has become increasingly crowded and complex. Individuals can access a wide range of channels of information spanning a broad range of topics related to health . In addition, health advocates have begun to encourage patients to take greater responsibility for their health and to increase their participation in the decision making process .
Muscle invasive bladder cancer treatment requires a radical cystectomy or chemotherapy with radiation protocol . Radical cystectomy has many quality of life implications. Treatment options for metastatic bladder cancers are extremely limited, with a 5 year survival rate of ∼6% and a median survival time of 12 to 20 months .
Most cancer patients with advanced tumors undergo combination pharmacotherapy. A challenge in treating these patients is predicting which individuals will respond to a specific therapy. Recent studies have demonstrated the potential that tumor response to chemotherapeutics can be predicted using multivariate Gene Expression based Models .
Hedgehog  proteins, which include Sonic hedgehog , Indian hedgehog, and Desert hedgehog, act as morphogens in multiple tissues during embryonic development . The role of Shh in vasculogenesis has been documented in a variety of contexts. Hypervascularization of the neuroectoderm has been observed after transgenic overexpression of Shh in the dorsal neural tube of mouse embryos , Shh deficient zebrafish exhibit disorganized endothelial precursors and are unable to form the dorsal aorta or axial vein , and the developing lungs of Shh deficient mice lack proper vascularization  .
Biliverdin reductase A is an evolutionarily conserved enzyme  that catalyzes the reduction of biliverdin IXa, the product of the catalytic activity of the heme oxygenase  enzymes: HO 1 & HO 2, to the quencher of free radicals, bilirubin . The second form, BVR B is predominantly expressed in fetal tissue . The human protein is a 296 residue, soluble protein  that in the past was known to be localized only in the cytoplasm and recognized only for its reductase capacity.
Clostridium difficile is a gram positive, anaerobic, spore forming bacterium and a major cause of antibiotic associated diarrhea in many countries worldwide . C. difficile illness  has reached epidemic proportions in several countries since the year 2000, and emerging hypervirulent strains are causing increased morbidity and mortality among patients. One group of these hypervirulent strains has been characterized as ribotype 027, restriction enzyme analysis type BI, North American Pulsed Field Type 1 .
Abnormalities in brain white matter  have been detected and characterized using preferentially T2 weighted magnetic resonance imaging  sequences, which generally detect a prolongation of T2 relaxation as the proportion of unbound water in WM lesions  increases . Furthermore, T2 weighting has been combined with fluid attenuation inversion recovery  to better separate the signal of tissue from that of free water such as in the cerebrospinal fluid  . Previous studies have indicated that incidental hyperintensities of deep and subcortical WM in FLAIR images are associated with, for example, aging , multiple sclerosis , cardiovascular disease , diabetes , cognitive impairment , stroke , AIDS , schizophrenia , bipolar disorder , and brain injury .
Cancer is one of the leading causes of death among women worldwide. For cancers of the breast, cervix, and colon , regular screening can reduce mortality. Unfortunately, screening participation is variable,, even in health systems with adequate resources.
While various clinical and experimental immunosuppressive therapies promote the acceptance of transplanted organs, it is intuitive that graft acceptance is likely achieved by distinct immunologic mechanisms depending upon the therapy. A better understanding of immune parameters responsible for maintaining various forms of graft acceptance would facilitate the development of strategies aimed at achieving vigorous and non reversible transplant acceptance . For example, we have previously reported that inductive therapy with either anti CD4  or anti CD40L  mAb markedly prolongs cardiac allograft survival.
Repetitive behaviors constitute one of the three core domains of symptoms required for autism spectrum diagnoses. There is lower consensus about how early repetitive and stereotyped behaviors are present. The goal of the present study was to examine whether the manner in which infants explore objects at 12 months of age differs in children later diagnosed with autism or ASD .
Vibrio fischeri is a model for investigations of bioluminescence and mutualistic symbioses, two fields connected by the importance of oxygen. Luminescence emanating from bacteria colonizing the symbiotic light organ of the host indicates that O2 is present; however, evidence suggests that luciferase is O2 limited in this environment  despite its high affinity  for O2 . Moreover, anaerobic respiration is apparently induced in symbiotic V. fischeri , consistent with the idea that  is low in the light organ .
We recently discovered a novel phenomenon that drives an active contribution of vascular endothelial cells to peripheral pain mechanisms . Stimulus dependent hyperalgesia is distinct from the direct hyperalgesic effect of ET 1 and epinephrine mediated by their cognate receptors on the peripheral terminals of the nociceptor . The discovery of the role of vascular endothelial cells in stimulus dependent hyperalgesia was made possible by adaptation of a method from the cardiovascular and renal vascular literature using the intravenous administration of octoxynol 9 to attenuate endothelial cell function .
For health outcome domains such as fatigue, pain, physical functioning, and emotional functioning there exist numerous instruments purporting to measure the same or similar constructs. The use of different measures in different studies produces results that are difficult to compare and restrict generalizability across studies. Multiple short forms that target particular measurement settings, goals, and demands can be developed while producing scores on a common mathematical metric.
The pace of research and development in nanotechnology has generated a large number of unique materials with potential application in many fields, including medicine. Like other laboratories, we approach the assessment of potential unwanted bioactivity of NPs through the use of in vitro systems. This approach can assist in defining conditions of exposure as well as relevant signals of cellular response.
In the decades since chronic illnesses replaced infectious diseases as the leading causes of death, public health researchers have shifted their focus from the individual to the community in recognition that community level changes will foster and sustain behavior change. The prior emphasis on individual lifestyle change has been broadened to include social and environmental factors, often without increased resources . Recommendations from this panel included promoting community based participatory research, surveillance, training and capacity building .
The organization of ion channels within specific subcellular domains along myelinated axons is essential for proper nerve conduction. Specialized axo glial septate like junctions, formed between the glial paranodal loops and the underlying axolemma, mediate the segregation of ion channels within myelinated axons . Genetic ablation of the genes encoding these proteins in mice results in loss of axo glial junctions, ion channel disorganization, impaired nerve conduction, and ultimately axonal degeneration .
The Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Family Study  is a multi center, family based study with the goal of identifying genetic components underlying quantitative measures of adiposity and glucose homeostasis. An initial linkage scan and subsequent fine mapping revealed suggestive evidence of linkage of Body Mass Index , Visceral Adipose Tissue , and waist circumference  to a ~40cM interval  on chromosome 17q2417q25 in the Hispanic cohort . Though VAT was consistently the trait with the greatest evidence of linkage on chromosome 17q, VAT and WAIST showed greatly diminished LOD scores following adjustment for BMI , consistent with the linked locus/loci contributing to overall adiposity rather than VAT specifically.
Electrophilic fluorination under mild conditions allows the introduction of the positron emitting isotope fluorine 18 into molecules. However, this synthetic method is rarely used due to the nature of fluorine gas. Unlike other halogens, fluorine usually reacts with complex organic molecules in a non specific way, completely destroying the target precursor.
Memory is central to our cognitive lives, enabling us to discriminate novel people, places, and things from stimuli that are familiar due to previous experience. For example, neuropsychological data demonstrate that MTL lesions impair novelty detection , and numerous neuroimaging studies in humans indicate that functional activation in MTL structures is greater when encountering novel relative to repeated stimuli , with the magnitude of the MTL novelty response correlating with subsequent memory outcome  . For example, perirhinal cortex and parahippocampal cortex receive inputs from unimodal and polymodal association cortices in the lateral temporal, frontal, and parietal lobes via distinct pathways .
Cannabinoid receptors and their ligands constitute an endogenous signaling system that is found throughout the body, and is particularly prominent in the nervous system . It is this system that is activated by exogenous cannabinoids such as Δ9 tetrahydrocannabinol . Significant strides have been made to advance our understanding of the cannabinoid signaling system since the identification of the two known cannabinoid receptors 1 and 2  CB1 and CB2 .
Voltage gated Ca2+ channels  shape electrical signals in excitable cells and generate a ubiquitous and essential chemical signal, Ca2+ ion. The voltage dependence of Gβγ inhibition thus stems mainly from the voltage dependent unbinding of Gβγ. The molecular and biophysical mechanisms underlying this dissociation remain largely unclear .
Myocardial infarction  leads to an irreversible loss of cardiomyocytes with expansion and remodeling of the extracellular matrix  and scar formation. Recent reports have proposed that a population of post mitotic cardiomyocytes, if exposed to the proper environment, may be capable of proliferation. The trigger that drives this small percentage of cells to proliferate has not yet been determined.
Melioidosis is a community acquired infection frequent in SouthEast Asia and Northern Australia . The symptoms of infection are diverse, often resembling tuberculosis or cancer. Consequently, the disease is likely to be often misdiagnosed .
Leukemia is the most common cancer type in children, with 5,000 new cases expected in the US in 2012 . The most common type of childhood leukemia is acute lymphoblastic leukemia , which accounts for 78% of cases in childhood, followed by acute myeloid leukemia  which makes up 16% of childhood leukemias . Established causes of childhood leukemia including genetic predisposition, ionizing radiation, and chemotherapeutic agents are estimated to explain < 10% of cases, leaving the majority of cases with an unresolved etiology  .
Evidence from a variety of sources suggests that the language processing system includes at least some components that discriminate between nouns and verbs at the cortical level. It may be that these various patterns are associated with functional impairments at different stages of word production, all of which lead to a behavioral dissociation in producing nouns and verbs . Careful neuropsychological studies offer some support for this postulate.
Complex atypical hyperplasia is a benign condition of the endometrium characterized by an increased gland/stroma ratio, abnormal glandular architecture, and nuclear atypia. This abnormality may progress to or co exist with endometrial cancer. In the United States, the incidence of endometrial cancer is 23 cases per 100,000 women per year, whereas the incidence of complex atypical hyperplasia is 17 cases per 100,000 women per year.
The relationship between oral contraceptive  use and breast cancer risk has been extensively studied, yet the composition and patterns of OC use have evolved considerably over time and more recent formulations have received relatively little scrutiny. Notably, there have been changes in OC formulations since they were introduced in the United States  in the 1960s, including decreased estrogen doses, the addition of new synthetic progestins, and the approval of extended cycle OCs . Given that OCs are the leading contraceptive method in the U.S. , ongoing evaluation of their benefits and harms is of critical public health importance .
In registration trials, triple therapy with telaprevir , pegylated interferon , and ribavirin  achieved sustained virological response  rates between 6475%, but the clinical effectiveness and economic burdens of this treatment in real world practice remain to be determined . Records of 147 patients who initiated TVR based triple therapy at the Mount Sinai Medical Center  were reviewed. Direct medical costs for pre treatment, on treatment, and post treatment care were calculated using data from Medicare reimbursement databases, RED Book, and Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project database.
The incidence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease  is increasing dramatically in the United States and developed countries . It is estimated that 25%30% of adults in the United States have NAFLD  and that NAFLD accounts for 39% of newly diagnosed cases of chronic liver disease . More importantly, NAFLD is considered to be a major risk factor for the development of other chronic liver diseases, such as fibrosis, cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma .
Cellular components in biological tissue have different refractive indices that contribute to light scattering, which limits the photon density delivered to subsurface target chromophores . first reported optical tissue clearing by glycerol, HCAs have been frequently utilized as an effective method to reduce light scattering of tissue and, therefore, improve optical tissue clearing. HCAs have been shown to induce optical tissue clearing by skin dehydration and collagen dissociation or a combination thereof .
In 2002, findings of the ALLHAT Study , reinforced by the Seventh Report of the Joint National Committee on Prevention, Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure  , provided a simplified, effective algorithm for initiating and advancing therapy in most newly recognized patients with hypertension. Monitoring and public reporting of blood pressure control for patients with hypertension in commercial and Medicare patients also helped to enhance health plan and physician awareness of blood pressure control. Between 1999 and 2004, blood pressure control improved in U.S. adults with hypertension.
Phenotypic differences between strains of mice are commonly ascribed as being related to differences in genetic background, or more specifically to differences between strains in the nucleotide sequence of genes . However, it has long been acknowledged that variations in environmental conditions also lead to alterations in strain specific behavior . The mechanisms through which these environmental experiences are able to alter gene expression during development and hence adult phenotype are increasingly being explored in rodent models.
Specific interactions between small molecules and protein receptors are of crucial physiological and pharmacological importance. Additionally, the pre determined receptor conformational ensemble may not capture receptor conformational changes upon binding to novel ligands. Such a limitation could be avoided if we model the flexibility of both ligand and receptor simultaneously .
The goal of treatment of malignancies is containment of tumor growth either by prompt killing of the targeted tumor cells or by elimination of their reproductive potential. Apoptosis is frequently the mode of cell death upon treatment with most antitumor modalities. Though cells in certain malignancies, particularly leukemias, are prone to undergo apoptosis, in many solid tumors the mechanism of treatment induced suppression of growth relies on irreversible impairment of cell reproductive capacity, which is often defined as “senescence like growth arrest”, “accelerated senescence”, “premature senescence” or “drug , or radiation  induced senescence”.
Infiltrating ductal carcinoma  is the most commonly diagnosed breast cancer in women , with African American women more likely to be diagnosed with larger and later stage tumors . However, the mechanism associated with hypermethylation related silencing of E cadherin is not elucidated . In other models, Kaiso regulated genes associated with EMT, including E cadherin , Wnt 11 , and matrilysin .
The molybdopterin  lies at the heart of more than fifty enzymes that catalyse important chemical transformations in all forms of life. These reactions play important roles in global cycling of C, S, N, As and Se to prodrug metabolism. The molybdopterin itself is a metal chelating ligand, that is known to bind molybdenum as well as tungsten in biology.
Hypoxia inducible factor 1  is a transcription factor that mediates adaptive responses to hypoxia. First identified in studies of erythropoietin gene expression , HIF 1 was subsequently shown to regulate oxygen homeostasis at both the cellular and systemic levels . HIF 1 is a heterodimer composed of HIF 1α and HIF 1β subunits .
Numerous pharmacological or behavioral interventions to manage symptoms experienced by cancer patients during treatment have been designed and tested. First, it is argued that symptoms are ephemeral lasting from hours to weeks. Symptoms reported when patients are screened for entry into a trial may be present but at less severe levels or not present at all when patients begin the trial and patients may no longer perceive a need to participate or may be experiencing different symptoms from those that are the focus of the intervention.
The novel interleukin IL23 was identified as recently as 2000. IL23 is a heterodimer cytokine composed of a p40 subunit  and the unique p19 subunit encoded by the IL23 gene. Recent genetic findings have confirmed previous immunological data that have implicated the IL23/IL17 pathway in inflammatory bowel disease  pathogenesis.
In the United States, the rate of obesity is steadily rising. Among women of child bearing age, approximately 64% are overweight and 35% are obese. Maternal obesity is a predictor of adverse health conditions in pregnancy; such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, inflammation and increased risk for maternal death.
Due to lack of good in vitro models, our understanding of development and stem cell biology of the human lung remains limited. Important aspects of human lung development, repair and regeneration have been studied through the use of mouse models . Clara cells  are found throughout the murine airways but are enriched only in the distal bronchioles of the human lung .
At the 20th Annual Meeting of the International Neuropsychological Society in February of 1992, Arthur Benton delivered the Herbert Birch Memorial Lecture, in which he reprised the highlights of developments in clinical neuropsychology from 1960 to 1990. The idea that we speak with the left hemisphere was firmly established. The work by Hécaen and Zangwill showed conclusively that right hemisphere damage led to defects in visuospatial and visuoconstructional abilities .
Recently, a Multidimensional Prognostic Index  for 1 year mortality derived from data collected in a standardized Comprehensive Geriatric Assessment  was developed and validated in two independent cohorts of older patients hospitalized for acute diseases or relapse of a chronic disease. The strong prognostic value for mortality suggests that the MPI captures a critical dimension of increased susceptibility to disease and impairment that characterizes many frail older persons. It has been suggested that some individuals are genetically predisposed to develop strong disease susceptibility earlier in life than others.
mRNA localization is a widespread mechanism used to achieve intracellular polarity in diverse cellular and developmental contexts. Over 1500 transcripts are localized to multiple distinct subcellular locations in the early Drosophila embryo alone, representing approximately 70% of all mRNAs expressed at this time . All four are maternal mRNAs that are synthesized by the ovarian nurse cells, then transported into the oocyte through connecting cytoplasmic channels.
Phytoplasmas are small, wall less mollicutes causing more than 700 diseases in hundreds of plant species. Within this group all confirmed natural BN vectors are planthoppers belonging to the family Cixiidae . C. arvensis and U. dioica are among other plant species known as hosts for nymphs and adults of H. obsoletus  from which they take up the phytoplasmas.
The ability to perform more than one task at a time is essential for older adults to maintain functional independence. Walking in home and local neighborhoods often involves simultaneous activities of upper limbs such as carrying bags. Deterioration of gait has been reported when walking while performing concurrent upper limb tasks such as buttoning  or carrying an object in older adults .
Pyramidal neurons are abundant in brain regions associated with complex cognitive functions, including the cortex, hippocampus, and the amygdala. In general, pyramidal neurons have a dendritic tree that is divided into two domains  the apical dendrite, which extends towards the pial surface, and basal dendrites, which emerge from the base of the cell body. The majority of synapses received by neocortical pyramidal neurons form on the basal dendrites.
Approximately 30,000 American men lose their lives due to prostate cancer every year . Evidence from in vitro studies supports a dynamic contribution of androgen receptor  cross talk with transforming growth factor β  signaling towards the emergence of androgen resistant prostate cancer . AR overexpression is an effective way of hormone refractory prostate tumors to overcome the growth inhibition effects of elevated serum TGF β levels, even in the absence of DHT  .
Autoimmunity represents a collection of over 80 heterogeneous disorders often controlled by complex genetic and environmental factors. The pathogenesis is thought to result from a breakdown in the mechanisms controlling central and/or peripheral tolerance, which ultimately culminates in autoimmune disease. Thus, the path to effective therapies likely requires an understanding of the mechanisms that underlie the breakdown of tolerance normally maintained by regulatory T  cells.
Racial and ethnic disparity in the survival of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma  has been well documented. In the year 2000, mortality rates for oral cancer for African American men were 85% higher than for white men. Three causes of the racial and ethnic disparity for HNSCCA have been suggested.
CD30, a member of the tumour necrosis factor receptor superfamily, has been the subject of much investigation because of its greatly elevated expression in several types of leukaemia and lymphoma cells, including anaplastic large cell lymphoma  and Hodgkin’s lymphoma  . Two major NF κB pathways have been described both of which are activated in response to CD30 stimulation . In addition, several members of the IAP family, including the cellular IAP proteins , contain a carboxy terminal RING domain that possesses E3 ubiquitin ligase activity .
Patients with end stage cirrhotic liver disease are known to exhibit unique abnormalities in cardiovascular physiology, known collectively as “cirrhotic cardiomyopathy”  . Presence of CC has been shown to peri operative outcomes in adults and children . Liver transplantation, alone has so far been shown to reverse some of the features of cardiac dysfunction , but the degree to which CC is reversible is unknown .
“I get by with a little help from my friends” goes the well known Beatles lyric, and indeed there is strong evidence that social support is protective of health  while social isolation is associated with adverse health outcomes . Though some evidence suggests that social relationships are directly positive for health and well being , other research finds that social relationships can also be associated with negative health risk behaviors . Evidence also suggests that social support may buffer the harmful effects of stress from serious or chronic health conditions  .
Supraspinal modulation of the excitability of spinal nociceptive networks plays a key role in the perception and reaction to pain . The rostral ventral medulla , of the brainstem comprises several nuclei which send descending projections to the spinal cord that modulate nociception . Little is known about the role of descending brainstem controls in young animals.
  This was a prospective cohort study, which enrolled a convenience sample of ED patients presenting with AF. Primary outcome was occurrence of ≥1 AF related adverse outcome  within 30 days. This validation study was performed at the same institution where the RED AF decision aid was derived.
Differences in the built environment—which refers to the physical features of geographic areas— may have particular relevance to disability. Although there is growing evidence supporting the association between the neighborhood built environment and late life disability , the link between the built environment and disability experiences among other segments of this diverse population are unknown. The purpose of this study is to explore the relationship between the built characteristics of communities and neighborhoods and participation among young and middle age adults with acquired, chronic, physical impairment .
The appropriate patterning, morphogenesis and integration of the gnathostome skull are achieved via an exquisitely positioned and timed cross talk between the embryonic cephalic epithelia and the subjacent mesenchyme. The lambdoidal junction , formed where the maxillary division of the first branchial arch  meets the medial  and lateral  frontonasal processes, exemplifies a morphologically and molecularly intricate epithelial mesenchymal craniofacial interface . Outside of enamel producing ameloblasts, cephalic epithelia don’t yield cranial skeletal structures: the importance of these epithelial cells to cranial skeletal morphology and evolution thus largely lies in their influences on the mesenchyme, much of it cranial neural crest  in origin.
Carboplatin  0,0' ] platinum) is one of the platinum agents with enhanced anti tumor activity and reduced side effects in comparison with cisplatin . guinea pigs , rabbits , monkeys , mice , and zebrafish . The ototoxic effects of carboplatin have been observed vary significantly across these species.
Leukocytes are immune cells involved in host defense. To reach sites of inflammation, leukocytes roll along the vascular endothelium  by a series of molecular bonds between the leukocyte and the endothelium that rapidly form and dissociate. Most leukocyte rolling is mediated by PSGL 1 binding to P selectin  expressed on the inflammation activated endothelium .
Sensitive biomolecule detection assays with streamlined workflows are crucial for measurement of low concentration clinical analytes and for precise characterization of biological systems. Since a single target binding event is reported by the enzymatic turnover of several substrate molecules, the strategy provides signal amplification. Recent studies have however been successful in further amplifying net signal and gaining up to three orders of magnitude increase in assay sensitivity by shrinking the reaction volume to concentrate the reaction products.
HIV 1 infection elicits host immune responses that include dysregulation of regulatory pathways for cytokine expression that are characterized by decreased production of pro inflammatory cytokines including IL 12 and IFN γ and increased expression of the anti inflammatory cytokine IL 10, the latter of which has been identified as a factor responsible for impaired innate and T helper type 1  responses in AIDS patients . Innate immunity provides the initial host protective response to infectious danger. Stimulation of TLRs on DC results in secretion of pro inflammatory cytokines and increases effector functions such as phagocytosis and the ability to present antigen to T cells.
Pancreatic cancer is a rapidly progressing disorder that is often diagnosed at an advanced, non resectable stage and it is highly resistant to chemotherapy. Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma is believed to result from the accumulation of several genetic mutations, including Kras, p16, p53, SMAD4, and BRCA2 , and may arise from precursor lesions called pancreatic intraepithelial neoplasias . Therefore there is clearly a need for pancreatic cancer chemoprevention and there appears to be an adequate window of opportunity to improve on the dismal survival of this disease through the development of effective chemoprevention strategies aimed at prevention of the primary tumor or the development of metastases  .
Estrogens have multiple effects on the brain and impact selective aspects of cognitive function in animal models and humans . For example, estradiol replacement typically affect tasks of verbal fluency, verbal memory and working memory in menopausal women . Thus, predominant activation of one or the other receptor may elicit different cognitive responses .
The gut mucosa is an important site of early SIV and HIV pathogenesis. The majority of CD4+ T cells in the gut express CCR5, the co receptor for HIV, and exhibit an activated, memory phenotype presumably due to constant exposure to dietary and bacterial antigens . The degree to which the CD4+ T cell population in the gut can be reconstituted with antiretroviral therapy is still unclear.
Chronic idiopathic patellofemoral  pain affects 1417% of the young active population  and is typically exacerbated by activities such as stair ascent/descent, prolonged sitting with flexed knees, jumping, and open chain extension exercises . The Q angle  is often used, in conjunction with several other common clinical measures , to identify contributing factors to PF pain/instability , guide rehabilitation, and plan surgical interventions . However, this measure has been subject to substantial controversy over its clinical utility , reliability , and relationship to PF kinematics .
In 2008, 63% of deaths were due to non communicable diseases  . Smoking and physical inactivity are the two primary risk factors for NCDs, with each contributing to about 5 million deaths annually . Reducing physical inactivity has and will continue to be a public health priority to reduce NCDs and the associated burden.
Psoriasis is a chronic, relapsing autoimmune disorder that affects 2 3% of the population and manifests as lesions of the skin with scaling and redness . Therapeutic approaches directed at blocking some of these inflammatory mediators have proven effective in reducing patients’ symptoms. Further, IL 22 plays a critical role in the maintenance of normal barrier homeostasis and psoriatic patients have elevated serum levels of IL 22, contributing to barrier disruption .
Amphipols  are polymeric surfactants that maintain membrane proteins  water soluble in the absence of detergent, while stabilizing them . Their physicalchemical properties make them as promising vehicles for the delivery of MPs, or, possibly, other therapeutic agents, such as hydrophobic membrane targeting peptides . Previous studies have shown that A835, a polyacrylate based APol , is not toxic when added to cell cultures at a concentration sufficient to deliver MPs to their plasma membrane , or when injected to mice at doses sufficient to formulate a vaccine .
Extracellular serotonin  in brain is regulated in part by the presynaptic serotonin reuptake transporter . They also demonstrate increased anxiety and depression like behaviors and reduced aggressiveness on various tests  . Reduced serotonergic function in 5 HTT+/− and 5 HTT−/− mice is thought to be comparable to reduced serotonergic function in humans who carry one or two short  compared with long  alleles of the promoter region polymorphism of 5 HTT , or who express rs25531 or rs25532 variants of the 5 HTT allele .
Metabolic syndrome , a clustering of obesity, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, and elevated blood pressure, is occurring with epidemic frequency in westernized countries. The prevalence of MetS falls between 20%30% with higher values in African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and females. Studies have shown that as compared to healthy individuals, MetS patients have higher odds of developing cardiovascular disease  ranging from 1.26 to 3.86, depending on the study population and MetS definitions applied.
Desmosomes are cellcell adhesion structures  that are particularly abundant in tissues and organs that have to withstand significant mechanical stress, such as skin and heart. The functions of desmosomes are not restricted to maintaining tissue integrity. The basic building blocks of desmosomes belong to three protein families: the desmosomal cadherins , plakins  and armadillo proteins .
Ovarian cancer is the number one cause of death of the gynecological cancers. It is expected that there will be 21 650 incidences of ovarian cancer in the United States with 15 520 deaths. The epidermal growth factor receptor  has been found to be able to translocate to the nucleus upon stimulation with epidermal growth factor  .
Extensive research has provided important insights into the unique motivational state of the female mammal. In rats, as well as virtually every other mammalian species, the female expresses remarkable motivation to seek out and interact with unique natural stimuli, such as offspring, during her natural lifecycle . Both cocaine and cocaine seeking behavior can rapidly alter VTA activity  and transiently increase accumbal dopamine  via VTA dependent mechanisms .
In the last few years, several susceptibility genes for schizophrenia have been identified by positional cloning. Candidate gene studies have been proceeding simultaneously. However, possibly in part because they began at a time in which few genetic variants per gene were known, they have tended to test relatively few polymorphisms per gene.
Despite great increase in understanding of cancer at molecular level, cancer remains as the second most common cause of death in the U.S. Survival rates for many common cancer types have changed little over the past two decades . For this reason, improvements in ability to detect cancer early may significantly reduce mortality from cancer.
Hepatic fibrosis results from many chronic liver diseases, including hepatitis B and C, autoimmune hepatitis, alcoholic liver disease and non alcoholic steatohepatitis  . Hepatic stellate cells  are the principal liver cells that promote hepatic fibrosis, . Cirrhosis, the end stage of hepatic fibrosis, may result in hepatic dysfunction, portal hypertension and hepatocellular carcinoma ,.
Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers in men in the United States, with 186,320 new cases estimated in 2008, and one of the leading causes of cancer death among males, with approximately 28,660 deaths estimated in 2008 . In the last few years, immunotherapy employing several different prostate cancer vaccines has shown promising evidence of clinical benefit in various patient populations . Tissue specific antigens, which are expressed in both normal prostate and prostate cancer cells, can be targeted for prostate cancer specific immunotherapy .
The acquisition time for whole brain magnetic resonance imaging  data is limited by the time required to traverse the k space. The quest for higher temporal resolution in fMRI has been motivated by its potential to detect and to suppress physiological fluctuations in order to increase the sensitivity of detecting brain activity . This can be achieved by using partial k space sampling , compressed sensing , or exploiting a priori information , such as key hole imaging  and singular value decomposition MRI .
Prognostic factors related to the clinical outcome following traumatic brain injury  include lesion type, level of consciousness and the extent of associated systemic injuries. Additionally, age has long been recognized as a critical prognostic factor when predicting outcome . Although elderly patients may gradually regain some of their lost abilities following TBI, the functional recovery is usually incomplete and unsatisfactory since the adult brain loses much of the capacity for plasticity and repair as it ages  .
Fibrotic disorders, including systemic sclerosis  and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis , are characterized by excessive deposition of extracellular matrix  components such as collagen and fibronectin . Activated fibroblasts are a primary source of ECM in fibrotic tissues . Cav 1 was recently implicated in fibrosis.
Individual differences in body weight regulation are partially determined by genetic factors . Nevertheless, a detailed account of the hereditary effects on adiposity has been elusive to date, in part because a large number of genes that may each play a minor role . Furthermore, genetic influences are likely to interact with environmental effects, such as diet and lifestyle.
The endoplasmic reticulum  is one of the largest cellular organelles, its membranes representing as much as half of the total membranes of the cell. An essential function of the ER is the proper assembly of proteins that are ultimately destined for intracellular organelles and the cell surface . Cellular perturbations such as loss of the luminal oxidizing environment, imbalance in calcium homeostasis and aberrant N linked glycosylation can disrupt ER homeostasis and lead to the accumulation of unfolded proteins and protein aggregates in the ER lumen.
The management of sarcomas of the head and neck remains a challenge in the field of head and neck oncology. As sarcomas comprise less than 1% of all head and neck malignancies , there are no prospective, randomized controlled trials to guide management. Sarcomas are malignancies that arise from transformed cells of mesenchymal origin.
The most common cause of premenopausal, chronic intercourse pain  is localized provoked vulvodynia . LPV exacts a severe psychosexual and interpersonal toll. The pathogenesis of LPV is unknown, resulting in a disarray of disease classification and a lack of mechanism specific therapy.
Autism spectrum disorders  are developmental disabilities resulting from dysfunction in the central nervous system and are characterized by impairments in three behavioral areas: communication , social interactions, and repetitive behaviors or restricted interests . ASD usually manifest before three years of age and the severity can vary greatly. Familial studies provide evidence that individuals closely related to an autistic individual  may have “autistic tendencies” but do not meet criterion for ASD, suggesting that a broad autism phenotype  may also exist  .
Heroin addiction is a chronic, relapsing brain disease that is characterized by drug dependence, tolerance and compulsive seeking and use despite harmful consequences. This complex disorder is a worldwide major public health problem. The relatively high heritability  of this disorder  indicates that genetic variants may play a role in vulnerability to its development.
Retinal degenerative diseases, such as age related macular degeneration and retinitis pigmentosa, lead to blindness due to the loss of photoreceptors . Recent clinical trials of epiretinal electronic implants  in patients blinded by retinitis pigmentosa demonstrated equivalent visual acuity up to 20/1260 in the most successful patient, leading to clinical approval in US and Europe. Therefore, direct RGC stimulation may allow precise mimicking of RGC bursts characteristic to normal vision , so long as the network response is avoided.
A variation in bone response to fluoride  exposure has been attributed to genetic factors. Increasing fluoride doses  for three inbred mouse strains with different susceptibilities to developing dental enamel fluorosis  had different effects on their cortical and trabecular bone mechanical properties. In this paper, the structural and material properties of the bone were evaluated to explain the previously observed changes in mechanical properties .
Systemic lupus erythematosus  is an autoimmune disease with varied clinical presentations. SLE accounts for up to 10% of patients with pediatric rheumatic diseases with an estimated prevalence of between 5,000 and 10,000 children in the United States . In adults, the prevalence of SLE is estimated at 20 to 150 cases per 100,000, with the prevalence in African American women 2.5  to 3 fold higher than in Caucasian women  .
Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder  caused by prenatal ethanol exposure is the most frequent preventable birth defect syndrome . FASD prevalence ranges from 0.3 to 5% within most populations, reaching as high as 8.9% in some low socioeconomic populations . Experiments using mice showed that in utero ethanol exposure induced specific defects in rod photoreceptor sensitivity and dark adaptation .
Injury to the recurrent laryngeal nerve  or vagal nerve causing unilateral vocal fold paralysis  is most commonly due to surgery of the head and neck, skull base, or thoracic cavity. However, multiple technical modifications and implants of varying shapes and sizes have been proposed. Proper positioning in the paraglottic space is a known requirement and the limitations of thyroplasty implant in closing the posterior glottis have been discussed.
Mitogen activated protein kinase  kinase 4  is a component of stress activated MAPK signaling modules . It can activate by phosphorylation the c Jun N terminal protein kinase  and p38 families of MAPKs in response to various stimuli. However, our previous studies have provided genetic evidence that MKK4 is mostly required for JNK activation in vivo , although MKK4 was shown to contribute to p38 stimulation in cells where both MKK3 and MKK6 have been removed  .
The ability of proteins to bind preferentially to specific DNA sequences depends on a variety of readout mechanisms involving both the recognition of hydrogen bonding and hydrophobic groups on different bases  and shape readout . The latter category includes sequence dependent deformability , intrinsic bending  and both global and local conformational variability . We have recently identified an additional shape readout mechanism involving sequence dependent variations in minor groove width that is often associated with A tract sequences .
The goal of genetic studies is to unravel the genetic basis of a phenotype. Therefore, it is important to obtain reliable heritability estimates. For a continuous phenotype of interest, the observed trait value can be partitioned into variance components that reflect unobserved genetic and environmental factors .
Since the discovery of leptin as a major anorexic adipokine that acts on the hypothalamus to reduce food intake, most neuroscientists have focused on the neuronal functions of the leptin system. Unexpectedly, in both C57 male mice fed a high fat diet  and mice with a genetic predisposition to obesity resulting from the agouti viable yellow  mutation , there is robust upregulation of leptin receptor  immunoreactivity in glial fibrillary acidic protein   astrocytes in the hypothalamus. Adult onset obesity is associated with hyperleptinemia and partial saturation of leptin transport across the blood brain barrier  .
Dorsal root ganglia  contain diverse subpopulations of primary sensory neurons that transduce and encode a variety of stimuli that impact an array of unique tissue types. These distinct electrophysiological properties reflect the differential distribution of ion channels  . Large conductance voltage dependent and Ca2+ modulated K+  channels are key regulators of cellular excitability .
Binaural processing of acoustic signals is essential for localizing sound and extracting signals in a noisy environment. Low frequency sounds are localized by interaural differences in the arrival times of sound created by a spatial separation of the ears . In the avian auditory brainstem, a modified Jeffress model is represented by nucleus magnocellularis  and nucleus laminaris .
In the human brain, objects are represented in a large swath of ventral temporal and lateral occipital cortex that responds more strongly to object stimuli than to their scrambled counterparts . Initially, it was thought that this substantial part of visual cortex had no further functional organization other than containing a small number of modules that appear to preferentially process information regarding specific biologically relevant object categories such as faces , places , and bodies . This notion was later revised by Malach and colleagues who found evidence for a systematic representation of eccentricity in ventral visual cortex with medial regions such as parahippocampal cortex representing peripheral eccentricities and lateral regions such as lateral occipital cortex representing foveal eccentricities .
Antiretroviral therapy  greatly reduces morbidity and mortality for people with HIV/AIDS . However, to benefit fully, patients must maintain strict adherence . A growing literature also suggests that certain patient characteristics are related to antiretroviral non adherence.
Multiple myeloma  represents approximately 10% of all hematologic malignancies and the median overall survival  of those diagnosed in the last decade has approached 4 years . High dose melphalan at 200 mg/m2 remains an integral modality of myeloma treatment and tandem transplants continue to be offered to a fraction of patients  . Historically, approximately 20 30% of patients with newly diagnosed MM fail to respond to induction treatment regimens such as vincristine, adriamycin and dexamethasone  or thalidomide and dexamethasone , hence these patients were thought to have poorly responsive disease.
In response to different environmental and physiological stress conditionsthat increase the load of unfolded proteins in the ER, protein sensors located inthe luminal face of the ER membrane activate the unfolded protein response . Activation of this signaling pathwayleads to a reduction in the influx of proteins into the ER, activates proteindegradation pathways and increases the folding capacity of the ER . These mechanisms allow adaptive and repair mechanisms thatre establish homeostasis.
In CNS neurons, NFs are assembled into long linear polymers containing four subunits, NFH, NFM, NFL and α internexin . Because of their unique sidearms and ability to align in parallel arrays, NFs are well suited to support the extreme polar shapes of neurons , and expand axons for optimal electrical impulse conduction  . The kinetic behaviors of NF and their incorporation into the axonal cytoskeleton have long been controversial.
Cardiac hypertrophy is typically characterized by enlargement of the heart and an increase in myocyte cell volume that occurs in response to diverse pathophysiologic stimuli such as hypertension, ischemic heart disease, valvular insufficiency, infectious agents, exercise, or mutations in sarcomeric genes. MAPK signaling is comprised of a series of successively acting kinases that function as central regulators of cell growth, differentiation, transformation, and death. , MAPK signaling pathways culminate in the activation of extracellular signal regulated protein kinases 1/2 , the c Jun NH2 terminal kinases , p38, and ERK5.
Senescence is associated with alterations in the structureand function of neural circuits underlying sensorimotor, cognitive, and emotional processes. Converging evidence indicates that prominent changes occur across the human life span in declarative memory as well as in emotional information processing. Senescence related deficits in declarative memory have been well characterized.
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma  is the sixth most common type of cancer worldwide. The term HNSCC comprises epithelial tumors that arise in the oral cavity, pharynx, larynx and nasal cavity, with the main risk factors being alcohol and/or tobacco abuse . HNSCC results from the accumulation of numerous genetic and epigenetic alterations that occur in a multistep process.
For the approximately 25,000 patients in the US annually diagnosed with a glioma , the most common and lethal primary brain tumor, treatment options are limited and ineffective . Over 80% of glioma patients report seizures , and 35% continue to have spontaneous seizure recurrence, which is termed tumor associated  epilepsy . Prior work has shown that the excitatory amino acid neurotransmitter glutamate  accumulates in peritumoral tissue due to its avid release from tumors via the “system xc”  cystine glutamate anti porter .
Prescription drug abuse and overdose have reached epidemic status in the United States, and prescription drug monitoring programs  have been implemented in nearly every state to combat the epidemic. Such shopping  is associated with increased risk of drug related overdose and death, . PDMPs originated from law enforcement and have only recently received attention as health care tools with potential benefits for patient care.
Regulatory T cells  represent a subset of CD4+ T cells defined by expression of the forkhead transcription factor , which is encoded by the X linked gene Foxp3,. Deficiencies in Foxp3 function result in autoimmunity very early in life in both mice and humans due to a lack of proper immune regulation ,. The vital role of Tregs in immune homeostasis has led to the development of novel tools to further dissect the functions of Tregs.
Despite the use of adjuvant endocrine treatment prognosis remains poor for a significant population of patients with estrogen receptor positive  breast cancer . The cellular basis for the efficacy of endocrine therapy treatment is principally through inhibitory effects on the tumor cell cycle  because, unlike cytotoxic chemotherapy, it has never been clearly demonstrated that endocrine therapy promotes cell death through apoptosis . To address this hypothesis we focused on combining endocrine agents with inhibitors of phosphoinositide 3 kinase  because this pathway promotes cell survival in a number of tumor types  .
In mammals, circuits essential for respiratory rhythmogenesis are distributed bilaterally as columns in ventrolateral medulla. These networks remain spontaneously active in a variety of neonate rodent in vitro medullary preparations . EBs have been proposed to play a critical role in respiratory rhythm generation, elaborated using cellular  and network  models, which have obtained experimental support .
Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation  offers the possibility of a curative treatment for malignant and non malignant hematological diseases. However, SCT is frequently complicated by graft versus host disease , which remains a major cause of transplant related morbidity and mortality. The anti CD20 chimeric monoclonal antibody Rituximab  given prior to, or during conditioning for T cell replete SCT has been reported to decrease acute , and chronic , and may decrease transplant related mortality  .
Asthma is a chronic inflammatory disease characterized by inflammation of the airways, tissue remodeling, and a decline in respiratory function . Despite intense ongoing research, the incidence of the disease continues to rise, necessitating the need for new scientific inquiry . MicroRNAs  are single stranded non coding RNAs of 1925 nucleotides in length that mediate post transcriptional silencing of target genes .
It is well known that the Hispanic/Latino  population living in the United States  suffers from an unequal burden of certain diseases compared to non Hispanic Whites . Melanoma, the most aggressive of the three skin cancers listed, has been strongly linked to sunburns during childhood. Although the number of melanoma cases is lower among Blacks and Hispanics as compared to Whites, late stage presentations are more common among skin of color populations.
Falls are a leading cause of injury at both home and the work place. When the RCOF at heel contact exceeds the ACOF, the number of slips and falls during straight gait has been shown to increase and continue increasing as the discrepancy grows . While many RCOF values have been reported for straight walking, stair climbing, ramp ascent and descent, and for a variety of surfaces, few RCOF values have been reported for turning.
Reported incidence rates of therapy related myeloid neoplasms  after autologous blood or marrow transplantation , vary from 1% to 20% . The reported incidence rates of t MN after ASCT generally appear higher than those reported after multiple cycles of conventional dose therapy . Though t MN are usually associated with clonal marrow cytogenetic abnormalities  , it is not clear that isolated therapy related CMCA, those that occur in the setting of normal bone marrow pathology, are always associated with t MN.
In magnetic resonance imaging , the radiofrequency  field  inhomogeneity can produce flip angle variations, which can ultimately lead to signal intensity variations and quantitative measurement errors. Typically, B1 + variation within the human body at high magnetic field strengths  can vary on the order of 20 63% . The B1 + variation is in part due to the spatial variation of the field strength produced by the RF coil and in part due to the dielectric properties of the human body.
Neurofibrillary tangles  consist of fibrillar tau aggregates. Thus, tau is probably released from cells as a physiological process. CSF tau levels change under certain pathological conditions.
Pancreas cancer is a disease with high rates of metastatic disease at diagnosis, poor prognosis and high rates of recurrence even after attempts at cure with surgery. Gemcitabine with or without erlotinib has demonstrated a response rate of 89%, with an associated modest improvement in survival . A combination of 5 FU, leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin  has demonstrated a significant improvement over gemcitabine in patients with a good performance status; while the response rates and overall survival improvements are significant, the regimen is associated with significant toxicity, particularly myelosuppression  .
Being incarcerated in the United States is the only circumstance where primary health care is constitutionally guaranteed . Correctional facilities provide many individuals with their first access to health care as adults and can shape their future health care practices. It is estimated that 80% of prisoners see a health care provider when incarcerated, and 30% to 50% are diagnosed with a new chronic condition .
Human adult vocal folds consist of five layers: epithelium, superficial, intermediate and deep layers of the lamina propria of the mucosa and the vocalis muscle. It has been well documented that human vocal fold fibroblasts , the main cellular component of the lamina propria, are responsible for the maintenance, development and repair of ECM of the lamina propria. Numerous investigations have described the age related anatomic, physiological and acoustic changes of the voice and the larynx,  histopathology  of the aging larynx , and more recent studies have delved into the gene expression, and protein level of aged fibroblasts.
The skull is divided into two compartments: the viscerocranium, which comprises the facial skeleton , and the neurocranium, which together encases the brain and cranial sense organs. Because the cranial base spans almost the entire rostro caudal length of the head, from the foramen magnum to the tip of the cartilaginous nasal septum, its proper development is crucial for subsequent normal development of the cranial vault and facial bones. In the adult mouse, the cranial base is composed of the ethmoid, presphenoid, basisphenoid, and basioccipital bones along with the auditory capsules of the temporal bones.
With the availability of next generation sequencing data, there has been increasing interest in studying associations between complex traits and low frequency variants  or rare variants ; see two recent reviews . Accordingly, there have been intensive efforts in developing new statistical tests for LFVs and RVs. conducted a comprehensive review and comparison of many existing association tests for LFVs and RVs with unrelated samples.
Several artifactual factors can impair the accuracy of DXA  measurements of the spine, including surgical hardware or cement, gastrointestinal barium or calcium tablets, and external objects like buttons, snaps, buckles and knives. One unavoidable external artifact is unremovable navel jewelry. This has not received much attention because it is an infrequent artifact in the elderly, who usually receive bone densitometry .
Protein modification involving small ubiquitin like modifier  has been shown to play an important role in regulation of diverse cellular functions . Sumoylation is a multi step process and requires several enzymes. Among them is the E2 conjugating enzyme Ubc9 which transfers the activated SUMO to protein substrates .
Organophosphate pesticides  are among the most widely used class of insecticides in agricultural settings with an estimated 33 million pounds applied in the United States  every year. The US Environmental Protection Agency  mandated the nationwide elimination of AZM by September 30, 2012 . Although the short term health effects of exposure to OPs are widely known, the health effects of chronic exposures are less well understood, and are hampered by challenges faced when studying farmworkers who are often seasonal and migratory .
Microvascular cerebral blood volume  is known to adjust during periods of increased neuronal activity . Since such CBV changes occur in the microvasculature and not large draining veins, identification of CBV adjustment concurrent to neuronal activity should be useful for improving the spatial localization of brain function over conventional blood oxygenation level dependent  fMRI  . Vascular space occupancy  fMRI  is gaining popularity as a method for noninvasively assessing CBV changes accompanying neuronal activity.
Recent advances in restorative dentistry emphasize the development of materials and procedures that facilitate the preservation of sound dental tissues before restoration, thus favoring minimal invasiveness. Chemo mechanical methods of caries removal have been increasingly indicated as an option for minimally invasive treatments. The papain enzyme, particularly, a plant derived cysteine protease of broad proteolytic activity , has been used as a chemo mechanical material since its recent introduction by Bussadori’s group .
A number of longitudinal studies have documented that depressive symptoms rise moderately after midlife . Nevertheless, empirical studies on these hypotheses are largely based on analyses of physical health measures. Few of them have focused on changes in depressive symptoms .
Reproduction can be dangerous and energetically costly, exposing individuals to physical harm, infectious disease, and reduced immunity . Within this framework, long lived female mammals represent an interesting group because female mammals exhibit several adaptations that may help mitigate the high costs of reproduction. Gestation and lactation are energetically demanding and may often constrain the resources females can devote to maintenance or immunity .
Adverse drug reactions are the fifth leading cause of death in the United States , and thousands of additional patients are prescribed medications from which they derive no benefit; overall efficacy rates for even the most common drugs treating the most prevalent diseases have been estimated to be only about 50% . The prospect of attaining a future of more informed prescribing practice in our medical system has become today’s possibility through the advance of technology and the ability to rapidly and accurately determine millions of pieces of genetic variation information for large numbers of individuals. This has led to the identification of genetic factors governing response and toxicity for hundreds of drugs , with many such associations now replicated, incorporated into drug labels, and encompassed by clinical prescribing guidelines .
Families of children with Autism Spectrum Disorder  endure significant financial and employment burden due to their children's numerous needed services. The study objective is to describe additional impact on families of children with intellectual disability  in addition to ASD . The study is a secondary data analysis of the 2009 2010 National Survey of Children with Special Health Care Needs.
Steady postural contractions that stabilize a limb with accuracy are required forsuccessful performance of many daily tasks including carrying objects, driving, and walking. However, thereremains uncertainty as to the role of intensity and volume of cortical activation in forceregulation  and the motor areasinvolved with increased activation especially among lower to moderate force contractions,which are forces at which many daily tasks are performed  . Despite the primary role of lower limb muscles as agonists and stabilizers duringfunctional tasks such as driving and walking, most studies have studied upper limb musclesand little is understood about cortical activation during leg movements.
Autism spectrum disorder  is characterized by deficits in social communication and interactions, stereotypic behaviors, and restricted interests . These symptoms often cause significant challenges to individuals with ASD and their families. These atypical antipsychotic medications are effective in reducing irritability.
Aerobic glycolysis, the switch in glucose metabolism from oxidative phosphorylation to enhanced glycolysis, occurs in cancer cells even in the presence of adequate oxygen levels. This phenomenon, first described by Otto Warburg in the 1920s, is referred to as the Warburg effect . The understanding that metabolism is tightly regulated by signaling pathways and transcriptional programs, together with the development of diagnostic tools such as 18F fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography , have led to a renewed interest in the Warburg effect , which was recently described as the seventh hallmark of cancer  .
Breast cancer  is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among American women, accounting for approximately 32%  of all new cancer cases per year . It is the second leading cause of cancer death for women in the USA, claiming the lives of 41,000 annually. Patients with ER positive  BCa generally respond to anti estrogen therapy with tamoxifen and/or aromatase inhibitors, the therapeautics most commonly used to treat the disease , and have a better diagnosis than those with ER negative  BCa.
The non competitive glutamatergic NMDA receptor antagonist, phencyclidine , has long been recognized to induce acute schizophrenia like symptoms in humans . Schizophrenia is a severe neuropsychiatric disorder which affects approximately one percent of the population worldwide. Unfortunately, its etiology and pathophysiology are poorly defined.
Protein Protein interactions are critical in most biological systems. They comprise an important and exceptionally challenging family of drug targets. Alanine scanning has proven to be a powerful experimental tool for dissecting and understanding protein protein interactions at the atomic level.
Neuropathic pain remains a significant clinical problem and is often resistant to conventional analgesics. These abnormal neuronal activities play an important role in the development of hyperalgesia and allodynia associated with neuropathic pain. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying the increased excitability of neurons in the DRG and spinal dorsal horn after nerve injury are not fully understood .
Diet induced obesity and metabolic syndrome are important contributors to cardiovascular diseases, including vascular restenosis after angioplasty and atherosclerosis. Vascular smooth muscle cell  migration contributes significantly to these pathological processes. SERCA is an important enzyme that maintains optimal intracellular calcium levels in SMCs by taking up calcium into the sarco/endoplasmic reticulum.
The glomerular and granule cell layer interneurons of the main olfactory bulb  are derived primarily from the mammalian subventricular zone , a proliferative region that generates neural progenitors and remains active throughout life . Mature OB interneurons express a variety of neurotransmitter and neuroactive molecules, such as GABA and dopamine  . The molecular mechanisms regulating the differentiation of OB DAergic interneurons, in particular, are not well defined, but are clearly distinct from those in midbrain DAergic neurons .
The prevalence of fecal incontinence  is approximately 3 fold greater in nursing home  residents  compared to the non institutionalized population aged 70 or older . This has contributed to the belief that FI is a major risk factor for NH referral, but there is little direct evidence to support this belief. Thom and colleagues reported that incontinence is a significant contributor to NH referral, but this study did not distinguish between FI and urinary incontinence .
Vocal fold paresis is increasingly recognized as a commonly encountered clinical condition causing dysphonia., There is common consensus that laryngeal paresis may go unrecognized during clinical voice evaluation due to the lack of an obvious sign indicative of paresis such as reduced vocal fold mobility., Previously reported laryngeal findings of paresis in the presence of normally mobile vocal folds have included asymmetry in the alignment of laryngeal cartilages, vocal fold bowing, glottal gap, vocal process height mismatch, false vocal fold hyperadduction, deviation of the epiglottic petiole, and vibratory amplitude abnormalities. However, these signs may not be always present. Vocal fold paresis and paralysis lead to reduced vocal fold stiffness, which is expected to have direct consequences on vibratory properties., Three vibratory characteristics relevant to vocal fold paresis and paralysis can be assessed: the phase of vibration, assessed as the symmetry  of the excursion of the vocal fold medial edge during the opening and closing phases of the glottal cycle; mucosal wave amplitude, noted as the most lateral excursion of the visible mucosal wave on the superior vocal fold surface; and the vibratory amplitude, noted as the most lateral displacement of the vocal fold medial edge during the glottal cycle., Systematic studies of the influence of vocal fold adductor paresis as an independent variable on laryngeal function have not been performed.
Parasitic protozoa such as Leishmania, Trypanosoma and Plasmodium are unable to synthesize purines de novo and are completely reliant upon their hosts to provide them with preformed purines . Since most cells in vertebrates are capable of purine biosynthesis, the requirement of these protozoa for host derived purines is one of the principal biochemical distinctions between the host and parasite and represents a potential target for therapeutic intervention. To scavenge purines, these parasites have evolved a unique set of purine transporters and salvage enzymes that allow them to take up a variety of purine nucleosides and nucleobases and convert them into essential purine metabolites .
Metastatic melanomas are invariably chemoresistant and carry a grim prognosis . A hierarchical mapping of these alterations  has remained elusive. However, neither MITF, MAPK nor NF κB inhibition abrogates the expression of these BCL 2 family members , suggesting alternative, and yet unknown, mechanisms of regulation of the apoptotic machinery in melanoma cells .
Tumor angiogenesis, the development of new capillaries from preexisting blood vessels, is indispensable for tumor growth and metastasis . Without the concomitant growth of new blood vessels, tumors cannot expand beyond a minimal size, invade locally, or metastasize to distant sites . Thus, the “angiogenic switch” during tumorigenesis is recognized as a rate limiting secondary event that can be effectively targeted as a therapeutic approach to treat cancer .
Alcohol is the 5th leading risk factor in the Global Burden of Disease  estimates, accounting for 3.9% of the GBD, and is the 3rd leading risk factor among men and 1st among those 1535 years old . The relative risk  of injury from alcohol consumption is one important component in estimation of alcohol attributable non fatal injury. Risk estimates have typically been derived from mortality rather than morbidity data, however, been based on chronic rather than on acute consumption , have not examined the dose response relationship and have assumed a uniform risk across gender, age, cause of injury and country .
Selenium  is an essential dietary nutrient for all mammalian species, including humans . The mechanism of action of Se compounds, either via a pro oxidant pathway  or an antioxidant pathway , is still unclear, but is nonetheless intriguing. However, the mechanisms for such effects on the survival pathway remain unclear .
Glucocorticoids are potential mediators to cause muscle wasting. It has been reported that anabolic androgenic steroids have the potential to reverse the glucocorticoid induced catabolic effects on muscles . Androgen also attenuated muscle wasting in COPD patients receiving prolonged glucocorticoid therapy ,.
Early treatment of HIV infection with combination anti retroviral therapy  improves health outcomes in infected individuals and reduces transmission . Many public health experts advocate for expanding treatment provision through a “test and treat” strategy , in which HIV infected individuals are offered ART regardless of clinical status. Such policies have had beneficial impacts on HIV related outcomes in resource rich settings .
Differences in spirometric measures of lung function between European Americans and African Americans are well documented. European Americans had higher mean FEV1 and FVC than the other racial/ethnic groups. It has been suggested that body habitus, particularly the smaller trunk   leg ratio in African Americans, could be partially responsible for these differences.
The brain is enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids  that fall into two categories based on a double bond at the n 6 or n 3 position. Both AA and DHA, including their oxygenated derivatives, can modulate brain function, alter signal transduction, and disrupt other brain processes . The eicosanoids  and docosanoids  may have antagonistic effects during inflammation.
One of the hallmarks of the adaptive immune response is its ability to generate immunological memory against foreign antigens so as to generate a stronger immune response on secondary encounter. However, when an immune response is generated against self antigens, immunological memory is often thought to contribute to the persistence of the autoimmune response in autoimmune diseases . In a model of skin autoimmunity, it has been shown that memory Treg cells in the tissue confer superior protection against autoimmune attack .
Automated projection spectroscopy  was introduced nearly a decade ago . In spite of a court injunction which blocked the use of APSY and related techniques for several years , APSY NMR has become a standard technique for projects of the Joint Center for Structural Genomics . Within the J UNIO protocol for extensive automation of protein structure determination , APSY NMR is routinely used for polypeptide backbone assignments of proteins with sizes up to about 150 amino acid residues, and significantly larger proteins have also been successfully studied .
Deregulation of cell cycle progression plays an important role in the development of cancer . Cell cycle progression occurs in an orderly fashion and is tightly regulated by the expression and activity of cyclin/cyclin dependent kinase  complexes . Of cyclins, cyclin D1 is critical in controlling cell cycle progression from G1 to S phase .
Inhibitory neurons comprise about 20% of all cortical neurons and are crucial to cortical function. They can be further subdivided into numerous classes or subtypes based on their immunochemical, morphological, and physiological properties . The most informative markers are those that have minimal overlap with other markers and that correlate closely with other features.
The magnitude reconstruction typically used in MRI combines the real and imaginary components of a complex spatial signal so that the resulting image is independent of the arbitrary phase setting and is not affected by phase artifacts . For diffusion MRI, the SNR is further reduced by diffusion weighting of the signal . As a result, parameter estimation for DKI can be more sensitive to noise effects than for DTI , which limits the attainable resolution.
The burden of diabetes mellitus  and prediabetes vary substantially among racial/ethnic groups in the United States , with American Indians having the highest prevalence of type 2 DM . Even though the higher burden of type 2 DM among Hispanics has been widely documented in the US , there are limited data on the burden of these conditions across Hispanic subgroups. Puerto Ricans, the second largest Hispanic subgroup in the US, are disproportionately affected by DM and other cardiovascular risks factors compared to other ethnic groups .
GSTM1 is one of a family of cytosolic GSTs that act as multifunctional Phase II enzymes and regulators of stress activated inflammatory signaling . The GSTM1 gene has 2 alleles: a wild type allele GSTM1*1 and a non functional variant null allele GSTM1*0 . In normal lungs, GSTM1 is predominantly expressed in airway epithelium and smooth muscle cells .
In eukaryotic cells, the spatial segregation of transcription in the nucleus and translation in the cytoplasm imposes the requirement of transporting thousands of macromolecules between these two cellular compartments. The NPC features a doughnut shaped symmetric core with a central transport channel that is asymmetrically decorated by a “nuclear basket” structure and cytoplasmic filaments. Computational approaches have revealed that nups primarily consist of α helical regions, β propellers, and unstructured phenylalanine glycine  repeats., Nup88 and Nup214 share similar domain organizations with an N terminal β propeller and a C terminal α helical region.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors  are the medications most commonly used as first line treatment for major depressive disorder . Trivedi and colleagues  reported that 29.7% of the patients in the group who received adjunctive bupropion SR in doses up to 400 mg/day for an additional 12 weeks  achieved remission . In order to shorten the time to remission, one possible option is to use a combination of antidepressant medications early in the course of the illness.
Adipose derived stem cells  are multipotent adult stem cells derived from fat that have the ability to differentiate in vitro along a variety of lineage pathways, including bone, cartilage, adipose, neuronal like, and muscle . These cells exhibit a high expansion rate in vitro, and after several passages the population exhibits a low immunogenic profile as shown by low expression of MHC class II molecules and costimulatory molecules. When utilized as stimulator cells in a one way mixed lymphocyte reaction , they do not stimulate a proliferative response from allogeneic T cells.
It is well known that radiation exposure occurring by intentional or un intentional ways causes cell death and damage in a dose dependent fashion. In mammals, radiation does the most damage to actively dividing cell populations like hematopoietic cells and cells lining mucosal surfaces. For this reason, a clearer understanding of the cellular and molecular events following radiation injury in humans is of paramount importance if a radionuclear event ever happens.
Magnetic resonance guided high intensity focused ultrasound  is a powerful technique for thermally ablating focal lesions. MRgHIFU offers multiple advantages compared to other forms of focal ablation including the high precision of energy delivery, the lack of adjacent tissue toxicity, and the completely non invasive approach . However, the number of potential applications has rapidly increased over the last decade, with multiple studies examining its use for liver, breast, renal, prostate, and brain tumors, in addition to stroke, peripheral neurolysis, and essential tremor .
The vestibular otolith receptors have evolved to detect linear motion and head position with respect to gravity. These are essential functions, about which all coordinated and reflexive movements, as well as spatial orientation and navigation through space depend. However, little is known about otolith system development.
Aromatic peptides have the intrinsic ability to self assemble into highly ordered nanostructures such as nanospheres, nanotubes, nanofibrils, nanoplates, etc. . Piezoelectricity is a characteristic of non centrosymmetric materials, whereby the material will undergo a mechanical stress/strain when placed under an electric field, or conversely, the material will generate an electric charge under a mechanical stress.
Vesicle fusion is followed by vesicle endocytosis, which forms new vesicles. Studies in the last two decades revealed that endocytosis can be rapid  or slow  . Slow endocytosis has been observed at every secretory cell and synapse examined .
Calcium channels are multi subunit complexes comprised of a major pore forming α1 subunit approximately 250 kDa in size and smaller auxiliary β, α2δ, and γ subunits . While the synprint region is implicated in presynaptic targeting of both Cav2.1 and Cav2.2 in superior cervical ganglion neurons , it appears to be nonessential for polarized axonal trafficking in cultured hippocampal neurons . The C terminus of Cav2.2 plays a critical role in channel synaptic targeting by binding to the active zone scaffolding proteins CASK and Mint1  and to the motor dynein light chain subunit tctex1 .
Tyrosine phosphorylation is involved in the regulation of many physiological processes, including growth, proliferation and differentiation, metabolism, cell cycle regulation and cytoskeletal function, cell cell interactions, neuronal development, gene transcription, and the immune response. Until recently, PTKs were considered to be the main enzymes regulating tyrosine phosphorylation and huge progress has been made over the last 20 years in clarifying their significance in signal transduction. The ability of PTPs to dephosphorylate phosphotyrosine residues selectively on their substrates plays an important role in initiating, sustaining and terminating cellular signaling.
The tumor suppressor p53 exhibits distinct functions at the cytoplasm, the nucleus and the mitochondria . In the nucleus, p53 forms a tetramer via its tetramerization domain   allowing its DNA binding domain  to bind to DNA activating various genes that are involved in apoptosis, DNA repair and cell cycle arrest  . Although p53 does not contain a mitochondrial targeting signal , it can still translocate to the mitochondria.
One of the defining features of autism is language impairment. A number of studies have linked language impairment in autism with reversed or absent patterns of neural asymmetry as compared with the typically developing population. Such asymmetries have been shown in autism in evoked potentials to speech stimuli  and also volume of neural language structures, including frontal and temporal areas  and in particular, the planum temporale .
Although clinical and research studies commonly acquire complementary brain images from each participant, the statistical analyses in most studies are performed with the data from different images analyzed separately , and often use “univariate” methods that treat different voxels or regions of interest  within an image as independent. In contrast to univariate image analysis methods, multivariate image analysis techniques can be used to characterize voxel  or region based patterns of covariance. For instance, multivariate image analysis methods have been used to analyze patterns  of the regional cerebral metabolic rate for glucose  in fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography  and gray matter volume in magnetic resonance images , as well as patterns of activation in 15O water PET images and functional MRI  .
IgA nephropathy , the most common form of primary glomerulonephritis worldwide, is characterized by a proliferation of mesangial cells and matrix and deposits containing predominantly IgA1 and C3 . The pathogenesis of IgAN has so far not been completely elucidated but much research has focused on the importance of galactose deficient IgA1 . The O glycans consist of N acetylgalactosamine , with the possible addition of galactose and up to two sialic acid residues.
Liver fibrosis represents a wound healing process in response to a variety of acute and chronic stimuli, including ethanol, viral infections, cholestasis, and metabolic diseases . Characterized by excess synthesis and deposition of extracellular matrix , fibrosis disrupts the normal architecture of the liver leading to organ dysfunction, which can progress to cirrhosis and ultimately organ failure if left untreated. Currently, few therapeutic strategies exist to treat liver fibrosis .
Recent epidemiologic data using an objective measure of physical activity indicate that fewer than 12% of male and 6% of female adolescents in the United States are engaging in sufficient physical activity to meet public health recommendations . Data from studies around the world indicate that this problem is not confined to North America. Despite increased attention to this issue, efforts to reverse this trend have been minimally successful.
Based on pathologic examination of the entire prostate, the Gleason grading system is the most powerful variable available for distinguishing between indolent Gleason score 3+3=6 cancers and cancers with lethal potential, virtually all of which are Gleason score 3+4=7 or higher . Currently, there are few predictors of which patients with Gleason score 6 prostate tumors on biopsy are likely to harbor higher grade disease. Tumor upgrading from biopsy to radical prostatectomy can occur for multiple reasons, including tumor progression, pathology errors, and inter observer variability in Gleason grading.
Physical inactivity is associated with an increased overall risk of cancer mortality  and mortality associated with specific anatomic sites such as colon  and breast . However, there is little information regarding the association of inactivity and lung cancer, which is the most common cause of cancer death in the United States. According to the most recent report from the American Cancer Society, in 2009, an estimated 116,090 new cases of lung cancer will be diagnosed and approximately 88,900 men are expected to die from this disease .
Enhancing the capacity of neurons to adapt to hypoxic stress has implications for improving the survival of neurons during lethal insults from diseases such as stroke and hypoxic encephalopathy. We propose that the endoplasmic reticulum  is involved in the phenomenon of hypoxic preconditioning, in which a prior exposure to non injurious hypoxia induces tolerance to subsequent severe hypoxic or ischemic stress . The ER unfolded protein response  is a set of protein signaling pathways and transcription factors that control apoptosis after severe oxidative stress or in neurodegenerative diseases  and in neuronal preconditioning .
Ostensibly aversive stress experiences can increase the pursuit and use of alcohol and stimulants in humans and animals . It has been challenging to reliably and adequately characterize the stress alcohol relationship in animal models . Episodic exposure even to brief, intermittent social interactions can have extensive long  and short term cardiovascular, thermoregulatory, and behavioral changes in rodents  .
Propofol is a commonly used intravenous agent for the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia used on millions of patients worldwide. Although the GABA A dependent mechanisms are well established, there is a growing interest in elucidating secondary mechanisms that might have long lasting side effects . The underlying mechanism for these effects is unclear but may be related to long term changes in the transcriptional state of the neuronal cells .
Black pigmenting anaerobic bacteria, including Porphyromonas gingivalis and Prevotella intermedia, are among the major pathogens associated with severe periodontitis , an inflammatory disease which damages the periodontal tissues supporting the teeth. The paradigm for haem acquisition from iron oxyhaemoglobin by both P. gingivalis and P. intermedia involves a crucial initial haemoglobin oxidation stage which concomitantly reduces the affinity of the globin for the iron protoporphyrin IX and renders the protein susceptible to further proteolytic degradation . For P. intermedia, the proteolytic oxidation step is mediated by interpain A  , a major extracellular cysteine protease , which is capable of disarming the host defences by degrading complement .
Neurologists who care for stroke patients are required to certify in use of The National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale  now that Disease Specific Specialty Designation as a Primary Stroke Center is available from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organization, . The NIHSS is a widely used stroke deficit assessment tool used in nearly all large clinical stroke trials to document baseline and outcome severity . A training and certification process exists to assure that raters use the NIHSS in a uniform manner, : videotapes were used for training and certification from 1988 2006.
Adult bone mass may be influenced by stressors over the life course. We examined the association between marital life history and bone mineral density  net socioeconomic and behavioral factors known to influence bone mass. We sought evidence for a gender difference in the association between marital history and adult BMD .
Ethanol and dietary fat are closely related at the behavioral level. Clinical evidence shows significantly elevated ethanol intake in subjects consuming fat . Studies in rats have yielded similar results relating ethanol to fat consumption.
An increase in vascular permeability is a key hallmark of inflammation and has been implicated in the pathophysiology of many disease states including acute lung injury, ischemia reperfusion injury, atherosclerosis, and diabetes. Under physiological conditions, adherens junctions predominate in endothelial cell cell contacts and control pulmonary endothelial barrier integrity. Oxidants including superoxide and hydrogen peroxide  generated by activated neutrophils and endothelial cells in response to inflammatory stimuli increase paracellular endothelial permeability by promoting the loss of cellcell adhesion and activation of actin myosin based cell retraction.
Cancers hijack the immune system to avoid detection and to allow for progression, invasion, and metastasis . Towards this end, the understanding and application of immunologic therapies in cancer treatments continues to increase perennially. Currently, over 100 active clinical trials that utilize a form of IL 12 therapy, 27 of which implement gene therapy, are in progress  .
The side chains of several natural amino acids contain nucleophiles. In contrast, the side chains of proteinogenic amino acids lack reactive electrophiles, other than half cystines. Toward this end, we set forth to probe the attributes of  4 ketoproline , which is also known as  4 oxoproline, in a collagen mimetic peptide  .
Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death among kidney transplant patients. , Cardiac disease accounts for 43% of all cause mortality among dialysis patients, and for about 38% of all cause mortality posttransplant. , The number of kidney transplants  performed annually increased gradually from 3784 in 1980 to a peak of 18,018 in 2006, with a small decline to 17,356 in 2008.
In recent decades, there has been an alarming increase in the rates of overweight and obesity on a global scale . Due to the health risks associated with obesity, efforts have been made to properly quantify body fat in individuals and in different populations . In addition, site specific selection for skinfold thickness measurements based on sex has been recommended  .
There is abundant evidence of disruptions in neuronal metabolism and mitochondrial respiration in Huntington’s Disease . Recent reports have revealed that the metabolic transcriptional regulator peroxisome proliferator activated receptor γ coactivator 1α  and multiple PGC 1α target genes are downregulated in the striatum of patients with HD and in mouse models of HD ). It has been proposed that mutant huntingtin represses the expression of PGC 1α by binding to its promoter; overexpression of the transcription factors CREB and TAF4 are able to reverse mutant huntingtin mediated PGC 1α downregulation .
Exposure assessment is a key aspect of observational studies in human toxicology and epidemiology, where individual dosages are not part of the study design. In commonly used statistical analysis, the exposure variable is treated as an independent variable without error. Unfortunately, the frequently occurring non differential errors in the exposure parameter tend to bias the dose response relationship toward null .
Corticobasal ganglia  circuits are thought to promote motor skill acquisition through reinforcement learning . During reinforcement learning, individuals first explore their environment. Thereby, repetition of a successful behavior  replaces exploration .
Abdominal aortic aneurysm  rupture is the tenth leading cause of death in the United States. In fact, there is ample evidence that this pathological condition has the potential to be of long term concern in the medical field. Similar transient patterns of flow separation in the downstream expanding region of a stenosed vessel were shown by Raz et al.
Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia  is an incurable low grade B cell lymphoproliferative disorder characterized by bone marrow  infiltration of a clonal population of small B lymphocytes, plasmacytoid lymphocytes and plasma cells that secrete monoclonal IgM antibody . The etiology of the disease is still unknown. Although believed to be predominantly sporadic, familial cases suggest a possible predisposing genetic defect  .
To date, in vivo molecular imaging techniques have made great progress due to improvements in imaging technology and the design of novel imaging probes. Several modalities are now utilized for molecular imaging, including nuclear imaging, optical imaging, MRI and ultrasound . Both nuclear imaging and optical imaging have comparable high sensitivities, however, nuclear imaging is superior for quantification due to good tissue penetration of gamma rays and the ability to accurately measure count rate in tissue, which permits whole body quantitative imaging not only in small animals but also in humans.
Of the 22,000 ovarian cancer cases that will be diagnosed in 2013, approximately 10% can be attributed to an inherited predisposition. Women who have a BRCA1 mutation have a 39% to 46% risk of developing ovarian cancer by age 70, while women with a BRCA2 mutation carry a 10% to 27% risk by age 70. RRSO provides a 75% to 96% reduction in ovarian cancer risk, and is the most efficacious method of ovarian cancer prevention for these women.
Physiologically, pulmonary dead space is the portion of ventilation that is unable to participate in gas exchange and is essentially wasted. Indeed, dead space fraction has been shown in both adult and pediatric populations to have important prognostic value in acute lung injury and congenital diaphragmatic hernia. Chest wall mechanics are disturbed by thoracotomy, and the use of cardiopulmonary bypass may result in inflammatory damage to the lungs.
Fucose can be linked through α, α and α bonds to N acetylglucosamine and through α to galactose in a range of glycoproteins and glycolipids. At least five major isoforms of the ALF enzyme have been identified . There is a considerable degree of structural heterogeneity, both tissue specific and within tissues.
Proliferation of EC is a critical process involved in angiogenesis and atherogenesis . Through cell cell contact inhibition, normal vascular EC are in a quiescent non proliferative state . However, rapid proliferative burst occurs in EC when they are exposed to injuries that include iatrogenic factors such as balloon angioplasty  and various pathophysiologic events such as modified LDL and angiogenic or atherogenic factors .
Glucocorticoids  affect almost every aspect of adipose tissue biology. Although the powerful actions of GCs on adipose tissue biology are well documented, the molecular events and mechanisms through which GCs regulate adipose tissue development and function are not fully elucidated . The action of GCs on target cells is thought to be mediated by the type 2 glucocorticoid receptor , a member of nuclear receptor superfamily that is expressed in almost every tissue, including adipose tissue.
We examined the association between smoking and the risk of Barrett's esophagus , a metaplastic precursor to esophageal adenocarcinoma . We conducted a case control study within the Kaiser Permanente Northern California population. Patients with a new diagnosis of BE  were matched to persons with gastroesophageal reflux disease   and to population controls .
During evolution, the primate cerebral cortex has expanded disproportionately, relative to overall brain size. Consequently, the cortical sheet becomes folded, to fit in the limited volume provided by the skull . Inward bending  folds are called ‘sulci’, and outward bending  folds are called ‘gyri’.
High density lipoproteins  are well recognized to be antiatherogenic and to play a role in mediating cholesterol efflux from cells, . BMP 2 and  4 may contribute to the progression of vascular calcification due to their osteoinductive properties. In osteoblastic cells, MSX2 and distal less homeodomains 3 and 5  have been shown to co regulate genes that are essential in bone development, including the RUNX2 and the osteocalcin genes .
The striated perineal muscles and the motoneurons that innervate them have been the subjects of intense investigation, owing to their unusual androgen dependence . They are innervated by motoneurons in the spinal nucleus of the bulbocavernosus . As a result, adult females lack a BC and possess only a remnant, or no, LA.
The physiology canon asserts that Mb serves as an O2 stores or facilitates O2 transport. Textbooks have embraced the concept; even though in vivo experiments have presented conflicting evidence . Certainly, Mb can supply O2 during a transient decrease in the O2 supply, such as during a marine mammal dive or during the initiation of muscle contraction .
With the growing amount of clinical research studies in the field of interventional oncology, selective patient data is becoming more difficult to store and organize effectively. For most studies, spreadsheet programs such as Microsoft Excel®  are often used as a data repository similar to a database to record and organize patient data for research. Once the spreadsheet is populated, it is manually filtered by set study parameters and then pushed to statistical analysis software for further analysis.
Sphingomyelin  is an abundant phospholipid in the cell membranes and lipoproteins of all vertebrate animals, and is an essential component of membrane rafts, the microdomains of cell membrane that play a critical role in cell signaling and other cellular processes . Recent epidemiologic studies show that increased plasma levels of SM are associated with an increase in risk of atherosclerosis , but the underlying mechanisms are largely unknown. Part of the reason for this is that the normal physiological functions of SM in cells and lipoproteins are not well understood.
Since the initial use of interferon monotherapy in 1986, great strides have been made in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus  infection. The addition of the guanosine analogue ribavirin improved on treatment clearance of viremia, and perhaps more importantly, decreased relapse rates and improved rates of sustained virological response after a complete course of therapy. Even with the recent development of potent HCV protease and polymerase inhibitors, ribavirin appears to be necessary to maximize response rates.
Individuals with obesity, advancing age, hypertension and heart failure all demonstrate increased muscle sympathetic nerve activity , increased cardiovascular disease risk and reduced exercise tolerance. Excessive sympathetic mediated vasoconstriction within skeletal muscles may limit blood flow in such conditions. As the world wide obesity trend increases, it will be important to understand the functional consequences of heightened MSNA associated with obesity, hypertension and insulin resistance in the human condition of metabolic syndrome .
During protein synthesis, nascent polypeptide chains can modulate the efficiency of translation. Nascent polypeptide mediated translation regulation can be an intrinsic property of the nascent chain or can depend on the additional presence of a ligand, e.g. a macrolide antibiotic such as erythromycin,. Biochemical and genetic studies of several drug dependent regulatory peptides have provided initial models for how interactions within the ribosomal tunnel can relay back to the PTC to induce translation arrest,.
The decline in episodic memory with amnestic forms of mild cognitive impairment  is well established for verbal material. A number of problems inherent in available test materials for nonverbal memory have made a comparison with verbal memory difficult. We were interested in studying whether the memory impairment associated with amnestic MCI and mild Alzheimer’s disease  would include impairment on the WMS III Faces recognition test.
Centenarians represent an increasingly large segment of the United States  population, with the most recent census estimating over 53,000 living in the US in 2010 , and a relative increase in the proportion of the population reaching age 100 has been reported in many industrialized nations, including the US, England and Wales, Japan, and Sweden . Available normative data on cognitive test performance of commonly administered neuropsychological tests is lacking in this age group. For example, the most recent version of the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale  provides normative comparisons for adults up to age 90  and even clinical research programs specifically aimed at providing normative data for older adults face challenges with having adequate sample sizes for this exceptionally old age group .
Dynamic nuclear polarization  in conjunction with 13C MR metabolic imaging offers an exciting method of assessing in vivo metabolism with a substantial gain in sensitivity over conventional MR methods . Recent studies using hyperpolarized  pyruvate as a substrate have demonstrated utility for examining in vivo tumor metabolism in rodent brain tumor models . These preclinical studies have shown the feasibility of using this technique for differentiation of tumor from normal brain tissue, characterization of 13C metabolite patterns between pathologically heterogeneous abnormal and normal brain tissue, and detection of early response to treatment in animal models of high grade gliomas .
Previous studies showed liver dysfunction after severe burn, and that this is associated with activation of endoplasmic reticulum  stress. Autophagy is a catabolic process to maintain cellular organelle balance; ER stress is associated with autophagy signaling cascades. We thus sought to determine whether autophagy signals were associated with damage in the liver after burn, and further whether burn associated ER stress activates autophagy signals in hepatocytes .
CBFβ binding to the Runt related  family of transcription factors is required for fidelity of bone  , hematopoietic   and gastrointestinal   development, proliferation and differentiation of respective lineages. The activity of RUNX transcription factors is primarily confined to the nucleus and bound to the nuclear scaffold . Association of CBFβ with RUNX factors also confers protection against RUNX protein degradation .
RNA, in its varied forms, interacts with proteins to carry out fundamental roles in the cell. Conventional purification steps to remove nucleic acid contaminants include nuclease digestion, chemical treatments, or ultracentrifugation steps . PEI is a positively charged polyelectrolyte  with the structural formula n .
High grade gliomas in patients are invasive and histologically heterogeneous. These brain tumors typically consist of a solid tumor mass, often mixed with necrosis, and individual tumor cells infiltrating into edematous or even normal appearing brain tissue . Currently, these tumors are generally evaluated using gadolinium contrast enhanced MRI, in combination with T2 weighted or fluid attenuated inversion recovery  MRI, which are used to determine the extent of involvement, to guide treatments, and to assess a therapeutic response .
The number of women presently involved in the U.S. criminal justice system has grown quickly in recent years, with current data indicating involvement of 1 out of every 89 women in the country . In 2011, almost one million women were sanctioned under community corrections, including probation and parole . The skyrocketing increase in women’s criminal justice involvement is largely attributed to: 1) The War on Drugs; 2) mandatory minimum sentencing; and 3) the lack of programming to meet women’s needs .
described the first case of PitB occurring in a 13 month old female Korean child presenting with Cushing's syndrome and diabetes insipidus . A sellar and suprasellar mass measuring 3.5 cm was identified on magnetic resonance imaging . Histopathologically, the excised tumor was distinct from other pediatric adenohypophyseal tumors, exhibiting primitive Rathke type epithelium arranged in rosettes and glandular structures, small folliculo stellate  cells and a limited range of fully differentiated secretory cells.
Although variola virus, the causative agent for smallpox, was eradicated in 1978, recent events have reawakened concerns that variola could be used as a biological weapon . Over 100 million Americans have been born since universal immunization ceased , and the waning immunity of the estimated 150 million Americans who were remotely vaccinated means that reintroduction of smallpox in the United States could lead to catastrophic consequences . The smallpox vaccine used in the United States up until 2008, Dryvax, while highly effective in preventing disease caused by smallpox , has a significant incidence of adverse effects, which have prompted efforts to develop safer smallpox vaccines .
Water protein interactions are ubiquitous in biological systems and play an important role in the folding, stability, and function of proteins. NMR has long been used to investigate protein water interactions and the mechanisms of polarization transfer from water to proteins . Several spin diffusion solid state NMR  experiments have been introduced to determine the distances of proteins to membrane associated water and to lipid chains .
Successful language processing requires the integration of grammatical information across linguistic units within a sentence. Agreement phenomena are of particular interest because they present some interesting paradoxes for language processing. These errors are especially likely to occur in contexts where a sentence's subject noun phrase  contains two nouns that mismatch in number features .
Androgen blockade therapy  for treating prostate cancer  was initially conceived through the discovery by Dr. Huggins and colleagues that PCa growth is dependent on androgens , and this now has become a standard treatment. Two new drugs approved by the FDA in 2012, Abiraterone  and MDV3100  that effectively block either the androgen synthesis enzyme, CYP17, or AR ligand binding, respectively, have energized the ABT field . Both agents prolong the overall survival of patients with castration resistant prostate cancer .
Handedness is first demonstrated between 910 weeks gestation, as embryos begin to exhibit single arm movements . The archaeological record of cultural and skeletal remains provides evidence of population level biases towards right handedness in early humans . From a neuropsychological perspective, lateralization in the form of hand or foot preference remains the best behavioral predictor of cerebral lateralization.
Older adults frequently report the subjective feeling that their mental abilities have worsened. This phenomenon has been labeled subjective memory complaint or subjective memory impairment. Indeed, memory problems are frequently reported as one of the first losses in both normal and accelerated cognitive aging.
The acute inflammatory response is mainly a protective mechanism; it destroys and/or separates the injurious agent, removes damaged tissue and repairs the area as best possible . While inflammation is a fundamental component of normal host defense and wound repair, it is also implicated in a broad range of diseases . Elucidation of the relationship between such major diseases and inflammation has led to the targeting of inflammatory mediators, particularly those derived from membrane lipids, as potential therapeutics.
Over 700 million pounds of pesticides are used annually in agriculture in the US , and several studies document increased exposures for farmers, farm workers, and families living in agricultural regions compared with non farming populations . Organophosphate pesticide exposures during pregnancy have been associated with decreased birth weight in Dominican and African American populations in an urban US area , but not in a farmworker population in central California . Similarly, studies examining maternal herbicide exposure yield conflicting results regarding potential effects on fetal growth ,.
New biomedical interventions, including pre exposure prophylaxis  and nonoccupational post exposure prophylaxis  have recently been approved and endorsed for use in preventing HIV transmission in high risk populations, especially among men who have sex with men . Other emerging biomedical primary prevention approaches, such as topical microbicides, have shown promise in clinical trials with female users, but have not yet been approved for rectal use in MSM who represent the majority of HIV infections in the U.S.. In regards to secondary prevention, early antiretroviral therapy was found to substantially reduce transmissions to HIV negative partners among heterosexual couples in developing countries , but significant challenges may remain for applying this model to U.S. MSM.
The introduction of optical coherence tomography  into clinical practice has changed ophthalmology, and with progression of new technology, the ability to obtain a true, non invasive “optical biopsy” of the posterior segment is almost achievable. With advancements in OCT image processing software, more refined details of the posterior segment can be appreciated and characterized in vivo. The choroid plays a vital role in the pathophysiology of many diseases affecting the retina but adequate visualization of the choroid using OCT has not been possible until recently.
Asthma is the most prevalent chronic disease of childhood and the most frequent reason for childhood hospitalization in the United States., As such, the ability of clinicians to assess severity of acute asthma exacerbations is variable and limited in accuracy. Approximately thirty six acute asthma severity scores have been proposed. The purpose of such a score is to assess severity at the bedside in order to assist clinicians in applying appropriate immediate treatment.
Altered cellular metabolism is emerging as a hallmark of cancer and has been shown to support several steps along the pathway of cancer development. Indeed, inhibition of fatty acid synthase  has been shown to trigger ER stress in tumor cells, while FASN inhibitors, such as orlistat and C75, have been found to produce antitumor effects in a variety of cancers, including ovarian cancers  . Interestingly, several recent studies suggest a “lipid addiction” phenotype for ovarian cancers.
Oxysterols are hydroxylated derivatives of cholesterol that play important functions in lipid metabolism and, as signaling active and mutagenic compounds, received considerable attention in tumor biology . Excess brain cholesterol is hydroxylated mainly to 24S hydroxycholesterol  and secreted via the bloodbrain barrier into the circulation . Consequently oxysterols are able to interfere with tumor growth in a dual manner:  through regulation of the proinflammatory potential of immune cells by dampening the anti tumor response of dendritic cells in an liverXreceptor  dependent manner  or  by recruiting a population of  immune cells via LXR independent pathways  .
The endotoxin, Lipopolysaccharide , is a major component of the outer cell wall of Gram negative bacteria and is a potent inducer of inflammation. This results in augmentation of the host immune defense system and helps eliminate bacterial infection . Following infection with Gram negative bacteria, LPS, which forms a complex with LPS binding protein , binds to the TLR4 receptor complex consisting of the adaptor molecules  and Toll IL 1R domain containing adaptor protein , which then recruits cytoplasmic proteins IRAK1, IRAK4 and TRAF6.
The processes underlying coronary atherosclerosis and acute myocardial infarction  are complex and multifactorial. Notably, disruption of unstable atheromatous plaques may lead to exposing thrombogenic material to blood under high shear conditions and the formation of coronary thrombosis . Of critical importance, the rupture of a lipid laden, unstable plaque may stimulate thrombus formation in part by activating glycoprotein VI  , a platelet specific collagen receptor from the immunoglobulin superfamily .
Degeneration of the locus coeruleus  appears to precede substantia nigra pars compacta  and hippocampal damage in Parkinson’s disease  and Alzheimer’s disease , respectively . The SNpc and LC are vulnerable to neuroinflammation . Several aspects of early AD can be reproduced by chronic infusion of lipopolysaccharide  into the fourth ventricle of young rats .
The peptide, galanin , is known to have a stimulatory effect on food intake . This effect is strongest with GAL administration directly into the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus , where injection of a GAL receptor antagonist suppresses food intake . In addition to stimulating food intake, GAL also increases the consumption of ethanol .
Ovarian cancer is the leading cause of death from gynecological malignancy and is the fourth most frequent cause of death from cancer in women  mostly because of its late clinical manifestations and absence of screening methods for early detection. The majority of women who develop this cancer do not carry highly penetrant BRCA gene mutations; therefore, discovering common low penetrance gene mutations could be useful in detecting women at higher risk of ovarian cancer, allowing for an individualized approach to screening . There is evidence from experimental  and epidemiological studies  for a role of exogenous and endogenous estrogen in ovarian carcinogenesis.
Colorectal cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in the U.S. Regular CRC screening  is recommended beginning at age 50 for average risk adults. , Understanding individuals' perceptions of CRCS is important for developing effective interventions to increase adherence to screening guidelines.
Musculoskeletal foot disorders are common among older adults, with estimates suggesting that more than 60% may be affected. The prevalence of these disorders has been shown to vary by race,  and obesity,, , ,  with Caucasians more likely to have Tailor’s bunions than African Americans; among the non obese, African Americans are more likely to present with hallux valgus, hammer toes, and overlapping toes than Caucasians; among obese persons, a potentially lower prevalence of hallux valgus may occur compared to non obese persons. Foot disorders are associated with foot symptoms, impaired balance and fall risk, and disability,, , , ,  but their etiology is not well understood.
Carcinogenesis is a multiple step process involving the accumulation of multiple genetic and epigenetic changes that allows the clonal selection of progeny with growth and survival advantages . Oncogenes, once activated, can promote carcinogenesis by conferring certain selective growth advantages to the affected cell . In contrast, TSGs have tumor inhibitory functions that need to be inactivated for tumor growth.
KSHV is the etiologic agent of Kaposi’s sarcoma  . Like other herpesviruses, KSHV establishes a latent infection in infected cells but lytic replication can occur spontaneously or upon activation by various stimuli . One of these cellular factors is a KRAB containing zinc finger protein ZnF426 which we have identified previously; it interacts with the KSHV RTA, and was named KSHV RTA binding protein   .
Antiretroviral combination regimens of dual nucleoside/nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitors  plus either a protease inhibitor  or a non nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor  are preferentially used in treatment naïve human immunodeficiency virus  infected patients to achieve maximum durable anti viral activity. , The newer once daily fixed dose combinations of tenofovir/emtricitabine or lamivudine/abacavir are the preferred choices in industrialized countries because of dosing convenience and lower incidence of short and long term toxicities. , The pharmacokinetics of the antiretroviral drugs may depend on genetic polymorphisms of drug metabolizing enzymes or transporters, biological factors , drug drug interactions and/or drug formulation.
The neural ectoderm  forms on the dorsal side of the vertebrate embryo in response to factors secreted from the dorsal blastula center  and the Organizer that inhibit BMP signaling . As a result, several transcription factors  are co expressed in broad overlapping domains in the nascent NE . gem is expressed similar to the sox genes, but more intensely in the anterior rather than posterior neural plate.
Osteoporosis is a prevalent disorder characterized by low bone mineral density , deterioration of bone microarchitecture and increased incidence of fracture; and genetic factors account for 60 80% of total variability in BMD. Although candidate genes in the 5q33 35 interval were not identified, this region contains the gene for osteonectin/Sparc , one of the most abundant non collagenous extracellular matrix proteins in bone. In osteoblasts, osteonectin promotes commitment, differentiation, and survival.
Bacillus anthracis  is a virulent spore producing bacterium. The use of B. anthracis as a lethal biological weapon has provoked renewed research interest. Although there is a rapid movement to develop effective vaccines against B. anthracis, there is no effective vaccine .
Red blood cell transfusions are commonly indicated in veterinary medicine. Canine blood for transfusion is generally obtained from in house or community blood donors, or may be purchased from commercial blood banks. Thus, it is important to ensure that any red cells collected remain viable prior to and after transfusion, and to optimize delivery techniques to minimize complications and morbidity .
Prior to 1998, 1 bromopropane  was primarily used to manufacture pharmaceuticals, pesticides and other chemicals. Occupational exposure limits are not available at this time. However the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health  has estimated the levels of 1 BP in the breathing zones of workers in three plants where a spray adhesive containing 1 BP was used in the manufacturing of seat cushions for aircrafts or furniture.
Epstein Barr virus  is a successful pathogen that infects more than 90% of all adults in the world . It maintains its DNA as a licensed, extra chromosomal replicon. This viral replicon is present in clonally derived cells with a wide distribution of numbers of DNA molecules per cell .
A favorable cardiovascular disease  risk profile, based on traditional risk factors, is uncommon among adult Americans and is associated with low long term mortality rates and greater longevity. Among middle aged adults, low levels of major CVD risk factors   particularly lower cholesterol and blood pressure  and non use of cigarettes   confer marked reduction in the relative risk of both coronary heart disease  death and all cause mortality, and appear to increase longevity by up to 9 years. Subclinical vascular disease, such as increased carotid intimal medial thickness  and low ankle brachial index , predict future CVD events independently of traditional risk factors.
In species ranging from worms to non human primates, the lifespan of individuals is nearly always assessed in conditions where males and females are kept separate. Yet in the wild, the opposite sexes coexist, at least during attraction and mating. In flies and worms, the presence of males decreases longevity in the opposite sex .
Mitochondrial damage realized through superoxide dependent pathways plays a critical role in radiation injury to cells and tissues . These effects of superoxide and other superoxide derived reactive oxygen species on mitochondria may be realized immediately due to irradiation  induced radiolysis of water, as well as at later time during the mitochondrial stage of apoptotic response . Manganese superoxide dismutase  provides the first line of defense against superoxide overproduced in the mitochondria .
The Larmor frequency of a nucleus is affected by a number of factors including its intrinsic quantum energy levels determined by nuclear magnetic moment, chemical shifts caused by electronic shielding and magnetic coupling with the surrounding chemical environment. This induced magnetic moment will oppose the field for diamagnetic materials and be along the field for paramagnetic materials. Traditionally, off resonant frequency or image phase has been largely discarded due to its poor contrast and the perceived lack of meaningful information except for in a few cases such as phase contrast imaging where phase is specifically generated to measure flow velocity.
Mouse models have been instrumental in contributing to our understanding of how rare, inherited mutations can cause some human diseases. At present it is unclear whether common human genetic variations can be modeled phenotypically in the mouse . The allelic distribution of this common SNP varies in different ethnic backgrounds and geographical locations.
Melanin Concentrating Hormone  is a cyclic neuropeptide produced primarily in the lateral hypothalamus and zona incerta that activates one G protein coupled receptor in rodents, the Melanin Concentrating Hormone 1 receptor  . Studies have strongly indicated that MCH may regulate food intake , anxiety like behavior , depression like behavior , performance in learning and memory behavioral tests , and drug self administration  in rodents. MCH1R is expressed throughout the brain with particularly dense localization in the nucleus accumbens shell, hippocampus, amygdala, locus coeruleus and cerebral cortex  which suggests the receptor is involved in a wide range of physiological functions In 1997 Knigge et al reported that acute central injection of MCH inhibits pentylenetetrazol  induced seizures in both rats and guinea pigs , but this finding has not been further investigated.
Selective estrogen receptor modulators  are widely used in the clinic for the treatment and prevention of breast cancer, osteoporosis, and other indications in postmenopausal women . All SERMs and their active metabolites share common polyaromatic phenolic scaffolds that are redox active in vitro and in vivo . Formation of o quinones, quinone methides, and di quinone methides has been reported from the oxidative metabolism of SERMs .
Surveillance for hepatocellular carcinoma includes following patients with chronic hepatitis or liver cirrhosis every six to 12 months  and monitoring them with abdominal ultrasonography , serum alpha fetoprotein , and/or the protein induced by vitamin K absences  . Abdominal US has been described as highly user dependent . Although AFP determination is less costly compared to US , it is a non specific marker for HCC, especially among HCV cirrhotic patients.
TMS is a powerful tool that uses the principle of electromagnetic induction to alter neural activity in a localized brain area. The safe, noninvasive nature of this technique allows for study of normal brain function in humans . When delivered as single pulses that are carefully timed relative to stimulus delivery , it can serve as a tool for mental chronometry .
Parkinson’s disease  is characterized by progressive loss of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra , striatal dopamine depletion , and motor impairments . Evidence suggests that chronic inflammation , oxidative stress , and mitochondrial impairment  play important roles in PD neurodegeneration. It has been proposed that inflammation may be a driving factor in the progression of PD, especially since PD patients have increased proinflammatory molecules in their Cerebrospinal fluid and brain tissue , and activated microglia are found clustered throughout the SN  .
In 2014, it is estimated melanoma will contribute to 76,100 new cancer diagnoses and 9,710 deaths in the United States . Advanced melanoma presents a significant therapeutic challenge to clinicians. The cytokine interleukin 2  is also used to treat advanced melanoma, however, the response rate is only 6% to 10% and it too is associated with significant toxicities.
Hemoglobinopathies are characterized by oxidant damage due to increased resting oxygen consumption and circulating prooxidative free hemoglobin . In sickle cell disease , Hgb S is unstable and generates free radicals which damage cellular enzymes and membrane lipids . A similar finding has been shown in nontransfused thalassemia patients, due to the toxic effect of unpaired globin chains on the membrane .
Obesity is prevalent and can have significant negative impacts on health . In the United States, more than one third of adults are currently considered obese , and obesity contributes to 5 to 15% of deaths each year . Anabolic androgenic steroids, such as testosterone, can regulate body weight.
Antibody producing B cells are divided into B 1 and B 2 cells . In contrast, B 1 cells are T cell independent and produce natural autoantibodies  of the IgM isotype. They are phenotypically IgMhiIgDloCD23− B220lo and are subdivided based on expression of CD5  into B 1a  and B 1b  .
The embryonic vascular network initially forms de novo through the differentiation of ECs from mesodermal precursors and their assembly into a primitive plexus . Subsequently, these EC networks coalesce and are remodeled, giving rise to a series of mature vessels . Failure of this process leads to early embryonic lethality  .
Organophosphate  pesticides represent nearly half of worldwide insecticide use  but are undergoing increased scrutiny because of their propensity to elicit developmental neurotoxicity at levels that are below the threshold for acute signs of exposure, and even doses lower than those required for cholinesterase inhibition, the mechanism that is typically used for biomonitoring . Recent data point to dysregulation of cell signaling cascades as one of the critical targets that contribute to the adverse outcomes seen at lower exposures . Chief among these is the pathway that generates cyclic AMP, a critical second messenger that mediates numerous neurotransmitter and hormonal receptor signals; these are linked to the generation of cyclic AMP through G proteins that regulate adenylyl cyclase , the enzyme that synthesizes cyclic AMP from ATP .
Tobacco use remains the leading preventable cause of death in the US and globally. Between 2000 and 2011, the consumption of cigarettes in the U.S. decreased 33%. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  warns that the decrease in cigarette use is being “offset by increases in other forms of tobacco”.
The expanding obesity epidemic in the United States has negative repercussions for the reproductive health of both men and women. Overweight women experience more menstrual cycle abnormalities, anovulation, infertility, and fetal loss than their normal weight counterparts. Decreased levels of sex steroids and altered pulsatile gonadotropin secretion have also been observed in obese women.
The dystrophin glycoprotein complex  is a transmembrane molecular bridge that links cytoskeletal F actin with the extracellular matrix protein laminin 2 and localizes many signaling proteins within muscle cells, including vascular smooth muscle. Genetic defects that compromise the DGC have been implicated in muscular dystrophies   progressive muscle disorders characterized by skeletal muscle weakness and wasting that affect approximately 250,000 people in the United States alone. Whereas defects of the DGC are well studied in skeletal muscle, less is known about the role of this complex in vascular smooth muscle.
In Xenopus, the endoderm is derived from the vegetal hemisphere, and much is now understood about how the endodermal germ layer is formed and how regional specification of the endoderm is regulated . Yet the relationship between specification, differentiation and proliferation of the various endodermal organs at later stages is unclear . Although much is known about cell cycle regulation during early Xenopus development, how differentiation is coupled to the cell cycle at tail bud and tadpole stages is unknown .
Melatonin, an indoleamine neurohormone produced and released by the pineal gland, is an important regulator of vertebrate circadian rhythms and seasonal processes . Similarly, pinealectomized sheep, short day breeders, can be reproductively induced if given melatonin infusions mimicking shorter days . Melatonin also appears to be involved in songbird seasonal reproduction, playing a role in the seasonal regulation of song nuclei volume.
The growing literature on coparenting  represents an effort on the part of family researchers to operationalize and study evolving whole family dynamics. Coparenting refers to the transactions occurring between two adults as they work together to rear a child or children for whom they share responsibility. The coparenting construct may be viewed as a specific form of triadic  or higher level family process, in that all the interactions it comprises pertain to the partners’ child and their shared connection to that child.
Little has been published about the ano genital injury related to consensual sexual intercourse. Others have studied genital injury as a naturally occurring event in samples of healthy women. , had the largest sample  of sexually active women.
Trunk instability may be one of the primary contributing factors to loss of upper extremity function and predisposition to injury or other chronic health problems after cervical SCI. Muscle imbalance and lack of trunk control is a contributing factor to the development of shoulder pain and rotator cuff injuries. Trunk instability can also limit the ability to perform essential transfers, propel a manual wheelchair, reach and manipulate objects in space, and resist disturbances to prevent falls.
Defects in valvuloseptal morphogenesis are among the most common and serious of all congenital heart defects . About one fourth of patients with congenital heart disease have structural anomalies of one or more heart valves . Bone morphogenetic protein  is a member of the transforming growth factor  superfamily proteins.
PED, known also as PED/PEA 15, is a Death Effector Domain  family member of 15 kDa having a variety of effects on cell growth and metabolism . PED is present in the cells in either an unphosphorylated or a phosphorylated form. Interestingly, PED may interact with ERK1/2 only in its unphosphorylated form and it is associated to an increased ERK 1/2 phosphorylation .
Programs to prevent mother to child HIV 1 transmission  have averted thousands of new HIV 1 infections worldwide. Present rates of vertical transmission in women with sustained access to triple drug antiretroviral therapy , perinatal zidovudine treatment, elective C sections, and alternatives to breast feeding are extremely low. Even a simplified approach based on the intrapartum and neonatal administration of a single dose of nevirapine with or without zidovudine, lamivudine or tenofovir has reduced MTCT in resource poor areas.
The disablement process represents a distinct phase in the life of many elderly persons. Functional limitation is associated with loss of independence and with increased need for both formal and informal care . Estimates of elderly persons with functional limitation are therefore vital for developing policies on aging that address provision of care, either from formal or informal sources.
Interstitial Cystitis/Bladder Pain Syndrome  is a debilitating chronic condition associated with urinary symptoms including urgency, frequency, nocturia and pelvic pain. Few patients achieve long term remission of symptoms despite a range of treatments . A substantial body of research has explored bladder pathology and other peripheral tissue abnormalities, however, a large number of IC/BPS patients lack any discernible end organ inflammation, and do not respond to treatment of peripheral tissues  .
Statins are agents with potent cholesterol reducing properties, resulting from their abilities to block HMG CoA reductase activity and to inhibit mevalonate synthesis . As their administration results in rapid lowering of plasma LDL cholesterol levels, statins are used extensively in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and coronary artery disease  in humans . There has been extensive previous work documenting that statins exhibit antileukemic properties in vitro .
Observation of spontaneous antitumoral T cell response in melanoma patients led to the identification of tumor associated antigens . Drugs that target these antigens are becoming a first line treatment for some cancer types . The efficacy of such drugs has prompted efforts to develop additional antibody agents that elicit ADCC, or deliver toxin moieties to the cancerous cells.
The development and progression of cancer are the result of sequential genetic and biological events, including loss of tumor suppressor genes and gain of function in proto oncogenes. Mounting evidence indicates that nuclear factor κB  is a critical mediator in many of these processes through transcriptional regulation of several hundred downstream genes, the products of which promote the malignant phenotype  . Cell stimulation transiently activates the IκB kinase  complex, which is composed of two catalytic subunits  and a regulatory subunit .
Aromatase inhibitors  such as letrozole and anastrozole that reduce estrogen production have now been shown to be more effective than antiestrogen  tamoxifen in estrogen receptor positive  breast cancer patients and have few side effects. Nevertheless, not all patients respond and resistance to treatment may eventually occur in others. We have previously reported that during treatment with letrozole, MCF 7Ca xenografts up regulate Her 2 and proteins in the downstream MAPK signaling pathway .
Hypoxia is a common etiology of cell injury in human disease, including stroke, myocardial infarction, and solid tumors. The discovery of HIF opened new horizons for the treatment of ischemia and cancer: upregulation of HIF levels has been shown to be beneficial for ischemic diseases, stem cell proliferation , and transplantation , whereas downregulation of elevated HIF, a marker of most aggressive cancers, represents a new approach for cancer treatment . HIF consists of two subunits, HIF 1α and HIF 1β; HIF 1α is rapidly degraded under normoxic conditions, whereas HIF 1β is stable .
Growth and development of the long bones of the skeleton is a complex, multi step, precisely timed and spatially organized process regulated by several genetic, endocrine and mechanical programs. In this process, chondrocytes become arranged in columns parallel to the longitudinal axis of the long bones and differentiate, forming histologically distinct zones. Next is a zone of proliferation in which cells only divide with cleavage planes perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of the long bone, hence the length of the column of cells increases .
Many biological functions of proteins are related to their large scale domain motions. takes into account the directionality of fluctuations and their anisotropy, measured by semi axes of ellipsoids representing the fluctuations. applied GNM and ANM to study global motions in the ribosome, and independently observed a similar ratchet like motion in the 70S ribosome in agreement with experimental data .
In mammalian retina, cones—the photoreceptors that mediate daylight vision—signal to ganglion cells  through ~12 types of cone bipolar  cells . ON CBs and OFF CBs are depolarized by increments and decrements in light intensity, and contact ON and OFF GCs, respectively. By contrast, rods—the photoreceptors that mediate night vision—signal to GCs by three distinct pathways, all of which “piggyback” on the cone circuitry  .
Satellite cells are tissue specific stem cells that are responsible for skeletal muscle growth and repair. In response to injury, satellite cells enter the cell cycle, activate expression of muscle regulatory factors  such as MyoD and Myf 5, and execute the myogenic program, eventually restoring muscle structure and function . Indeed, until recently, satellite cells were widely believed to derive from the fetal myoblast pool, becoming anatomically and functionally partitioned during late fetal development in the chick and mouse .
Loss of function mutations of the Phosphatase and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10  tumor suppressor gene occur in 545% of human cancers , with reduced PTEN protein found in 3148% of breast cancers . The main tumor suppressive action of PTEN is its lipid phosphatase activity to antagonize phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase  by dephosphorylating its product, phosphatidylinositol  trisphosphate , resulting in inhibition of the serine/threonine kinase AKT and other pleckstrin homology domain containing proteins which modulate cell growth, survival, and angiogenesis. Two thirds of breast cancers express estrogen receptor α , which drives breast cancer cell growth.
Microtubules are involved in many cellular functions, including mitosis, intracellular transport, determination of cell morphology, and differentiation ; ). In mammals, there are seven well established β tubulin isotypes, referred to as βI, βII, βIII, βIVa, βIVb, βV, and βVI . The precise functions of all of the isotypes have yet to be determined .
Aberrant DNA methylation occurs in nearly all tumor types and likely plays a causal role in carcinogenesis . Relative to their normal counterparts, tumor cells generally exhibit a redistribution of DNA methylation, resulting in a pattern of global hypomethylation with regional hypermethylation . DNA hypermethylation is typically associated with the promoter regions of genes or clusters of genes .
Clarification of the molecular pathophysiology of psychosis based on disordered dopaminergic and glutamatergic neurotransmissions  is a current research priority for a significant number of biomedical scientists, since dopamine stimulants amphetamine  and methamphetamine  and the N methyl D aspartate  receptor antagonists ketamine  and phencyclidine  are known to evoke psychotic manifestations resembling those of schizophrenia. The vast majority of efficacious antipsychotics are also aimed at blockage of central dopamine D2 receptors . Another avenue toward antipsychotic modulation of neurotransmissions has also been offered by a selective agonist for metabotropic glutamate  2/3 receptors .
Appl proteins are membrane bound adaptors that interact with many signaling molecules involved in a variety of signal transduction pathways. Appl proteins contain an N terminal Bar domain, a PH domain, and a C terminal PTB domain . Subsequently, Appl1 was found to bind to TrkA in neuronal cells to promote nerve growth factor signaling to ERK and Akt .
Loss of muscle strength and increasing mobility impairment are common with age and are associated with significant morbidity and mortality . Thus efforts to intervene and modify the course of age related motor decline are a growing public health concern in our aging population. Physical activity is well known to have beneficial effects on mobility, and it is widely thought that one of the ways which physical activity may benefit mobility in the elderly is through its effects on lower extremity muscle structure and function.
Clinicians often assume that observations of pain behavior are adequate for assessment of patient pain perception during procedures. This has not been tested during a standardized electrodiagnostic experience . During a prospective trial including extensive, standardized electrodiagnostic testing on persons with lumbar stenosis, vascular claudication, and asymptomatic volunteers, the subjects and an observer rated levels of pain .
Glucocorticoids are used extensively to treat diverse diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, asthma, and lymphoid malignancies, and as antiemetic, anti inflammatory, and anticancer agents. There is increasing concern regarding the long term complications of glucocorticoids, such as osteonecrosis. There is considerable interest in identifying which patients are at highest risk for osteonecrosis, with the long term goal of modifying regimens to decrease the risk of adverse effects of therapy .
APP is an integral type I membrane protein highly expressed in the central nervous system . APP mutation and gene duplication are causal for a subset of early onset familial Alzheimer’s disease  cases . APP processing generates β amyloid  peptides, which are the principal components of amyloid plaques.
Although voluntary coughing is a basic human respiratory behavior, its functional neuroanatomical correlates have rarely been investigated . One reason for this may be that overt coughing results in head movements, which is problematic for brain imaging methods such as functional magnetic resonance imaging . An alternative approach is to use motor imagery , i.e. the internal simulation without overt movement , of voluntary coughing.
Determining daily energy requirements to help guide weight control involves all components of Total Energy Expenditure : Resting Energy Expenditure , Physical Activity Energy Expenditure , and the Thermogenic Effect of Food . However, precise measurement of TEE mandates sophisticated equipment not readily available outside research or clinical settings . These equations consider factors such as weight, height, age, and gender.
Urinary bladder cancer is an important health concern in developed countries, particularly for men, among whom incidence is 35 times greater than in women . In the United States, bladder cancer is the fourth most common cancer diagnosed among men, and the eighth leading cause of cancer death . Dietary factors, including intake of fruits and vegetables, red meat, and micronutrients such as vitamins A, C, and E are hypothesized to influence bladder cancer risk, but evidence remains inconclusive  .
Obesity is now considered epidemic in the U.S.  Its prevalence has increased among most racial and ethnic groups, but an excess of obesity among Black women has been apparent for several decades. , National data from 20032004 indicate that 81.6% of Black women age 20 and older were overweight or obese, which may contribute to the marked health disparities between Black and White women. Diet may contribute to an increased prevalence of obesity and chronic diseases in Black Americans.
Necrotizing enterocolitis  is an acquired gastrointestinal disease which primarily affects premature babies. It is the most common gastrointestinal emergency in the newborn and may lead to death in severely affected infants. Mortality has been reported to range from 928% .
Diabetes is a rapidly growing global health problem  and peripheral neuropathy is the most common complication of diabetes, affecting up to 60% of long standing diabetic patients . Previously, our group has shown that experimental DN is characterized by reduced blood flow in the nerves and destruction of vasa nervorum. Interestingly, growing evidence demonstrates that many classical angiogenic factors have neurotrophic activities and many neurotrophic factors have angiogenic effects .
Bacterial conjugation is the direct transfer of genetic material between bacterial cells through temporary cell to cell contact. Bacteria acquire resistance to antibiotics by the conjugative transfer of plasmids or transposable elements . Interestingly, the mobilization plasmids are exceptionally promiscuous, in that they can be transferred into a very diverse range of organisms including yeast, plant, and animal cells .
The nucleus tractus solitarii  plays an important role in central regulation of cardiovascular, digestive, gustatory, and respiratory functions . Many potential neurotransmitters are present in the NTS, and some of them are implicated in modulating these functions . Recently, gene transfer using replication deficient recombinant viral vectors to up  or down regulate neurotransmitters has been used to examine the role of putative neurotransmitters in the NTS .
Proteins are neither rigid bodies nor they act like nuts and bolts to execute their biological functions. In what has come to be known as allostery, proteins have evolved to become highly flexible molecules in a manner akin to the very living bodies that they energize. Fast forward to more than half a century later and our understanding of such allosteric binding of ligands to proteins remains largely elusive and, in particular, continues to be under appreciated.
Infections have long been known to complicate care in patients following traumatic injury frequently leading to excess morbidity and mortality., In no setting is this more well recognized than the challenging environment of combat casualty care. During the current military conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, Operations Iraqi and Enduring Freedom , major advances resulting in increased survival among wounded personnel have been observed. These include enhanced training of medics, forward deployment of surgical assets, rapid medical evacuation, and improvements in body armor.
Children and adolescents with systemic lupus erythemetosus  frequently develop lupus nephritis , with approximately 50% showing evidence of kidney involvement. Presence of proliferative LN, defined as ISN/RPS class III or IV, and failure to attain remission of juvenile LN are risk factors for the development of chronic kidney disease and poor outcomes. Treatment of proliferative LN with conventional first line immunosuppressive agents such as cyclophosphamide  or mycophenolate  is not effective for a significant percentage of patients with juvenile SLE, with reported failure rates for induction treatment ranging from 10% to 43%., This study is the first comparison of response rates for M+PLN versus PLN in juvenile LN.
In 2009 in the United States approximately 66,000 newly diagnosed cases and 19,500 deaths from NHL are expected. Few risk factors for NHL have been identified to explain the increase in NHL incidence since the 1970s. The literature on risk of NHL and environmental exposures, including viral, chemical, lifestyle and occupational, has identified few etiologic factors with no occupational exposures, including solvents, have been conclusively established as causal factors.
Notch is a major metazoan signaling pathway and key regulator of retinal neurogenesis . The Notch pathway transmits multiple types of signals. The classic, canonical pathway: Delta => Notch => Rbpj => Hes/E, is widely employed during neuronal and glial development  .
The dopaminergic  D3R is classified as a member of the D2 like family of dopamine receptors based on its close sequence homology to the DA D2R . In addition to the paucity of selective agonist and antagonist ligands, studies of the in vivo pharmacology of putative DA D3R ligands have been hindered by a lack of functional assays that are uniquely and selectively responsive to actions at DA D3 receptors. Several in vivo effects have been suggested as functional consequences of DA D3R activity.
Long chain omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids  such as EPA and DHA have been shown to possess beneficial health effects, and it is believed that many of their effects are mediated by their oxygenated products . Recently, we have shown that serum levels of several hydroxy, epoxy, and dihydroxy FAs are dependent on the individual status of the parent FAs in a cohort of normo  and hyperlipidemic subjects. So far, the effect of an increased dietary LC n 3 PUFA intake on hydroxy, epoxy, and dihydroxy FA levels has not been investigated in subjects with mild combined hyperlipidemia .
ENaC is the rate limiting step for Na+ absorption in the airways. For example, hyperabsorption of Na+ through ENaC has been proposed as an initiating event in cystic fibrosis  lung disease. , Furthermore, Na+ hyperabsorption, volume depletion, and inflammation have recently been demonstrated in transgenic mice overexpressing ENaC, thus directly linking ENaC and the initiation of chronic lung disease.
Encouraging sustained highly active antiretroviral therapy  adherence has inspired a multitude of behavioral and cognitive interventions that have relied heavily on the transtheoretical model  as a framework. The purpose of this paper was to investigate the critical role that self reevaluation, one of the TTM processes of change, played in sustaining viral load improvement at 6 months for HIV+ individuals currently using HAART and classified as hazardous drinkers. The focus on self reevaluation as the process of change of interest is situated in the fact that it is the cognitive reappraisal of the extent to which a behavior change is part of one’s identity and this immensely introspective process is often credited with being the critical motivator to increase someone’s readiness for change .
Carcinoma of the Prostate  is the most commonly diagnosed cancer and the second leading cause of cancer related death in American males with 238,590 new cases and 29,720 deaths from prostate cancer expected in the United States in 2013. Current therapies  while successful for treating localized prostate cancer are of limited efficacy against metastatic disease . Androgen deprivation therapy produces objective responses; however, responses are temporary and the disease eventually progresses to hormone refractory disease .
IL6 is a pleiotropic pro inflammatory and immunomodulatory cytokine secreted by airway epithelial cells, alveolar macrophages, adipocytes and myocytes as well as other tissues and cells. , The potential importance of IL6 in the pathogenesis of COPD is suggested by studies showing that high levels of serum or sputum IL6 are associated with impaired lung function or a faster decline in lung function. , IL6 has been related to skeletal muscle weakness in COPD as well as to exacerbations and pulmonary infections in COPD patients.
Lung cancer is the leading cancer related cause of death in the United States, with non small cell lung cancers  accounting for 90% of all lung derived tumors . Detectable or increased plasma concentrations of PTHrP have been found in over 80% of hypercalcemic patients with solid tumors, although the precise molecular mechanisms that activate PTHrP gene expression in these tumors are unknown . Lung SCC cells trigger lytic bone metastases which is speculated to be driven in part by production of PTHrP by the tumor cells .
Dysregulation of translation initiation is frequent in malignancy . When constitutively activated, eIF4E confers cells with cancer hallmark capabilities . Particularly vexing is the role of eIF4E dysfunction in cancer incidence.
The development of a typical polarized neuron, composed of one long axon and several branching dendrites, requires the action of two interrelated processes, neurite outgrowth and specification of the axon. The initial signals and pathways that determine polarity are beginning to be understood. Subsequently, phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase  and its product, PIP3, accumulate in the distal region and growth cone of that neurite, together with the IGF 1 receptor.
There is substantial evidence that stresses inducing maladaptive cardiac growth  modify sarcomeric response to Ca2+ by mechanisms involving the protein kinase C  signaling cascade. Pseudo phosphorylation of these sites has also been reported to stabilize an inactive state of actin . Moreover, we  recently reported evidence that with oxidative stress, PKCδ switches its substrate preferences from S23/S24  to T144.
Neuregulin 1  is a pleiotropic growth factor of the epidermal growth factor family. It has been investigated extensively with regard to its roles in neuronal and glial development . Most of these studies have focused on the peripheral nervous system, and on early developmental events, but more recently its roles in the brain, and in ongoing aspects of plasticity and function, have come under scrutiny.
Interleukin 7  has a wide range of biological activities including a critical role in T cell development, as well as roles in hematopoiesis and in post developmental immune functions . Unlike in the mouse, IL 7 is not required for human B cell development. IL 7 plays a critical and non redundant role in maintaining peripheral T cell homeostasis and is considered a prototypic homeostatic cytokine.
Current approaches to antineoplastic gene therapy have been hampered by suboptimal delivery of therapeutic genes to tumor tissues, as well as inadequate strength, specificity and duration of expression. A potential source of such elements is growth factor genes, which are often overexpressed in human cancers. The genes encoding platelet derived growth factor  ligands represent promising candidates in light of their marked overexpression in a multitude of human cancer cell types,  and the critical oncogenic stimuli they generate via autocrine and paracrine growth loop activity.
Older persons with multiple chronic conditions are at substantial risk for unintended adverse outcomes, such as medication adverse events. Less severe adverse events are commonly referred to as “side effects,” implying that they are secondary to disease specific benefits. However, patients consider these adverse events to be important outcomes in their own right.
Arachidonic acid  is metabolized by cytochrome P450  enzymes to 20 hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid  and epoxyeicosatrienoic acids  in the heart, brain, lung, kidney and peripheral blood vessels . 20 HETE is a potent constrictor of renal, cerebral and mesenteric arterioles and small coronary arteries and it plays an important role in the regulation of vascular tone in these vascular beds . Similarly, inhibitors of the formation of 20 HETE markedly reduce infarct size in the brain following transient occlusion and reperfusion of the middle cerebral artery .
If a caregiver does not have access to a refrigerator, the South African National Department of Health advises that stavudine adult capsule formulations be employed using the off label ‘opened capsule’ dosing method. The accuracy of this dosing method has not previously been validated . We evaluated 10 Zerit , 5 Stavudine , and 5 Stavir  capsules.
Hypoxia ischemia  brain injury of the immature brain causes motor, learning and mental disabilities in surviving children,. Most cases of newborn H I encephalopathy occur during the antenatal period. Currently, there is an insufficient understanding of the pathogenic H I mechanisms in the fetal brain .
Choline is important for the structural integrity of cell membranes, methyl metabolism, cholinergic neurotransmission, transmembrane signaling, and lipid and cholesterol transport and metabolism, because it is a precursor for acetylcholine, phospholipids, and the methyl donor betaine . Like folate, once choline is oxidized to betaine, it can provide one carbon units in the conversion of homocysteine to methionine, generating S adenosylmethionine , the universal methyl donor  . Despite the role of choline and betaine as methyl donors in the one carbon metabolism, few studies have examined the associations between choline or betaine intake and cancer risk , partly due to lack of choline and betaine food composition tables until recently .
The zinc finger protein KLF4/GKLF functions as a transcription factor to regulate cell fate and differentiation. KLF4 is prominently expressed in the post mitotic, differentiating cells of epithelia including the skin and gut. KLF4 deficient mice die from dehydration shortly after birth, a consequence of a defective cutaneous water permeability barrier.
Experience shapes neural circuitry during developmental critical periods . Thus, cognitive ability is weakened enduringly by adverse environments , motor maps reflect early musical training , native speech sounds sculpt phonemic perception , and sight strengthens the acuity and connectivity of the two eyes in the primary visual cortex. Imbalanced input  during this period results in a permanent loss of vision for that eye , a pathological condition known as amblyopia affecting 2 4% of the human population.
Several lines of research suggest that brain derived neurotrophic factor  is linked to neurobiological and behavioral changes associated with depression . Further, circulating levels of BDNF are reported to be lower in depressed patients compared to controls  and increase significantly with antidepressant treatment . These findings support the neurotrophic hypothesis of depression , and the view that peripheral BDNF concentration is a biomarker for depressive states and recovery  .
Myocardial ischemic injury is attenuated in hearts subjected to brief bouts of ischemia before the onset of sustained ischemia . Both early and delayed phases of ischemic PC have been described. The early phase occurs immediately after the PC stimulus but disappears within 12 h. The protective effects of early PC have been attributed to post translational modification of proteins, particularly kinase mediated protein phosphorylation events.
Granulocyte colony stimulating factor  is a hormone like glycoprotein that regulates haematopoietic cell proliferation and differentiation, and activates cells from the neutrophilic granulocyte lineage. Bacterial endotoxins, or secondary mediators induced during infections, like tumour necrosis factor α , interleukin  1, and interferon γ , are major stimulators of G CSF production in vivo. G CSF mediated biological actions are mediated by binding to a specific cell surface receptor, G CSFR, which is found on hematopoietic and non hematopoietic cells, including myeloid progenitor cells, mature neutrophils, platelets, monocytes, endothelial cells  and adult mouse cardiomyocytes.
Cochlear implants  rely on the tonotopic organization of the cochlea to provide frequency information. Each intracochlear electrode is stimulated in response to energy from a certain frequency band, with more basal electrodes being associated with higher frequencies. The table that maps acoustic frequency into different electrodes along the array is known as the Frequency Allocation Table .
Apomixis, a mode of reproduction via asexually formed seed , has often been thought to be advantageous for colonization because of the potential for uniparental reproduction . Sexual diploid relatives of apomicts are generally SI ; exceptions have been reported in some early diverging sexual species of Taraxacum . SC of apomicts has been frequently observed in Rosaceae  but has been studied only for few apomictic complexes of other plant families  .
The transition to parenthood is one of the most crucial periods in family life. The experience of delivering and caring for a newborn can introduce stressors into the couple‘s relationship ranging from handling key parental and household duties to the financial concerns of raising a child. Because this life phase is often stressful for couples, many have advocated for intervention and prevention programs to help ease the transition to parenthood .
The programmed death 1  receptor and its ligands, PD L1  and PD L2  have been recently characterized . PD 1 is induced on peripheral T cells, B cells and myeloid cells upon activation. B7 H1 is widely expressed on resting cells and up regulated on activated B, T, myeloid, dendritic cells and many tissue cells of non lymphoid organs, including the liver, whereas B7 DC is expressed exclusively on dendritic cells and monocytes.
Necrosis may be the most common mode of neuronal death in many diseases including stroke, trauma and seizures, but it has received far less investigative attention than apoptosis . In primary cultures or isolated preparations, mild and/or brief exposure to an excitotoxic insult may induce neuronal death that has features of apoptosis . However, these experimental parameters do not mimic pathological conditions associated with severe and prolonged excitotoxic insults.
Claudication is a symptom of peripheral arterial disease , and is associated with elevated rates of mortality  and morbidity. Claudication afflicts 5% of the US population older than 55 years of age and occurs during ambulation when the peripheral circulation is inadequate to meet the metabolic requirement of the active leg musculature. Thus, intermittent claudication impairs ambulation, and reduces daily physical activity.
Mathematical models of sexually transmitted infections  serve a number of purposes. Several modellers have attempted to demonstrate the veracity of their models by showing that the model outputs are consistent with observed levels of STI prevalence in the population being modelled. Demonstration of similarity between model estimates and observations therefore does not guarantee that all model outputs are realistic, nor does dissimilarity between model estimates and observations necessarily imply that model outputs are unrealistic .
From birth, children are surrounded by information that communicates the beliefs and behaviors that are considered appropriate for each gender group. In fact, recent research suggests that even before 30 months of age, some children understand concrete gender stereotypes, such as toys associated with girls and boys . More recently, researchers have recognized the importance of assessing multiple domains  when studying the development of gender constructs .
Parkinson’s disease  is a progressive neurological disorder characterized by abnormal posture, bradykinesia, rigidity, akinesia and resting tremor. Although the vast majority of affected patients have no clear causative factors, both genetic and environmental influences have been implicated . Several epidemiological studies  have shown an association between pesticide exposure and increased risk of developing PD.
Cyclooxygenases  catalyze the rate limiting step in the production of prostaglandins  from arachnoic acid. COX 1 is a constitutively active housekeeping enzyme expressed at low levels in most tissues and acts as a housekeeping regulator of gastric and renal homeostasis . COX 2 is the inducible isoform activated, amongst others, by inflammatory cytokines, oncogenes, growth factors and UV radiation .
Viruses of the order Mononegavirales include diverse human, animal and plant pathogens that share structurally similar nonsegmented, negative strand RNA genomes with similar strategies for viral RNA genome replication, transcription and posttranscriptional modifications of viral mRNAs . All members of this order encode the large  polymerase protein which has six highly conserved regions  postulated to be responsible for the specific enzymatic activities of the viral polymerase complex which include viral genome replication, transcription, mRNA 5′ capping, cap methylation and 3′ polyadenylation. The caps are required for mRNA stability, and cap methylation, especially at G N 7 position, is required for efficient mRNA translation .
Systemic lupus erythematosus  is a chronic autoimmune disease that is characterized by the production of antinuclear antibodies directed against a variety of autoantigens. The disease can involve multiple organs and organ systems, including the kidneys, skin, and blood elements. Immune system abnormalities are considered to be of central importance to the pathogenesis of SLE.
The danger of cancer is organ failure caused by metastatic tumors that are derived from the primary tumor . One critical step in tumor metastasis is adhesion of primary tumor cells to the endothelium forming the microvascular wall in distant organs . Understanding this step may lead to new therapeutic concepts for tumor metastasis targeting tumor cell arrest and adhesion in the microcirculation.
HIV infected persons are experiencing increasing life spans since the era of highly active antiretroviral therapy , . Some studies have suggested that HIV related factors, rather than traditional risk factors , may be more important in the pathogenesis of clot formation among this population,  . HIV patients may be at particular risk of thromboses by several mechanisms.
Metal and nucleic acid interaction has been a fascinating field of study with potential for advancement of both basic coordination chemistry and structural biology, and practical biotechnological and pharmaceutical applications. A number of protein enzymes that utilize monovalent ion are known, and high concentrations of monovalent ions have been known to replace divalent ions in simple nucleic acid chemistry, such as hydrolysis of ATP. More interestingly, although divalent metal ions are the most efficient co factors for catalysis in nucleic acid enzymes, recent studies suggest that the naturally occurring ribozymes such as the hairpin, hammerhead,,, Hepatitis Delta Virus ,, Varkud Satellite , and glmS ribozymes as well as some in vitro selected ribozymes and DNAzymes can promote catalysis in the presence of monovalent ions, such as Li+, Na+, and K+.
Infection of Escherichia coli by bacteriophage T7 has been extensively studied . The remaining DNA is brought in by transcription, first by E. coli and then by T7 RNAp. The leading ~2.5% of the genome, corresponding to the genetic left end, contains four early promoters recognized by the host σ70 RNAp holoenzyme .
More than two thirds of the global population is proficient in more than one language, yet we do not understand how the brain organizes and processes multiple lexicons. Furthermore, the conditions under which L2 recruits additional regions during this early time period are not well characterized . Later lexico semantic processing stages have been studied more extensively in bilingual populations.
ANF RGC is the prototype mammalian membrane guanylate cyclase  whose discovery demonstrated that the membrane guanylate cyclases belong to the surface receptor family, ANF RGC being the receptor of ANF and BNP . Therefore, as of today, there is evidence that two members of the Ca2+ modulated membrane guanylate cyclase subfamily are also regulated by signals directed toward their extracellular domains . In their functional forms, they are all homo dimeric.
The peroxisome proliferator activator receptors are ligand activated nuclear receptors that include PPARα, PPARγ and PPARδ . Viral transduction of the murine liver with PPARγ induces hepatic steatosis . Understanding the role of this receptor, including its possible role in cancer, is therefore important.
ARF BP1, previously called MULE and HUWE1, is a member of the HECHT type E3 family of ligases and was initially found to have a crucial role in cancer. Subsequent studies showed that it contributed to fine tuning of the balance of mechanisms governing proliferation and apoptosis in neuronal cells. This concept has been reinforced and extended by more recent studies using conditional alleles of ARF BP1 that identified critical roles in novel molecular networks governing cellular homeostasis in pancreatic β cells and B lymphocytes.
Central to adaptive brain function is the ability to recruit appropriate brain regions for the task at hand. Nevertheless, the extent to which functional systems related to task performance are predefined remains poorly understood. The Eriksen Flanker Task is commonly used to probe attention and has well characterized activation patterns .
Human papillomavirus , a sexually transmitted virus, is the central etiologic agent in the development of cervical cancer and precancerous cervical lesions. Most cervical HPV infections, however, including those with oncogenic HPV types, resolve spontaneously within two years. While much has been learned regarding the natural history of HPV, there is currently a growing focus on type specific HPV associations rather than data grouped by broad categories , which was common in the past.
Assessing success of surgery for nasal airway obstruction  can be a challenge. The clinical diagnosis of NAO is based on the patient’s subjective feeling, exam findings, and the surgeon’s assessment. Treatment is focused on the anatomic source of obstruction as determined by the surgeon, but the ultimate judge of a successful treatment is the patient’s reported relief from the sense of obstruction.
Nanoparticles are being investigated for a variety of biomedical applications including imaging, gene transfer, immune system activation, and targeted drug delivery. It also may interfere with other desired surface functionalization. There is interest in developing nanoparticles that bind the cell surface transferrin receptor  overexpressed in cancer cells., Iron containing transferrin, known as holo transferrin , is taken into the cell by a transferrin receptor mediated pathway., , This relied on the well known ability of living systems to extract iron from their environment.
Tissue engineering and gene delivery can be combined to create a controllable microenvironment with structural and biological cues that lead to tissue formation . The pore size and structure of a scaffold can be designed to physically orient and organize cells into complex architectures, such as those observed in the nervous and vascular systems. The functional spinal tracts, such as the corticospinal and rubrospinal motor tracts, require different neurotrophins for maximal regeneration .
Peer relationships play an important role in children’s development . A less common approach has been to consider mutual dislike dyads , a potentially important dimension of peer relationships  . These dyads may, at times, be marked by high levels of conflict .
Tuberous sclerosis complex  is an autosomal dominant neurocutaneous syndrome of high penetrance, characterized by a highly variable phenotype and the development of multiple hamartomas at various sites throughout the body . Approximately 60 to 70% of TSC cases are sporadic, reflecting a high spontaneous mutation rate in the two genes, TSC1 and TSC2  . More than 1,500 mutations and more than 800 unique mutations have been identified in TSC1 and TSC2 combined.
African Americans are disproportionately affected by HIV and other sexually transmitted infections . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , African Americans account for approximately half of Chlamydia and syphilis cases and 75 % of Gonorrhea cases . Therefore, it is pertinent to examine and understand factors associated with STIs among African American women in order to decrease the risk of HIV/STIs in this population.
The obesity epidemic represents an emerging public health crisis  because obesity promotes the development of various diseases, such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, that greatly increase mortality . Insulin resistance is a key metabolic feature that often precedes the development of type 2 diabetes. Body weight reduction improves metabolic status and decreases the risk of diabetes , but weight control is difficult for most patients.
Selective visual attention reflects a set of operations that enables individuals to differentially process stimuli based on task relevance, thereby conserving capacity limited resources and improving processing efficiency . Although older individuals demonstrate a well preserved ability to focus attention on task relevant visual stimuli , they show substantial deficits in inhibiting the processing of information that is task irrelevant  . Despite the fact that individuals over the age of 80 constitute the fastest growing segment of the population in many nations , little research has been devoted to the investigation of cognitive processing in this old old group .
Telomerase is a ribonucleoprotein complex  that extends the 3’ ends of linear chromosomes by successive additions of telomere repeats, dTTAGGG in vertebrates. Mutations in both the RNA and protein components of telomerase have been linked to diseases of the haemopoietic system such as dyskeratosis congenita and aplastic anemia. The correlations between telomerase activity, telomere length, aging, cancer, and disease have led to tremendous interest in understanding how telomerase functions .
The objective of the study was to investigate the brain activation associated with reading comprehension and different orthographies in two Japanese writing systems, and in English, a second language. A remarkable characteristic of the Japanese writing systems  is that they present readers with the cognitive challenge of decoding different types of mappings of words to sound and to meaning. In the study, participants read kanji sentences and hiragana sentences, their native language , as well as English sentences, their second language .
Hypothalamic peptide signaling systems play key roles in the control of energy balance. Neuropeptide Y  is a potent hypothalamic orexigenic peptide. Central administration of NPY causes robust increases in food intake and body weight and, with chronic administration, can eventually produce obesity .
Nitric oxide  and endothelin 1  are important endothelium derived mediators that regulate the vascular tone. Its primary action is via activation of G protein coupled receptors . ET 1 has been associated with various cardiac , renal , and pulmonary diseases .
Current treatment guidelines suggest that HIV 1 infected patients should receive at least two  fully active agents when constructing a new antiretroviral regimen following treatment failure to achieve maximal virologic suppression . Antiretroviral agents in new drug classes are especially useful because there is no concern about cross resistance resulting from virologic failure to prior regimens, as substantiated by clinical trial results for recently approved agents in new drug classes  . CCR5 antagonists have established virologic activity in patients with HIV 1 strains using CCR5 as the exclusive coreceptor for entry into CD4+ T cells  .
Inflammatory bowel disease  and irritable bowel syndrome  are inadequately treated medical problems. There is evidence that intestinal inflammation underlies at least a subset of cases of IBS. The pathophysiology of neither IBD nor IBS is adequately understood; however, improved comprehension is likely to improve their treatment .
The Poisson Boltzmann equation  describes the long range and non specific electrostatic interactions of molecules immersed in ionic solutions. The solution of the PBE provides the electrostatic potential  over the entire molecule ionic solution system and various electrostatic energy derived quantities and sensitivities  that are employed in many biophysical applications. Due to the desire for improved speed and accuracy of 3D PBE solutions, especially for highly charged and large scale biomolecular assemblies  atoms), the development of fast and accurate PBE solvers remains an active area of research.
Systemic lupus erythematosus  is an autoimmune disease that primarily affects women of childbearing age. A significant proportion of patients with lupus develop renal disease. Although this manifestation can be the result of earlier unchecked inflammation, alternative mechanisms mediating progressive loss of renal function may be envisioned, and the precise relationship between acute inflammatory and chronic fibrotic nephropathy remains unclear   .
T cell development is an exceptionally favorable system in which to examine the mechanism of differentiation from stem cells in general. This allows these intermediates to be purified for analysis with minimal interference from irrelevant cell populations. T lineage specification is both triggered and sustained by Notch signaling.
There is growing concern about the rising prevalence of child and adolescent obesity . Obese children tend to remain obese into adulthood ; therefore, the increasing prevalence of childhood and adolescent obesity is likely to drive adult prevalence, and its associated financial and health burden, for decades to come . Accurate measurement of childhood and adolescent obesity prevalence is an important component of surveillance and prevention efforts.
Plasma osmolality is primarily determined by the plasma sodium concentration. It is held within narrow limits under normal physiological conditions. Alterations in plasma osmolality are readily sensed by hypothalamic receptors in the brain, which initiates compensatory mechanisms such as water intake in the case of hyperosmolality or water excretion in the case of hypoosmolality.
The conditioning lesion effect was originally described by  as an increase in the rate of regeneration of fibers in the sciatic nerve following a test lesion, if the nerve had been lesioned several days earlier. Similar increases in neurite outgrowth have recently been shown to occur in sympathetic neurons both in ganglion explants and in dissociated cell cultures  . IL 6 is induced both in sensory neurons and in distal Schwann cells after a sciatic nerve lesion  but is apparently not retrogradely transported by sensory neurons .
Administration of parenteral nutrition  is critical for survival and growth in infants who cannot tolerate enteral feedings. Chronicity and severity of PNALD are highest in preterm infants and in infants with intestinal failure secondary to short bowel syndrome, congenital absorption defects, necrotizing enterocolitis, and intestinal malformations . PNALD is the leading indication for multivisceral  transplantation in infants  because current therapies are not effective .
Near infrared spectroscopy  is a non invasive, real time bedside modality sensitive to changes in cerebral perfusion and oxygenation and is highly sensitive to physiological oscillations at different frequencies. However, the clinical feasibility of NIRS remains limited, partly due to concerns regarding NIRS signal quantification, which relies on mostly arbitrary assumptions on hemoglobin concentrations and tissue layers. In this pilot study comparing stroke patients to healthy controls, we explored the utility of the interhemispheric correlation coefficient  during physiological oscillations in detecting asymmetry in hemispheric microvascular hemodynamics .
The prospect to derive functional neurons directly from human fibroblasts has major translational implications for the evolving field of regenerative medicine and potentially very broad applications for pathogenetic studies of various neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental diseases . Various somatic, non neuronal cells from mice and humans have now been reprogrammed into induced neuronal  cells by several groups . Unfortunately, to date the reported efficiencies of iN cell conversion in human fibroblasts have been low.
Striated muscle is formed by two sets of overlapping filaments, the thick myosin containing and the thin actin containing filaments. Sliding force is produced when these heads cyclically attach to and pull on the thin filaments . It can occur by direct Ca2+ binding to the essential light chains  ; or by regulatory light chain  phosphorylation .
Since 2002 there has been a rapid expansion in access to antiretroviral therapy  in low  and middle income countries. Of particular concern is the absence of gender specific data on ART programmes. While there have been concerns that women may be disadvantaged in their ability to access to ART , evidence suggests that disproportionately more women than men have initiated ART in developing countries .
Anthropometry plays an important role in the etiology of hormone related cancers , particularly breast and endometrial cancers . Interestingly in premenopausal women, higher adiposity is associated with a lower risk of breast cancer , possibly because in these women body fat is associated with lower estrogen levels . However, the association between adiposity and risk of ovarian cancer is unclear, with epidemiological studies generally reporting moderate positive associations .
More than 20 years ago Dr. A. K. Markov reported that exogenously administered fructose 1,6 bisphosphate  could provide impressive hypoxic ischemic protection. The original idea behind FBP administration was metabolic rescue: ”Exogenous FBP will restore the activity of glycolysis, which has been inhibited by acidosis, by intervening in the Embden Meyerhoff pathway both as a metabolic regulator and as a high energy substrate.” Our previous investigation of FBP neuroprotection used 31P and 1H ex vivo NMR spectroscopy in a horizontal 4.7 Tesla wide bore spectrometer. Respiring neonatal  rat cerebrocortical slices superfused in the magnet underwent a 30 minute period of hypoxia ischemia .
The Arrowsmith two node search tool  is designed to assist biomedical investigators in formulating and assessing scientific hypotheses. More generally, it allows users to identify biologically meaningful links between any two sets of articles A and C in PubMed, even when A and C share no articles or authors in common and represent disparate topics or disciplines. This fundamental text mining strategy provides a service that cannot be carried out feasibly via standard PubMed searches.
Monoclonal antibody  based drugs have proven successful in the clinic, with more than 27 now approved by the FDA. All of the approved antibody drugs consist of single mAbs . Because oligoclonal therapies typically have mechanism of actions requiring the presence of all of the mAb components, they are clinically evaluated as the mixture of antibodies.
During the last seven years, Americans endured the worst economic downturnsince the great depression. During the great depression, a landmark documentary filmshocked the country by documenting the hunger faced by migrant farmworkers and namedthem the underfed. About fiftyyears later and after the recent great recession, hunger persists in the UnitesStates as there are an estimated 49.1 million people with food insecurity.
Early education programs, such as Head Start , were developed for children of low income families to help in providing an enriched learning experience, normally lacking in their socioeconomic circumstance . Environmental enrichment has repeatedly been shown to increase problem solving abilities in rats, demonstrated as enhanced performance in the radial arm  and water mazes  and increased efficiency in solving HebbWilliams problems  . Interestingly, environmental enrichment in rats tends to result in decreased self administration of amphetamine .
Histone deacetylases  are enzymes that play key regulatory roles in gene expression and cellular differentiation. HDAC functions include the removal of acetyl groups from transcription factors   and signal transduction proteins  , and the acetylation of the molecular chaperone Hsp90  and alpha tubulin . Given the crucial role of HDAC as cellular epigenetic modifiers, inhibitors of HDAC proteins  have been evaluated for clinical application as anti cancer therapies.
Clock drawing tests  are commonly used in the neuropsychological assessment of cognitive functioning and dementias . In particular, CDTs have been found to be valid measures of executive control functioning , the cognitive function responsible for integrating isolated and basic mental activities into unified, complex, and goal directed cognitive activities . Additionally, errors noted on CDTs have been found to follow a consistent path along with longitudinally observed cognitive impairments associated with dementias, providing further support for the notion that CDTs can be validly used in the assessment of dementias  .
Cocaine addiction, a chronic relapsing disorder, remains a major public health problem in the United States , demonstrating the unmet need for novel treatments for cocaine addiction . Several sources of motivation contribute to the maintenance of cocaine abuse. Recent findings suggest that the neuronal mechanisms underlying drug self administration are different from those mediating relapse vulnerability during abstinence .
The size of organs is controlled by the intricate coordination between cell growth and death . Increasing lines of evidence suggest that the heart is a renewing organ . Although the signaling mechanisms controlling hypertrophy and apoptosis have been extensively studied, only a few mechanisms reported thus far can regulate both growth and death of cardiac myocytes in a coordinated fashion .
The Na+/K+ ATPase transports Na+ and K+ against their concentration gradients across the cell membrane to maintain a low Na+ and high K+ concentration within the cells . Additionally, the ion concentrations maintained by Na+/K+ ATPase are important for regulating cellular volume and preventing cells such as neurons from swelling and lysing  . Thus, disrupting normal Na+/K+ ATPase activity in neurons has been proposed to contribute to the pathogenesis of neurodegeneration.
Naïve CD8 T cells that encounter antigen  on mature dendritic cells  proliferate, clonally expand, and differentiate to acquire effector functions and altered adhesion migration properties that facilitate trafficking to peripheral tissues . Instead, a third signal is required that can be provided by either IL 12 or IFNα/β  . In an ectopic heart transplant model it was shown that CD4 T cells ‘conditioned’ DCs to produce IL 12 and that this IL 12 was necessary to support development of CD8 effector functions and graft rejection .
B cell survival and fate determination are strongly dependent upon phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase  signalling . PI3K catalyses the conversion of membrane phosphatidylinositol  bisphosphate to phosphatidylinositol  trisphosphate , which acts as a second messenger to recruit pleckstrin homology domain containing adapters and kinases such as 3′ phosphoinositide dependent kinase , AKT, phospholipase C γ2 , Bruton’s tyrosine kinase , downstream of kinase  and others. It was recently discovered that in contrast to T cells, B cells do not undergo malignant transformation upon PTEN deletion .
Gene therapy attempts to treat and ultimately cure some of the world's most challenging diseases by addressing the underlying genetic causes. As such, effort has been made to improve non viral gene delivery efficiency through rational and semi rational design of vectors capable of overcoming the various extra  and intracellular barriers that inhibit their performance . A variety of materials are being considered for non viral gene delivery applications.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in the United States and the major source of debilitation among adults. Obesity is a growing epidemic in the United States and is considered a risk factor for stroke. The mechanisms by which obesity affects stroke occurrence or outcome, however, have not been fully elucidated.
Colorectal cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer related death in the United States when men and women are considered together. Lynch syndrome is the most common cause of hereditary CRC, affecting approximately 1 in every 35 CRC patients. Fortunately, effective cancer risk reduction strategies are available when Lynch syndrome is identified., Additionally, economic models have found UTS costs to be comparable to other preventive services adopted within the United States., Furthermore, a large private healthcare system has implemented UTS after independently weighing costs and benefits.
Vision loss is a serious public health challenge today, and global efforts to reduce avoidable blindness by 2020 are underway., In the United States, age related eye diseases  and other eye conditions are common causes of vision loss. More than 3.3 million Americans 40 years or older are either legally blind  or have low vision  caused mostly by age related eye diseases. By 2020, the number of people with eye diseases and associated vision loss could increase by 50% or more because of the aging of the U.S. population.
Cardiac tissue engineering has a potential to provide functional tissue constructs for repair of myocardial infarction and congestive heart failure that currently affect close to 12 million people in the United States alone. In contrast to skeletal tissues such as bone or cartilage where patients can be asked to reduce the load bearing function of these tissues for a period of time, some degree of functionality of an engineered cardiac patch is required immediately, at the time of implantation. Most recently, an exciting possibility of induced pluripotency  cells emerged, and it may be envisioned that iPS cells will provide an autologous source of millions of cardiomyocytes required for tissue engineering of human cardiac patches.
The neural basis of locomotor behavior in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans is a particularly attractive system for study because of the simplicity of its neuromuscular system. C. elegans propels itself forward or backward by the sequential contraction of 95 muscle cells arranged in 4 quadrants along the body . In adult hermaphrodites, muscle cells of the body wall are innervated by 75 motorneurons comprising 8 distinct classes .
Epidemiological and clinical data strongly support a major role by the human papillomavirus  in the etiology of cervical cancer . Further, additional cofactors were found to be required for prolonged expression of the HPV E6 and E7 oncogenes leading to development and progression of cervical abnormalities . Further, female smokers have two times higher risk of developing cervical cancer than non smokers  .
There is increasing evidence that amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is a multisystem disease that extends beyond the anterior horn cells and corticospinal tracts. Transactive response DNA binding protein 43 Kda  links ALS to frontotemporal dementia, and disease progression fits a model of prion like spread of TDP 43 protein in a corticofugal direction. Impairment of the sensory system has also been reported.
Candida albicans, the causative agent in the majority of cases of mucosal candidiasis, is a fungal organism that is both a commensal of the gastrointestinal and reproductive tracts, and an opportunistic pathogen of the same mucosal tissues . As a commensal, C. albicans asymptomatically colonizes both oral and vaginal epithelial surfaces. Clinically, oropharyngeal candidiasis  is a significant problem in immunocompromized individuals and is extremely common during human immunodeficiency virus  infection, especially when CD4+ T cells are reduced .
Recent genome wide association studies and subsequent replication studies have found consistent associations between a common variant on chromosome 9p21 and Myocardial Infarction  or Coronary Artery Disease . The nearest genes to this marker are CDKN2b and CDKN2a, which are key regulators of the cell cycle. The possible involvement of these cell cycle control genes in heart disease may be mediated via reduced re growth of arterial intimal cells, a phenomenon implicated in the development of atherosclerosis.
Emotionally stressful episodes can trigger acute heart failure, myocardial infarction  and sudden cardiac death . MSI is most often asymptomatic and accounts for up to 75% of total ischemic burden . Despite the prognostic significance of MSI for patients with CAD, risk stratification algorithms that include this factor have not been implemented in the clinical setting.
In 2010, the World Health Organization issued global physical activity guidelines for adults 65 years and older in order to improve cardiorespiratory fitness, strength, bone, and functional health, and to reduce the risk of noncommunicable diseases, depression, and cognitive decline . These guidelines recommended at least 150 minutes/week of aerobic activity and acknowledged the benefit of higher amounts. The recommendation also includes muscle strengthening activities at least 2 days/week and, among those with poor mobility, activities to enhance balance and prevent falls on 3 or more days/week.
Accurate non invasive measurement of %HbO2 of deep lying vessels inaccessible to pulse oximetry would have many clinical applications. Generally, both currently require catheterization procedures, which are invasive and carry risks. T2*, the time constant for signal decay from static dephasing due to local spatial magnetic field variations within and in the vicinity of erythrocytes, is typically obtained with a multi echo gradient echo sequence.
The advancement of molecular imaging resulted in the discovery of novel biomarkers and the development of many target specific molecules from monoclonal antibodies to monobodies, small bodies, polypeptides, proteins, RNA, nanoparticles and small molecules. Conjugation of near infrared  dyes to a variety of the targeting molecules has been established as a powerful method for preclinical imaging of tumors , inflammatory diseases  and the peripheral nervous system  . For example, a typical IgG antibody molecule has 90 lysine residues, many of which are located close to each other ).
Treatment for mental health conditions represents a significant portion of ambulatory healthcare provided in the United States. Women are highly susceptible to common mood and anxiety disorders; among which depression and anxiety impose the largest burden. Women in rural communities are particularly vulnerable to mental health disorders due to traditional caregiver roles, isolation, unstable or low income, and low educational attainment.
Microbial infections in the airways contribute to tissue remodeling and are also a major factor in exacerbating underlying diseases, which have been associated with cytokine and chemokine release from resident lung cells. A protease/antiprotease imbalance can equally be associated with inflammation and extracellular matrix degradation. Alternatively, proteases also play a critical role in microbial clearance as neutrophil proteases are critical for microbial killing.
Reoviridae is one of the largest families of viruses and comprises at least 12 genera of viruses with segmented dsRNA genomes. ; Some Aquareovirus isolates can lead to severe epidemic hemorrhagic disease and pancreatitis in fish, although the majority has been isolated from seemingly healthy finfish and shellfish. Due to its virulence, GCRV serves as a suitable model for studying the replication and pathogenesis of aquareoviruses in general .
Ductal carcinoma in situ with microinvasion  is a pathologic diagnosis defined by the presence of ≤1 mm of invasive cancer in a background of DCIS and comprises 0.6 3.4% of breast cancer diagnoses. In the American Joint Committee on Cancer  staging system, it is considered a subset of T1 disease . These patients are generally considered to have a better prognosis than “macroinvasive” cancers, but worse than DCIS alone., The rarity of DCISM has made study of risk factors, management, and outcomes difficult.,, The risk of axillary lymph node metastases is low, , but no studies have been able to consistently identify any pathologic or demographic factor predictive of nodal disease.,, We have previously reported that 2.7% of 112 patients with DCISM had axillary lymph node macrometastases and 10% micrometastases.
The mammalian retina is a neural image processor designed to detected and encode information about distinctive visual features, the most basic of which are changes in luminance. This begins at the first synapse in the retina where photoreceptor signals are transmitted to bipolar cell types that differ by depolarizing in response to either an increase or decrease in light level . One group of ON and OFF RGCs can be recognized morphologically on the basis of having large somas and distinct dendritic stratification profiles.
Swallowing Disorders are common and have a significant health impact. In at risk populations, these figures are significantly increased, including the elderly  and patients following recent neurological insult . The impact of disordered swallowing is profound.
The predatory cone snails  paralyze prey, defend against predators, and deter competitors using venoms that are complex mixtures of relatively small peptides  with potent neuropharmacological activity. The signal sequences of precursors of all members of a conopeptide superfamily are highly conserved, sharing considerable sequence identity. In addition, the arrangement of cysteine residues within the primary structure of the mature peptide toxin  is generally characteristic of the specific gene group  to which the peptide belongs .
Caveolins are key components of detergent resistant cholesterol lipid rich membranes including lipid rafts and caveolae. Despite similar name, the amino acid sequence between Cav 1 and Cav 2 is only 38% identical  , suggesting distinct functional roles for each of these proteins ). However, in contrast to extensively studied Cav 1, much less is known about Cav 2.
Multiple myeloma  is a clonal plasma cell disorder predominantly affecting the elderly, resulting in more than 10,000 deaths annually in the United States. The use of novel therapeutic agents such as immunomodulators and proteasome inhibitors, as well as the incorporation of high dose chemotherapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation  in eligible patients has led to significant improvements in the survival of MM patients. However MM remains biologically heterogeneous with significant variability among patients in terms of clinical features, response to therapy and overall survival .
Cells alter their morphology dynamically in response to stimuli that induce cell migration and during cell division. Rac1 and Cdc42 promote cell spreading by inducing actin polymerisation and lamellipodium extension  . Mammals have 6 PAKs, which are divided into two groups based upon sequence homology: group A consists of PAKs 13 and group B of PAKs 46.
The Id proteins are dominant negative antagonists of basic helix loop helix  transcription factors and regulate differentiation in multiple lineages . The Id1 4 proteins are highly expressed during embryogenesis in partially overlapping patterns, and play major roles during development, for example cardiac and brain development . The “thin myocardial wall” phenotype is shared by a number of mouse models that lack genes implicated in non cell autonomous pathway deficiencies .
The Burkholderia cepacia complex  is comprised of seventeen phenotypically similar but genetically distinct species. Nosocomial outbreaks of Bcc infections have been associated with various contaminated solutions. Chronic Bcc infection in CF contributes to progressive pulmonary decline as well as the rapid deterioration in lung function referred to as “cepacia syndrome”.
Recognition of lipopolysaccharide  by MD 2 TLR4, is an important determinant of the innate immune response to Gram negative bacteria. Sensitive host responses to LPS are orchestrated by several LPS binding proteins. Therefore, animal hosts have evolved numerous mechanisms for regulating the response to LPS.
Injection drug use is a serious public health problem that can lead to substantial morbidity and mortality. Of the many complications attributable to injection drug use, skin and soft tissue infections remain one of the most common problems, and are experienced by up to one third of injecting drug users, but abscesses, cellulitis, and other infections are not the only injected related wounds that cause health problems for injecting drug users. Encompassing the wide array of lesions and infections that can occur, injected related wounds represent an important clinical and public health complication of injection drug use .
Over 130,000 reproductive age women are diagnosed with cancer in the USA annually  Program  Research Data , National Cancer Institute, DCCPS, Surveillance Research Program, Cancer Statistics Branch, released April 2011, based on the November 2010 submission), with haematological cancers accounting for 18% of new diagnoses in women under the age of 45 . In the paediatric and adolescent populations, US cancer statistics suggest that incidence of leukaemia is increasing 0.5% per year . While various therapeutic protocols for haematological malignancies are available, many include alkylating agents which have been associated with gonadotoxicity and infertility .
MR guided cryoablation is a promising method for minimally invasive therapy of prostate, liver, and kidney tumors . It is also being developed for preventing the most common cardiac arrhythmias in both children and adults . MRI provides good 3D visualization of ice ball formation and growth as well as an outstanding depiction of the anatomy surrounding the region of treatment.
Specific recognition of DNA sequences is essential for many biotechnology applications, for external control of gene expression, and for therapeutic targeting of DNA. For the design of clinically useful drugs to selectively target cellular DNA, however, the preparation and use of high molecular weight agents that can recognize such a long sequence of DNA is limited by factors such as preparation costs, sample stability, solubility and cell uptake. In the model for this synergistic approach small molecules selectively recognize units of a DNA sequence or motif such that a region of DNA is effectively targeted by multiple bound compounds.
Childhood Absence Epilepsy  accounts for 10 to 15 percent of pediatric epilepsy diagnoses . Prior studies point toward the presence of interictal attention problems, which can interfere with academic performance and daily functioning . The current study investigates attention related problems that might differentiate children with CAE from their healthy peers, and the role of disease on attention related problems in this group .
Late onset Alzheimer’s disease  is the most common neurodegenerative disorder affecting more than five million people in the USA alone. Current case control approaches may not have the statistical power to detect the small effect sizes expected in a complex disease like LOAD. Statistical power is further degraded by the inherent heterogeneity of samples ascertained using clinical exams .
The conformational and dynamic properties of the unfolded state of a globular protein under native conditions dictate the process by which the polypeptide begins the directed search for the native conformation. In addition to its fundamental role in biology, the unfolded state has also received considerable attention recently with an increased appreciation of intrinsically disordered proteins,  and the possible role of the unfolded ensemble in human diseases., The unfolded state under native conditions is operationally achieved by rapid dilution of the chemical denaturant to concentrations where the native state is strongly favored. In this scenario, a negligible kinetic barrier, if any, exists between random coil and compact conformations .
Genomic imprinting is a cis acting epigenetic mechanism resulting in the parental specific expression of ~100 mammalian genes . Imprinted genes mostly occur in clusters, which are regulated by a cis acting imprint control element  that is inactivated by a germline DNA methylation imprint on one parental chromosome . In the Igf2r and Kcnq1 imprinted clusters, the unmethylated ICE contains an active non coding  RNA promoter that silences multiple genes on the paternal chromosome .
The human Apobec3 locus encodes seven homologous genes expanded in tandem on chromosome 22 ; . A3G is incorporated into the newly assembling virions as a multimer through interaction with HIV 1 RNA or 7SL RNA and the viral nucleocapsid protein ; ; ; . Antiviral activity causing detrimental hypermutation in limited time requires an efficient mechanism for enzyme translocation on ssDNA and target location.
Pemphigus foliaceus  is a tissue specific autoimmune disease in which antibodies against the desmosomal cadherin desmoglein 1  cause loss of keratinocyte adhesion in the superficial epidermis, resulting in skin blisters . Desmogleins are thought to function as cell cell adhesion molecules in the epidermis and maintain its integrity. The propeptide is cleaved by a Golgi proprotein convertase such as furin to yield a biologically active mature cadherin  that is assembled into desmosomes on the cell surface  .
Resveratrol , a phytoalexin found in grape skins, red wine and peanuts, has been presented as a promising chemopreventive agent against cancer . The presence of resveratrol in red wine may contribute to this beverage's proposed cancer preventive effects . ERKs and p38 were reported to mediate resveratrol induced activation of p53 and apoptosis through the induction of phosphorylation of p53 at Ser15  and JNKs activation .
The human brain has a highly complex anatomical structure and achieving this through development requires the coordinated expression of sets of genes. These patterns are often directed by morphogen signals diffusing from organiser regions, which specify and determine cell fate and location. Much of the work on determining patterns of gene expression in the developing brain has been carried out in the mouse and other organisms, but less so in human.
Examination of spontaneous muscle activity is an important part of routine electromyogram , particularly in supporting the diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  and its variants . It was found that fibrillation potentials from denervated rats are not readily discernible in the time domain, but can be clearly discerned in the frequency domain, evidenced by greatly increased energy in the frequency band of 100300 Hz compared with normal rat data. The study suggested that surface EMG detection of fibrillation potentials may be feasible in other domains even when there is no distinguishable EMG activity appearing in the time domain .
A major threat to tuberculosis  control efforts is the increasing global burden of drug resistant TB. Inappropriate treatment regimens and poor adherence to therapy are the most common causes of drug resistant TB and in large part have led to the development and transmission of multi drug resistant  TB  and extensively drug resistant  TB . The World Health Organization  has estimated a worldwide prevalence of 660,000 cases of MDR TB and 150,000 MDR TB related deaths annually.
Glioblastoma multiforme  is the most common brain tumor comprising 23% of all primary adult brain tumors, and is the most deadly with a life expectancy of 9 12 month. Recently, TRAIL has arisen as a promising new anti glioma therapy due to it's ability to induce apoptosis in a wide variety of malignant cells with high tolerance and minimal toxicity to normal tissue. Purified TRAIL protein has been shown to induce apoptosis in a number of different glioma line in vitro, while both local and systemic injection of TRAIL protein exerts anti tumor effects on intracranial human malignant glioma xenografts in mice.
Most HIV infections occurs in the context of actions that are related to social behaviors, such as having sex and using drugs. There is an increasing body of evidence indicating that social network characteristics  may play an even more important role in disease transmission than individual background or risk characteristics . Bridge populations, for example, have been pinpointed as major contributors to both sexual  and drug injecting related transmission of HIV .
Cathepsin K is a cysteine protease with collagenolytic, elastinolytic and proteoglycan degradative activities known to be involved in early osteoclast action . The enzyme is expressed by osteoclasts, chondroclasts, osteoblasts, hypertrophic chondrocytes, and other cells including endothelial cells , gastric mucosa , and skeletal and non skeletal tumors . Its highest level of expression is in osteoclasts .
Fractures and loss of bone have significantly affected the quality of life for a large segment of the population. Furthermore, these acidic degradation products potentially compromise the bioactivity of growth factors. Biodegradable polyphosphazenes  have proved to be superior candidate materials to achieve this objective due to their unique buffering degradation products .
Over the decades following the onset of the AIDS epidemic, studies repeatedly show that only a minority of men who have sex with men  engage in behavior that is likely to lead to HIV infection, even among men who are recruited from venues long associated with risk behavior, such as gay bathhouses , cruising areas  and online cruise sites  . Such consistent results suggest that prevention for MSM should be more narrowly focused toward those who are truly at risk for HIV. Such an approach is called for in the National HIV/AIDS Strategy , which emphasizes the importance of bringing prevention to the most at risk populations .
Prostate cancer is one of the leading causes of death among men in the United States . Early stage prostate cancer requires androgen for growth and thus responds to androgen deprivation therapy . However, eventually the disease progresses to an androgen independent state that is unresponsive to androgen ablation.
Circulating peripheral blood monocytes represent a pleiotropic population of cells which are essential for innate immune responses to pathogenic micro organisms in the blood, mucosal surfaces and tissues . Peripheral blood monocytes, derived from bone marrow precursors, are recruited to sites of inflammation during bacterial infection . Monocytes demonstrate marked phenotypic differences from differentiated macrophages but their roles in the context of high bacterial loads, as occurs in sepsis, are incompletely characterized  .
Ciclopirox olamine  , the ethanolamine salt of 6 cyclohexyl 1 hydroxy 4 methyl 2 pyridone, is a synthetic antifungal agent used to treat mycoses of the skin and nails for more than 20 years. Studies have shown that CPX has a very broad spectrum of action against dermatophytes, yeast, filamentous fungi and bacteria. , The mechanisms of these actions of CPX seem diverse, involving disruption of membrane function in fungi, or targeting different metabolic  and energy producing processes in bacteria.
The knee meniscus is a fibrocartilaginous tissue that provides stability within the joint, while also bearing and transmitting loads during normal locomotion. Finite element models of the meniscus suggest that compressive forces dominate in the thinnest part of the wedge shape , while the thicker, more peripheral regions bear most of the circumferential tensile loads. This complex mechanical environment is reflected in marked regional variations in cell morphology and phenotype, matrix composition, and macroscale mechanical properties.
Acute myocardial infarction  is typically caused by platelet mediated thrombosis at the site of a ruptured or eroded atherosclerotic plaque. Anti platelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is commonly prescribed early and continued following AMI to reduce recurrent ischemic events, but may cause an increase in the risk of bleeding. Both recurrent ischemic events and bleeding have been associated with increased late mortality., For example, compared with individuals with two ‘wild type’ CYP2C19*1 alleles, Caucasian carriers of the loss of function CYP2C19*2 allele treated with clopidogrel have decreased metabolism resulting in significantly decreased levels of active metabolite, increased on treatment platelet reactivity,, , ,  and an increased risk of adverse ischemic events after PCI., These previously reported effects of CYP gene polymorphisms on clopidogrel related platelet responsiveness and outcomes have been observed in predominantly Caucasian or Asian populations after PCI., , , , The effect of CYP polymorphisms on cardiovascular events among clopidogrel treated patients after an acute coronary syndrome remains controversial, and no studies to date have investigated the association of these CYP variants with outcomes in African American patients.
Higher step length variability is present in those with neurologic diseases and may precede dementia onset. Step length at preferred speeds is quite constant in healthy adults, but higher step length variability can be present in older adults without overt neurologic disease. Slower gait is common in older adults and is associated with higher gait variability, but age related increases in variability are independent of gait slowing .
Although close contact is a well recognised risk factor for tuberculosis, the proportion of tuberculosis cases found attributable to identifiable contact with other cases is generally low,. This proportion can be estimated through traditional case control studies, asking about contacts, or by molecular epidemiological studies in which cases with shared DNA fingerprint patterns  are investigated. Estimates in sub Saharan Africa of the proportion of “clustered” cases with identifiable links range from 11 27%,.
Integrins are heterodimeric transmembrane receptors for extracellular matrix components that consist of non covalently linked α and β subunits . The extracellular domain confers ligand specificity and is required for ligand interactions. Following ligand binding, the recruitment of intracellular signaling molecules and activation of downstream signaling pathways is coordinated primarily by the cytoplasmic tail .
In disease states such as heart failure, myocardial infarction and hypertrophy, changes in the expression and location of Connexin43  occur , and may predispose to arrhythmias. Stretch may be an important stimulus to Cx43 remodeling; however, it has only been investigated in neonatal cell cultures, which have different physiological properties to adult myocytes. We hypothesized that localized stretch in vivo causes Cx43 remodeling, with associated changes in conduction, mediated by the renin/angiotensin system  .
It has been generally accepted that maximum vertical jumps could provide a reliable and sensitive assessment of various kinematic and kinetic variables . Therefore, vertical jumps have been widely used not only for training purposes, but also for testing the velocity, force, and power production capacity of leg muscles both in athletes  and in various patient and elderly populations . Conversely, in addition to empirical and research evidence suggesting that subjects repeatedly select a particular Hcmd and adjust it to the external load  and effort , some studies have suggested that Hcmd could have a marked effect on Hmax .
Phosphatidylinositol and its phosphorylated derivatives  has long been known to have an important regulatory role in cell physiology . Phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5 triphosphate  and phosphatidylinositol 4,5 biphosphate  are two well known lipid second messengers . PIP3 target proteins are diverse in nature and include protein kinases, adaptor molecules, and GAP and GEF for small GTPases .
Humans have limited ability to repair injured or damaged organs. Recently, it has become clear that biophysical signals such as ion currents and patterned voltage gradients  are key components for the induction of regeneration and patterning of new tissue in structures such as amphibian limbs and mammalian corneas . The Xenopus larval tail is a complex organ containing multiple cell types: muscle, peripheral nerves, spinal cord, notochord, and vasculature.
The primary risk factor for cervical cancer is persistent infection with oncogenic subtypes of human papillomavirus  . In 2006, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  approved the first HPV vaccine for administration to females 926 years of age for the prevention of cervical cancer  . Because many potential vaccine recipients are under 18 years of age, most HPV vaccine acceptability studies have focused on the diverse factors that may influence parental acceptability , including demographic factors , medical history variables , parental knowledge and awareness about HPV and cancer , and other psychosocial or attitudinal beliefs .
Hypertension is a cardiovascular risk factor common among hemodialysis patients  and one which that may be better assessed using out of office blood pressure  monitoring either by home BP measurements or automatic interdialytic ambulatory BP recordings . Interdialytic ambulatory BP monitoring more closely correlates with left ventricular hypertrophy  and all cause mortality  compared to BP recorded in the hemodialysis unit and, in contrast to home BP recordings, offers greater insights into circadian rhythms  . Chronobiologic analysis reveals that arterial BP rhythms are markedly altered in patients on hemodialysis .
Glioblastoma  is the most common type of brain tumor and is associated with high morbidity and mortality rates. Despite such aggressive treatment approaches, median survival times remain under 1 year in most cases. Brain tumor growth and progression depends on the establishment of an adequate blood supply , which confers a tremendous survival and growth advantage on the malignant cells.
The complement system serves as a critical hub in the human innate immune and inflammatory system, and fulfills numerous roles in homeostasis, defense, repair, and disease . These ligand bound ‘sensors’ can then trigger one of three canonical activation routes, , lectin , and alternative  pathways), which all result in cleavage of the abundant plasma protein C3 into its bioactive C3a  and C3b  fragments. Surface bound C4b then binds C2 to form the CP/LP C3 pro convertase which, when proteolytically activated by the same initiation complexes named above, gives rise to the fully active CP/LP C3 convertase, C4b2a.
The mesolimbic system, including the ventral tegmental area  and nucleus accumbens , is essential for reward seeking behavior. The NAcc integrates dopaminergic projections from the VTA and glutamatergic projections from limbic regions such as the basolateral amygdala , hippocampus, medial prefrontal cortex . It is hypothesized that the projection patterns of VP neurons allow the passage of limbic signals projected to NAcc to gain access to regions involved in appetitive behavior .
All proteins that traffic through the secretory pathway begin their journey when they are translocated as nascent polypeptides into the endoplasmic reticulum . When the load of client proteins exceeds ER capacity, a set of inter organelle signaling pathways responds to the stress by coordinately regulating translation and a broad program of gene transcription. The UPR regulates XBP1 through a novel mechanism of mRNA splicing initiated by IRE1 , an ER transmembrane kinase/endoribonuclease .
The microbial flora of the human oral cavity can be highly diverse, encompassing approximately 700 bacterial species , of which about ½ has not yet been grown in vitro. It is therefore of interest to characterize the normal flora of the elderly present in different oral sites. Significant site  and subject specificity has been shown in the microflora of the oral cavity of adults, but not of the elderly  .
Alzheimer’s disease  is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that gradually damages the neocortex and hippocampus, reducing memory, learning and reasoning . Despite its importance Aβ catabolism remains understudied  . In normal brain, rapid proteolysis attenuates Aβ accumulation.
Treatment interventions for co occurring posttraumatic stress disorder  and substance use disorders  have shown promising results  and provide alternatives to traditional relapse prevention strategies for women in substance abuse treatment. However, given high drop out rates and difficulties with retention among this population, questions remain as to the specific conditions under which these women can best be engaged and benefit from treatment. While the evidence on racial/ethnic differences in prevalence rates of PTSD and SUDs is mixed , research findings indicate there are racial/ethnic disparities in the adverse consequences of these conditions and in access to mental health care .
Clinical resistance to anticancer therapies is a persistent problem that can be caused by genetic or epigenetic events occurring within cancer cells or by extracellular cues such as soluble factors or cell cell contacts . Ultimately, these diverse events lead to the activation of growth and survival signaling pathways within cancer cells that enable them to survive otherwise lethal pharmacological insults . By blocking these drug resistance pathways, it may be possible to improve the efficacy and durability of anticancer drugs.
Atrial fibrillation  is the most common cardiac arrhythmia and represents a significant health risk to the population. Therapy for AF seeks to restore normal sinus rhythm through pharmacologic cardioversion. Lack of ion channel selectivity and overlap in ion channel expression in the atria and ventricles however, underlies the nonspecific ventricular side effects of current pharmacological agents, .
Despite long standing interest in the relations between stress and eating behavior, the true nature of these associations and the underlying biological mechanisms involved remain poorly understood. Stress induced elevation in cortisol, a glucocorticoid hormone secreted by the hypothalamic pituitary adrenocortical  axis, has been linked to increased energy intake following stress. Surgical removal of the adrenal glands  results in decreased food intake in rodents, and administration of glucocorticoids reverses this effect .
Toxoplasma gondii is an obligate intracellular parasite of the phylum Apicomplexa, which also includes the deadly agent of malaria, Plasmodium falciparum. Some of the proteins implicated in invasion are sequentially released from two types of secretory organelles, named micronemes and rhoptries . More complexes are, however, likely to contribute to invasion since additional uncharacterized transmembrane microneme proteins  are encoded in the genome .
Huntington’s disease  is associated with atrophy of the striatum and cerebral cortex, which leads to a loss of motor control and declines in cognitive function . The disease usually manifests in midlife and is due to an expansion in the CAG trinucleotide repeat within the gene encoding the protein huntingtin . In the cortex, pyramidal neurons of layers II, III and V degenerate.
Allogeneic bone marrow transplantation  is currently used for the treatment of a variety of hematologic malignancies. GVHD is an immune mediated disease in which donor T cells are primed mainly by recipient antigen presenting cells and then recognize and attack the genetically disparate recipient. Proinflammatory cytokines produced by donor T cells and other immune cells, have been shown to be critical for GVHD generation and play an important role in orchestrating the entire process .
Alzheimer’s disease , the most common form of dementia, is characterized by progressive neurodegeneration and presence of two major histopathological lesions in the brain; neurofibrillary tangles and senile plaques. Accumulation of amyloid β , the main constituent of senile plaques, is believed to be central in AD pathogenesis . Although the amount of senile plaques is critical to the neuropathological diagnosis it does not relate to the degree of dementia .
Stereotactic body radiotherapy  is now a well established treatment for medically inoperable early stage non small cell lung cancer , with 2 year local control rates ranging from 80 97%. However, an early prospective trial indicated that patients with centrally located lung tumors were at increased risk for severe pulmonary toxicity when treated with SBRT. As a result, tumors within a 2 cm radius of the proximal bronchial tree, often described as the “no fly zone ,” were excluded from the landmark RTOG 0236 trial  and are now being studied separately in a phase I/II trial  , which aims to determine the maximum tolerated dose  for SBRT in central lung tumors .
Gastrin is a peptide hormone produced primarily by endocrine G cells in the gastric antrum, with lower levels found in the duodenum and pituitary. Gastrin is initially generated as a 101 amino acid precursor peptide, preprogastrin that is converted to progastrin  by cleavage of a signal peptide. In most cases, the levels of the nonamidated precursor forms of gastrin comprise <10% of the total secreted peptide, but increased levels are occasionally observed in disease states, such as in patients with colorectal cancer  .
The risk of injury associated with alcohol use is a function of the simultaneous combination of a number of factors . One of the most important and easily identifiable is the degree to which the drinkers’ cognitive and/or motor functions are influenced, which is a function not only of how much and the manner in which the alcohol is consumed , but also factors such as the drinker’s gender, age, height and weight, and level of tolerance to the effects of alcohol. Risk of injury during an idealized control period would be the same as that during the period prior to the actual injury ; respondents would find themselves in the same contexts and participating in the same activities as those at the time of injury.
Two trials have shown that male circumcision reduces the prevalence of high risk penile human papillomavirus  infection by approximately 35% in HIV negative men , and several cross sectional studies have found a lower rate of prevalent penile HPV infection in circumcised HIV uninfected men . However, it is unclear whether circumcision reduces the incidence of HPV acquisition or increases the clearance of preexisting HPV infection. One longitudinal observational study of 285 U.S. men, 25 of whom were circumcised, found no statistically significant difference in the hazards ratio  of acquisition of either high risk HPV  infections  or any HPV infection  in circumcised versus uncircumcised men .
With an estimated 20,000 procedures per year, multi component, inflatable penile prosthesis placement is the most common treatment for erectile dysfunction refractory to medical therapy. Historically, infection rates have been cited as 3 5%, however, rates of less than 1% are often quoted in contemporary single surgeon series . Non infectious failure rates increase over time, with non infectious survival rates of 97.6 and 93.2% at 3 and 5 years in a contemporary cohort.
We assessed defibrillation strength shock induced changes of the membrane time constant  and membrane potential  in intact rabbit hearts after administration of lidocaine, a sodium  channel blocker, or nifedipine, a L type calcium  channel blocker . The experimental protocol was approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of Cleveland Clinic. A photograph of the preparation is shown in  .
The beat to beat function of the L type calcium channel , CaV1.2, is to provide trigger Ca for excitation contraction coupling in cardiac myocytes. Over a longer time frame, LTCC Ca current  provides Ca that ultimately contributes to cellular Ca homeostasis. On first principles, CaV1.2 expression and function must be tightly regulated to maintain Ca homeostasis in cardiac myocytes.
Cystic fibrosis , an autosomal recessive disease manifesting progressive respiratory insufficiency, defective exocrine pancreatic secretion and elevated electrolyte concentration in the sweat, is related to loss of function mutations of the CF Transmembrane conductance Regulator  gene encoding a chloride transporting protein  . The major cause of morbidity and mortality of CF patients is chronic lung disease. Innovative therapies to prevent the onset or reduce the pulmonary damage are under intensive pre clinical and clinical investigation .
Many congenital heart defects affect formation of the cardiac valves  structures needed to direct blood flow through the heart and prevent regurgitation. Heart valve defects such as bicuspid valves are relatively common but typically do not cause symptoms until adult life, at which time degeneration and calcification lead to deterioration of valve function. Understanding the cellular mechanisms needed to form, maintain and repair the valve leaflets throughout adult life will facilitate the development of new strategies to treat heart valve defects and disease .
Rett syndrome  is a neurodevelopmental disorder caused by mutations in the gene encoding methyl CpG binding protein 2  that are predicted to result in loss of function of the protein  . Individuals affected with RTT are born healthy and experience normal development until 618 months of age, after which they enter a period characterized by regression of motor and language skills . MeCP2 is expressed at high levels in postmitotic neurons and only low levels in immature neurons, although RTT is a neuro developmental disorder .
Lumbar disc surgery remains one of the most commonly performed operations, with rates exhibiting considerable geographic variation. Two recent randomized trials demonstrated that surgery provides faster pain relief and perceived recovery in patients with herniated disc. Outcomes were similar at 1 year for patients assigned to surgery and for those assigned to non operative treatment.
Dioxin like compounds are environmental contaminants of great concern produced as unwanted byproducts of industrial processes and combustion . Some are resistant to chemical and biological degradation and bioaccumulate in animals and humans . The most toxic dioxin is 2,3,7,8 tetrachlorodibenzo p dioxin .
A remarkable insight emerging from the molecular era of carcinogenesis research is the universality of certain molecular pathways in the pathogenesis of a diverse array of tumor types. The prevailing evidence suggests that the highly expressed fusion protein usurps the function of both PML and RAR to interrupt the normal pathway of myelocytic maturation. Since the initial discovery of the PML gene through studies of the fusion protein in APL, evidence has accumulated that PML participates in cancer pathogenesis in other target sites.
While chronic degenerative arthropathy is the main morbidity of hemophilia, a very high prevalance of low bone density is also seen in men and boys with hemophilia. The current study investigates bone degradation in the knee joint of hemophilic mice resulting from hemarthrosis and the efficacy of aggressive treatment with factor VIII in the period surrounding injury to prevent bone pathology . Skeletally mature factor VIII knock out mice were subjected to knee joint hemorrhage induced by puncture of the left knee joint capsule.
Gliomas are the most common primary tumors of the central nervous system, with glioblastomas  as the most malignant entity. These invading cells are extremely resistant to radiation and chemotherapy, and currently there are no anti invasive therapies available. Microarray technology was used to explore the expression profile of migrating glioma cells.
Pushing is commonly used when opening doors or moving grocery shopping carts, as well as while moving goods in warehouse and distribution settings . Pushing activities are associated with 920% work related musculoskeletal disorders and low back injuries . Furthermore, health care workers frequently adopt asymmetrical postures, including lateral bending and trunk turning, laterally positioned arms and sideward force exertion during patients handling activities .
Severe orthostatic hypotension and pre syncopal symptoms are the main cause of disability among patients with autonomic failure. The current recommended therapeutic approaches are limited to medications that increase sodium reabsorption and expand plasma volume such as fludrocortisones,,  or vasoactive agents such as the alpha 1 adrenergic agonist, midodrine. Even though these interventions can effectively reduce symptoms related to orthostatic hypotension, in most cases they induce supine hypertension that further complicate their treatment.
Some of the best response rates with radionuclide therapy have been achieved in non Hodgkin’s lymphoma , which is considered to be a relatively radiosensitive malignancy that may be effectively treated with low dose rate radiation. In patients previously treated with chemotherapy, the reported overall response ranged from 47% to 68%, and the complete response ranged from 20% to 38%. Limited previous I 131 RIT patient studies investigating the tracer predicted and the therapy delivered tumor doses report good agreement, as well as considerable variation.
There are substantial socioeconomic differences in rates of obesity and chronic diseases, including type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Diet is a modifiable risk factor for such outcomes and as such is a likely contributor to health inequalities. Understanding the social and economic patterning of diet is important for informing public health action, as recognised by Public Health England in 2013 .
The central nervous system  plays an integral role in blood pressure regulation, primarily through sympathetic activation and mediation of various neurohumoral factors such as angiotensin II and vasopressin. The AV3V region includes the median preoptic nucleus, the OVLT and the periventricular nucleus and has been shown to play an important role in several behavioral, neural and hormonal functions involved in body fluid and cardiovascular homeostasis. , Electrolytic lesions of this brain region abolish the centrally mediated pressor response to central and peripheral infusions of angiotensin II as well as preventing and/or reversing several other forms of experimental hypertension.
Canavan disease  is a rare recessive autosomal white matter leukodystrophy  that is caused by mutations of the aspartoacylase gene . The disease has a high prevalence in people of Askenazi Jewish origin , and it is characterized by the presence of widespread spongy degeneration in the brain and spinal cord . Affected individuals suffer from mental retardation, weakness, blindness and functional disability, and most die by the age of five  .
Male mammals display a wide range of complex social behaviors toward young that can range from aggression to indifference to parental care . Parental care is rare among animals and is estimated to be present in approximately 10% of mammalian species  and only 6% of rodent species . In addition to a lack of parental care, male mammals may also exhibit extreme aggression towards infants resulting in infanticide.
Citrobacter rodentium is a natural mouse pathogen. It is the causative agent of transmissible murine colonic hyperplasia, and is responsible for high mortality in suckling mice . As a member of the attaching and effacing  family of bacterial pathogens, and the only known AE pathogen to naturally infect mice, it is a valuable model organism for the study of pathogenesis of the clinically significant human pathogens, enteropathogenic Escherichia coli  and enterohaemorrhagic E. coli  .
The topology of chromatin is regulated by precise mechanisms that govern consistent packaging and replication of DNA, and also play a critical role in transcriptional regulation. Histone acetyltransferases  and histone deacetylases  work in an opposing manner by acetylating and deacetylating histones, respectively. In addition, several Phase I and II trials have confirmed the safety, tolerability, and single agent activity of vorinostat in patients with haematological malignancies.
The recent advent of pathway targeted chemotherapeutic agents, such as gefitinib and erlotinib, has led to improved therapy for a small subgroup of patients with advanced lung cancer. However, research findings have demonstrated that tumors with similar clinical characteristics  may respond differently to the same drug. The mitogen activated protein kinase kinase  is one of the critical molecules in the Ras/Raf/MEK/ERK cascade, which mediates signal transduction from Ras/Raf to extracellular signal regulated kinases  through phosphorylation of both tyrosine  and threonine  residues of ERK proteins.
The concept of neighborhood holds significance in South Africa. Under the apartheid regime , residential areas were forcefully segregated through the Group Areas Act of 1950  which restricted certain racial groups in terms of ownership and land occupation. In addition, the regime destroyed social cohesion by disrupting family structures and communities, giving rise to social conditions susceptible to both violence and crime, especially in many poor black areas .
The adolescent period is one of rapid and transformative development, characterized by efforts to confront and surmount challenges and to establish a sense of identity and autonomy. Adolescence is also a period fraught with many threats to the health and well being, sometimes leading to substantial premature impairment and disability . Large, national surveillance studies of adolescents have consistently found African American adolescents at greater sexual health risk compared to Hispanics and Caucasians: they begin sexual intercourse at an earlier age, have a higher prevalence rate of current sexual intercourse activity and a greater prevalence of having four or more lifetime sexual intercourse partners  .
The successful demonstration that epidural electrical stimulation of posterior spinal cord structures can suppress pain , led to a widely spread clinical practice of spinal cord stimulation  to modify the severity of perception of nociceptive and neuropathic pain. Clinical practice of SCS has been extensively reviewed . SCS for pain control has generally been applied to the thoracic spinal cord.
The hierarchy used for identifying hematopoietic and endothelial progenitors provides a unique quantitative method for assessing the degree of heterogeneity in stem cell cultures and may offer important insights into mesenchymal stem cell  biology. Hematopoietic high proliferative potential colony forming cells  obtained from both mouse and human bone marrow have been shown to form large colonies  in double layer agar cultures and differentiate into multiple hematopoietic cell types . Low proliferative potential colony forming cells  are defined as hematopoietic cells that can grow into colonies smaller than HPP CFC but greater than 50 cells .
In vivo thermoregulatory temperature responses of mammalian brains to radio frequency  heating are unknown for ultra high field magnetic resonance  systems . However, live humans can not be used to study the thermoregulatory temperature responses of RF heating at ultra high fields. Spatially unique correlations were reported between the whole head average specific absorption rate  and the maximum brain and rectal temperature changes during RF heating.
The inner ear comprises a fluid filled epithelium within a labyrinthine space ofthe temporal bone. A prevalent inner ear malformation is the Enlarged Vestibular Aqueduct. Dilation of ES and ED epithelia is thought to cause thebony malformation pathognomonic for EVA.
Mating systems determine how genes combine into genotypes, and therefore strongly affect population genetic structure  and evolutionary potential . Seed discounting, the loss of outcrossed seed production due to selfed seed production, can also reduce the benefit of selfing, especially in cases where selfing does not provide reproductive assurance . Such studies have generated valuable insights about the evolution of mating systems, including the roles of reproductive assurance and inbreeding depression in facilitating or retarding the spread of self fertilization .
Campylobacter is a leading bacterial cause of food born disease worldwide , representing a huge health challenge. This mainly zoonotic genus includes at least 18 species  of which Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli are the most common pathogens and account for the majority of diagnosed human Campylobacter infections . Young children remain most susceptible both in the developing and the developed world .
Obesity continues as a growing trend in the United States, with over 32% of the adult population with a BMI ≥30. Moreover, unintentional injury remains the fifth leading cause of death among adults. Obese trauma patients continue to be clinically challenging as they are more than five times more likely to die from their injury than their non obese counterparts.
COMMD proteins are a group of evolutionarily conserved factors present in a wide range of organisms . All ten members of this family are found in vertebrates and are also present in Dictyostelium discoideum. The COMM domain not only defines the protein family but provides a critical interface for protein protein interactions, such as COMMD1 COMMD1 dimer formation and binding to Cul2, Elongin C and SOCS1  .
Organic solvents are chemicals that are ubiquitous in occupational settings. Solvents are present in the workplace through the use of adhesives, paints, degreasing agents, and cleaning products. Solvents are also used in industrial processes, including the manufacturing of computer components, plastics, pharmaceuticals, and textiles.
Tuberous sclerosis complex  is an autosomal dominant disorder resulting from mutations in either the TSC1  or TSC2  gene . The neurological features of TSC are highly associated with cortical tubers, which are developmental cortical malformations histologically characterized by disordered cortical lamination, astrogliosis, dysplastic neurons and the presence of so called “giant cells” . Epilepsy is in most cases difficult to manage with antiepileptic drugs and often requires surgical resection of one or more tubers  .
The preBötzinger Complex  is essential for normal breathing in rodents  and is postulated to be an essential site for respiratory rhythm generation . Pharmacological studies suggest that pacemaker neurons are not obligatory for rhythmogenesis . Regardless, they could play a role in modulating/stabilizing the rhythm .
Recent reports from the District of Columbia  Department of Health describe an HIV epidemic in Washington comparable to that in East Africa . Three percent of adults in the US capital are known to be living with HIV; many more remain undiagnosed and unable to obtain either lifesaving care or counseling to reduce the spread of infection  . In response to the continuing spread of HIV in the US and internationally, both the US National Institutes of Health  and the World Health Organization  have committed to implementing and evaluating universal testing and treatment for prevention of HIV infection .
Lipid transmembrane diffusion  is of great interest to the biophysical community. Likewise, lipids arriving at the plasma membrane  must also distribute appropriately across the bilayer into the appropriate leaflet, via flip flop. This evidence supported the idea that proteins must be required for adequate flip flop .
The shared tumor associated antigens  that are potential targets of cancer immunotherapy primarily consist of non mutated self antigens that are either lineage specific or overexpressed. Due to immunological tolerance towards these proteins, B cells producing high affinity antibodies and T cells expressing high affinity T cell receptors  are often deleted, making the remaining repertoire relatively unresponsive to active immunization. Furthermore, for those antigens for which self tolerance is incomplete, the process of tumor development can actively tolerize the remaining T cells .
The clinical uses of mobile health  are broad and have expanded rapidly over the past decade but there has been little research on how useful these tools are across patient populations. The ubiquity of cell phones and touchscreen technology presents the opportunity to use mHealth tools to bridge gaps in health disparities if underserved communities accept and can easily use such tools. The Pew Research Center has reported that African Americans and English speaking Hispanics are the most active users of the mobile web, have higher rates of cell phone ownership, and use more cell phone applications  .
This study evaluates polyomavirus JC  large T antigen  as a potential target for drug development. LTA is a hexameric protein with a helicase activity that is powered by ATP binding and hydrolysis. The helicase and ATPase function is critical for viral replication .
Representations arising from distracting stimuli interfere with our ability to selectively attend to task relevant information. The effect of such representations is heightened when the tendency to respond to distracting information is habitual or reflexive, resulting in the need for greater attentional control to perform important tasks. Neuroimaging research has demonstrated increased recruitment of brain regions by older adults to perform cognitive tasks in which younger adults more selectively recruit neural resources .
Head and neck squamous cell carcinomas  are malignancies of the upper aerodigestive tract, including the mouth, larynx, and pharynx. HNSCC represents the sixth most common malignancy in the United States and accounts for ~500,000 new cancer cases per year worldwide . Recently, the addition of cetuximab, an inhibitor of the epidermal growth factor receptor , to radiation therapy was found to enhance HNSCC patient survival compared with radiation therapy alone .
Cholestasis, or impaired bile flow, is a form of liver disease that has various etiologies and can result in liver failure. Hepatocyte apoptosis is implicated in the pathogenesis of several liver diseases including cholestasis, viral hepatitis and autoimmune diseases . There are numerous causes of cholestasis, and apoptosis has been proposed as a mechanism of bile acid induced liver injury .
Amphipathic polymers have demonstrated great potential as suitable membrane substitutes . These properties make amphipols very promising for the investigation of 7 TM proteins including G protein coupled receptors  . Ligand binding capabilities of amphipol refolded GPCRs could be demonstrated and high resolution insights of the LTB4 ligand while bound to perdeuterated BLT2 receptor could be obtained using homonuclear 1H spectroscopy of the ligand.
Gene expression refers to the process of synthesizing a functional gene productfrom the information encoded in a gene, and the study of gene expression is central tobiomedical research. Indeed, due to several advantages of RNAseq technology over microarray, specificallyits ability to identify genes not included in a predetermined probe, its expanded resolutionallows for expression detection at the gene, exon, transcript, and coding DNA sequence levels, and its ability to detect structural variants in addition to gene expression, RNAseqhas begun to replace microarray altogether . The impact of dysfunction in this regulatory networkis the long list of diseases linked to miRNA expression  .
The asymmetric distribution of molecules in polarized cells is a hallmark of metazoan development. For example, one characteristic of the anterior posterior axis of Drosophila oocytes is the concentration of bicoid RNA at the anterior pole and oskar RNA at the posterior pole. In Xenopus, oocytes are polarized along an animal vegetal axis where RNAs, and organelles are asymmetrically distributed.
Alzheimer’s disease  is the most prevalent form of dementia worldwide. Amyloidogenesis results from the successive proteolysis of the membrane tethered amyloid precursor protein . Recent evidence from transgenic animal and in vitro studies suggests that beta site APP cleaving enzyme 1  is the major β secretase in the brain  and the rate limiting enzyme in amyloidogenesis .
Conventional chemoradiation  for locally or regionally advanced squamous cell head and neck cancer  results in 2 year progression free survival  rates of only approximately 35% . Relapse has historically been predominantly locoregional . Cetuximab with RT improved locoregional control and survival compared to RT alone .
Neonatal strokes occur in ~1 per 4000 term births and commonly present with acute seizures . Neonatal strokes and seizures frequently result in long lasting consequences like epilepsy and cognitive deficits, neurobehavioral impairments like hyperactivity disorders and problematic social skills . Thus stroke in the developing brain is a significant cause of associated neurological co morbidities that persist into adulthood .
The nervous system regulates epithelial homeostasis in different ways, and this regulation by the nervous system partly involves modulation of stem and progenitor cells . There is also crosstalk between tumor cells and nerves, such that tumors induce active neurogenesis, resulting in increased neuronal density in preneoplastic and neoplastic tissues . In addition, activation of muscarinic receptors has been shown to promote cell transformation and cancer progression .
More than 750,000 new strokes occur each year in the USA alone. Worldwide, stroke is responsible for approximately 4.4 million deaths  annually . Therefore, novel post stroke interventions to improve functional recovery and quality of life for stroke patients are urgently needed .
Systemic lupus erythematosus  patients have a 5 fold greater risk of myocardial infarction, occurring at a mean age of 49 , leading to a bimodal pattern of death where cardiovascular disease  is a leading cause of mortality 10 years after diagnosis of SLE . The increase in cardiovascular events observed in SLE is due in part to traditional risk factors , but SLE itself is an independent factor predisposing to accelerated CVD. Young women  with SLE are approximately 50 times more likely to have an MI versus age matched control subjects .
Alcohol misuse among college students continues to be a significant public health concern, marked by negative consequences . Students who violate campus alcohol policies tend to be riskier drinkers , and are often required to participate in mandated interventions . Many of these students are motivated to change and some will reduce their drinking behavior, even prior to intervention .
Poxviruses are large, complex, enveloped DNA viruses that replicate in the cytoplasm of infected cells . Two major infectious forms of VACV have been characterized. Thus, the EV is essentially a MV with an additional lipoprotein membrane.
Advances in donor management, organ preservation, surgical technique, post operative care and immunosuppression have improved overall survival rates following lung transplantation, but the incidence of lung ischemia reperfusion injury  remains unchanged at 20% . Clinically, LIRI is characterized by pulmonary edema, reduced pulmonary compliance and poor gas exchange . Patients surviving the initial insult face an upregulation of MHC class II molecules, which can vary depending on the severity of LIRI, increasing the risk of both acute rejection and obliterative bronchiolitis .
Hypoxic ischemic brain injury results in cerebral palsy , mental retardation or learning disabilities in surviving children . It is now widely recognized that the majority of cases of term neonatal encephalopathy are related to hypoxic ischemic brain injury that occurs in utero from a variety of intrapartum conditions . The incidence of CP increases dramatically with the decline in gestational age at birth, such that 412% of infants with a birth weight less than 1000 grams are affected  .
Mycobacteriosis is recognized as a significant disease problem in zebrafish research facilities . Findings range from overt disease outbreaks with high mortality to incidental findings where few fish show signs of disease. Several species of Mycobacterium have been identified, and experimental exposures indicate dramatic differences between species and strains .
In the CNS, myelin sheaths are elaborated by oligodendrocytes, which spirally ensheath segments of axons with multilayered compact membranes. Accordingly, computational modeling of myelinated axons  has been used widely to fill this void and has highlighted the interplay between morphological features and the biophysical properties of myelin  . Early experimental measurements suggest that myelin insulates the internodal axonal membrane by forming a high resistance, low capacitance compartment around the axon .
Pain perception is strongly modulated by dynamic adaptive processes e.g., , , . Many chronic pain syndromes are characterized by disturbed pain adaptation processes, such as a lack of habituation or abnormal sensitization e.g., , , , , ,  which may reflect an increased excitability of central  and/or of peripheral  nociceptive neurons. The temporal dynamics of pain, and the ability to estimate them accurately, may hold keys to understanding multiple mechanisms of pain regulation, as well as the development of chronic pain , , ,  .
Colorectal cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer related mortality in the United States when both sexes are combined . Mutations in MLH1 and MSH2 account for 90% of all identified mutations and MSH6 and PMS2 for 10% . The molecular fingerprint of deficiency in the MMR system is the presence of microsatellite instability .
Survival rates for lung cancer have been low for many years , mostly because the majority of patients present with advanced stage disease.. Lung cancer risk can be estimated by several factors that can be easily determined, including smoking history, age, previous tobacco related malignancy, family history of lung cancer and the presence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . However, clinical prediction based on these risk factors is poor at the individual level , and there is an urgent need for non invasive assays for early detection of lung cancer among smokers and former smokers.
The endogenous opioid peptides consist of the enkephalins, the endorphins and the dynorphins which are proteolytic products of proenkephalin, proopiomelanocortin, and prodynorphin, respectively. Dynorphin A  is one of the major proteolytic fragments of prodynorphin and is widely distributed in the central nervous system. This unexpected property of an endogenous opioid was thought to be due to the rapid breakdown of dynorphin A upon release, but subsequent analyses showed that dynorphin A and its proteolytic products had other, non opioid effects that may confound its actions at opioid receptors, including motor deficits,, neurotoxicity, release of excitatory neurotransmitters,, and inflammatory mediators, and prolonged hyperalgesia,.
The management of drug resistant HIV has improved dramatically with the recent approval of a number of highly effective antiretroviral drugs . Among these is raltegravir , the first clinically available inhibitor of HIV integrase. When used in combination with other active drugs, raltegravir has proven to be very potent, well tolerated, and highly effective  .
Within the uterus, the female sex steroids estrogen and progesterone play pivotal roles in the establishment of a suitable environment for embryo implantation and pregnancy. In recent years, microRNAs  have been identified as a novel class of small, non coding RNAs which also regulate gene expression by affecting mRNA translation and/or stability  . miRNAs are transcribed from specific genes which reside between protein coding genes, within introns of genes, within exons or which make up the entire intron .
The ability to easily evaluate respiratory function in children with asthma is of central importance in terms of following the course of disease. However, this approach may have limitations. For example, spirometric tests may be less helpful than other measures of respiratory function when assessing airway lability in preschool children at risk for persistent asthma.
The basal ganglia  are an evolutionarily conserved set of brain nuclei widely implicated in motor control and learning . The songbird area X, for example, is a specialized striato pallidal nucleus homologous to the mammalian basal ganglia  . A recent study suggests that, like the mammalian BG, area X has two populations of pallidal neurons— output neurons that send a long range GABAergic projection to the thalamus, and  local neurons that do not project to the thalamus but instead connect within the basal ganglia  .
Monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance  is a precursor lesion for multiple myeloma , an incurable bone marrow malignancy with an annual incidence of approximately 4.6 per 100,000. Historically, MGUS has been characterized by evidence of immunoglobulin heavy chain  expression, but could therefore only account for 80% of MM cases since 20% of MM cases secrete no IgH . The prevalence and risk of progression of the premalignant precursor entity for these light chain only MM  cases is unknown .
Microtubules  are cytoskeletal polymeric structures that are assembled from heterodimers of α  and β tubulin proteins . Several parameters used to characterize MT dynamic instability include the rates of growth and shortening that together define dynamicity, and the frequency of transitioning between the two phases termed ‘catastrophe’ and ‘rescue’ . The complexity entailed in MT instability is essential to the biological functions that MTs perform during cell division, migration, and intracellular trafficking .
One common issue experienced by rare diseases patients, their families, and health professionals is the lack of information about a specific disorder . Several comprehensive sources of information about rare diseases have emerged in the past decade in the U.S. and in Europe, including the Genetic and Rare Diseases Information Center  , the Rare Disease Database created by the National Organization for Rare Disorders   and Orphanet . These information sources are partially cross referenced to standard medical terminologies and among themselves.
Synaptic information processing depends on the amplitude and time course of neurotransmitter release from presynaptic terminals. Therefore, modifications in vesicle endo  and exocytosis can lead to altered synaptic interactions and information coding in neural circuits ,  . Hence, it can alter action potential firing patterns and could influence neuronal network reverberations , , .
Rehospitalizations cost Medicare $17 billion annually, are potentially avoidable, and a publicly reported statistic . For non Medicare patients, rates of rehospitalization for common disorders such as asthma, congestive heart failure, and acute myocardial infarction range from 21 29% one year following the index admission . A variety of disease based strategies can reduce the need for rehospitalization.
A rise in the incidence of hepatitis C virus  infection among men who have sex with men  has been reported . In those with HIV/HCV, treatment recommendations are less clear . In chronic HCV, PEG IFN/RBV responses are lower in HIV positive patients  .
Exposure to arsenic is a major public health concern throughout the world. Whether the source is naturally occurring deposits or industrial and agricultural runoff, the primary route of human exposure is contaminated ground water. Long term arsenic exposure is associated with increased risks of numerous human cancers , and so, arsenic has been classified as a human carcinogen by both the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the IARC.
It is becoming increasingly evident that precise regulation of eukaryotic gene expression requires communication between cis acting elements through alterations in higher order chromatin structure . During B cell development the mouse IgH locus rearranges first, by sequential D J and then V DJ joining, leading to the pro  and pre B cell stages of development, respectively . These results represented the first example a looping mechanism for enhancer action in an Ig gene locus, whose physical organization and developmental regulation differs dramatically from that of the well studied β globin locus as well as several other gene systems .
Managed care has been deployed as a cost containment policy in the Medicaid program for more than thirty years. However, it is only in more recent years that states have extended it to the beneficiaries who incur the lion’s share of Medicaid’s health care expenditures, adults with disabilities. , Second, MCOs may reduce expenditures by improving access to relatively inexpensive services , thereby decreasing the demand for expensive care .
Magnetic resonance microscopy  has become a standard tool for investigating cardiac structure and function in the mouse. The majority of MR work on mice has been done with 2D acquisition methods with limited resolution along the third axis . But 3D applications in small animal imaging thus far have been limited.
Mucolipidosis type IV  is a human lysosomal storage disorder caused by dysfunction of the mucolipin 1  protein . Clinical manifestations of ML IV include neuromotor retardation, retinal degeneration, corneal opacity, and gastric abnormality . These observations indicate that TRPML1 may be involved in endosomallysosomal biogenesis  and the regulation of lysosomal pH  .
The increased signal to noise ratio  at the static magnetic field  of 3T may improve cardiac MRI and MR spectroscopy  applications that are constrained by limited SNR at 1.5T . The f0 that yields best image quality is then visually selected by the operator and used for the subsequent high resolution scan. Another solution is to determine both localized second order shim corrections and localized on resonance frequency f0 at the same time based on an acquired B0 map  .
Bronchopulmonary dysplasia  develops in about 25% of very low birth weight infants, and remains a major cause of pulmonary morbidity and mortality in infancy . Vascular injury characterized by arrested vascular growth with decreased arborization and dysmorphic capillaries is a hallmark of the “new” BPD and may precede alveolar simplification . In premature infants, exposure to bacteria is common, can occur in utero or postnatally, and is associated with subsequent development of BPD .
Latinos are the largest and fastest growing ethnic minority group in the United States . A distinctive characteristic of the U.S. Latino population is its large number of immigrants. Today, the majority of immigrants gaining entry into the United States are Latino .
The use of alternative and complementary medicine has soared in popularity with patients, not just for improvement of baseline health, but even in the management of chronic conditions like psoriasis , . There is a growing body of popular and scientific literature for the use of nutritional supplementation in the treatment of psoriasis. With this information readily available, patients often perform independent research and ask their dermatologists about what they can add to their diets to make their condition more manageable.
The edge chipping test was originally developed in the late 1980s to study hard metal cutting tools at the National Physical Laboratory in London . The force required for chip formation, F, increases with distance from the edge, d. The shape of the chip usually is independent of the material tested . is an interesting exception where six chipping modes were reported for twenty two class IV restorations in a clinical study of 455 composite resin anterior restorations.
Alzheimer's disease  and its prodromal state, mild cognitive impairment , cause early episodic memory deficits . Because factors such as age and education play a role in determining AD risk and rate of cognitive decline, neuropsychological tests should also be capable of accounting for these individual differences  . In our prior study, we used ordinal logistic regression to develop an algorithm that assigns probability values to the suspected diagnoses of control, MCI, and AD, on the basis of four components of NAB List Learning performance .
Contrast enhanced coronary MR angiography  has been proven to be a promising technique for high quality anatomic imaging of coronary arteries . Usage of an improper acquisition delay can lead to suboptimal signal to noise ratio  and image artifacts. An empirical acquisition delay of 25  or 60  seconds was used.
Little is known about the frequency of persistent pain after endodontic procedures, even though pain is a core patient oriented outcome. We estimated the frequency of persistent pain, regardless of etiology, following endondontic treatment . Persistent tooth pain was defined as pain present ≥ 6 months after endodontic treatment.
During the past decade, gene expression profiling has become a powerful tool for predicting risk of breast cancer recurrence and mortality. Oncotype DX is a commercially available, validated 21 gene assay that quantifies risk of distant recurrence in node negative , estrogen receptor positive , tamoxifen treated breast cancer patients . Oncotype DX has also been shown to significantly predict benefit from adjuvant non anthracycline based and anthracycline based chemotherapy in N0 and node positive, ER+ patients .
DJ 1 is one of the genes that cause inherited forms of Parkinson's disease  when mutated . DJ 1  maps to chromosome 1p36  and encodes a 189 amino acid protein. Both mutations are homozygous and the disease is transmitted recessively.
Diffusion weighted magnetic resonance imaging  shows promise as an imaging biomarker for treatment response in glioma patients  as well as in a variety of other clinical tumor types . The efficacy of this technique lies in its sensitivity to the molecular motion of water which is affected by cellular, sub cellular and macromolecular elements that impede otherwise free diffusion of water. The theoretical basis for diffusion analysis is that cell membranes and other structures hinder the diffusion of molecules .
Thiol disulfide exchange reactions are universal among all living cells. TrxR and Trx are found in species from all three domains of life and the thioredoxin system is well characterized in species from the Bacteria and Eukarya domains, including humans . The thioredoxin system also serves a critical role in protection from oxidative stress in many organisms .
P70S6K1 is activated through PI3K  and MAPK pathways . Activated PI3K and AKT can induce cell transformation through the phosphorylation and activation of p70S6K1 . Treatment of mice with the rapamycin analog CCI 779 led to a reduction in p70S6K1 activation and inhibition of tumor growth .
Innate lymphoid cells  are emerging as important effector cells in innate immunity and tissue homeostasis . Type 2 ILCs  produce Th2 cytokines, such as IL 5 and IL 13, and play important roles in a variety of immune responses, including immunity to helminths, airway and skin inflammation, and tissue remodeling . However, we have limited knowledge about the ability of ILC2s to work together with other immune cells.
The Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, caused by a novel coronavirus  infected 8000 individuals in 2002 2003, with an approximate 10% mortality rate . From these initial studies, several salient observations emerged. This virus then jumped species to infect intermediate hosts such as Himalayan palm civets in wet markets in Southern China prior to infecting humans .
Over 500 evidence based treatments  for child and adolescent mental health disorders exist, many with multiple randomized controlled trials  supporting their efficacy in improving outcomes and functioning., To address the current science to practice divide between empirical knowledge and adoption, states such as Hawaii and New York have used a variety of strategies in an attempt to address barriers to EBT adoption and to build in facilitators, with the ultimate goal of increasing child and adolescent access to and receipt of EBTs. Empirical studies support the effectiveness of local champions in facilitating implementation, particularly in its earlier phases . The most commonly used implementation strategy has been in person training for mental health professionals.
Point resolved spectroscopy  combined with 3 D phase encoding is commonly used for acquiring clinical magnetic resonance spectroscopic imaging  data. This provides metabolic data with excellent quality for patients with brain tumors and has been shown to be important for defining tumor burden . This method is currently limited by how much of the anatomic lesion can be covered within a single examination.
Cannabis is the world's most popular illicit substance. In contrast, cannabidiol , another major constituent of most strains of cannabis, appears to have anti psychotic properties , and is anxiolytic  and may be neuroprotective in humans . THC and CBD have been found to have opposing neuropharmacological actions   the former is an partial agonist while the latter is an antagonist at CB1 and CB2 receptors .
The present study investigated the rate and pattern of neuropsychological recovery in heavy episodic drinking teens during the initial days to weeks of abstinence from alcohol . Adolescents  with histories of heavy episodic drinking  and socio demographically similar control teens  were recruited from San Diego area schools. HED and CON were comparable on 5th grade standardized math and language arts test performance to ensure similar functioning prior to onset of substance use.
Fibrates are lipid lowering drugs and they are used in patients with hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia. PPARs are ligand activated transcription factors belonging to the nuclear receptor family. They are important in lipid and glucose metabolism .
Neurogenesis continues throughout adulthood in vertebrates, due to endogenous progenitor cells which could be useful for brain repair . The SVZ contains GFAP+, astrocytic stem cells , which generate highly proliferative transient amplifying cells  that differentiate into neuroblasts  . Growth factors are important components of stem cell niches .
Prostate cancer is the second most frequently diagnosed cancer in men worldwide . There is also no reliable indicator for establishing the aggressiveness of prostate tumors . Proton  MR spectroscopy, exploiting metabolic characteristics, has also been advocated as a potential method of diagnosing and monitoring prostate cancer .
HDL levels are inversely related to the incidence of cardiovascular disease, and increasing HDL can reduce atherosclerosis in animal models. , A principal anti atherogenic property of HDL is thought to be its ability to promote cholesterol efflux from macrophage foam cells. The ability of HDL and its apolipoproteins to mediate macrophage cholesterol efflux depends in large part on the macrophage ABC transporters, ABCA1 and ABCG1.
Interests in the biochemistry of animal venoms started decades ago. Over the years, the venom components have been isolated, characterized and used as biochemical tools to probe the mammalian neuromuscular system. Although only a few percent of Conus peptides have been sequenced and studied, they are already well established and widely used as molecular tools in neuroscience with several in clinical trials and one has been approved as a drug against pain.
Plasmodium falciparum, the most virulent of the parasites causing human malaria, has the unique ability to sequester in the vasculature of diverse host organs. Sequestration resulting from the adherence of erythrocytes that contain mature forms of P. falciparum  to the vascular endothelium occurs in all infections. However, several adhesive phenotypes have been associated with severe pathological outcomes of malaria, such as the formation of rosettes, and the sequestration of infected erythrocytes  in the microvasculature of the brain and the placenta.
The recent development of metabolic imaging of hyperpolarized 13C labeled compounds  presents new opportunities for the in vivo investigation of metabolism under normal and pathologic conditions. Therefore, fast chemical shift imaging  methods are desirable, and several techniques have been developed recently for application to metabolic imaging of hyperpolarized substrates . exploited the sparse spectra, which occur in metabolic imaging of hyperpolarized  pyruvate, by applying compressed sensing  to speed up the acquisition or increase the spatial resolution.
Solid tumors possess a variety of physiological abnormalities that pose a barrier for conventional non surgical therapies . Aberrant angiogenesis drives new vessel sprouting, resulting in poorly organized vessel architecture. Additionally, the extracellular matrix  of tumors is reactive and contractile, supporting vascular proliferation and exerting mechanical stress on blood vessels to further compromise perfusion .
WT1 is a zinc finger transcription factor that can activate or repress target genes that control cell growth and development. WT1 is subject to alternative splicing in two regions; a 17 amino acid insertion within the central region of the protein  and the insertion of three amino acids  within the zinc finger region . A considerable body of evidence suggests that WT1 can also act as an oncogene,.
Flow cytometry has traditionally been a manually intensive technique. However, automated high throughput FCM methods have recently been developed to rapidly collect large data sets with complexities similar to gene microarrays . The large amount of complex information generated by high throughput technologies needs to be processed in an automated, well describable way.
The mechanisms by which alcohol causes cell injury are still not clear. Bradford et al  reported that CYP2E1 but not NADPH oxidase was required for ethanol induced oxidative DNA damage in rodent liver and may play a key role in ethanol associated hepatocarcinogenesis, whereas NADPH oxidase but not CYP2E1 played the major role in ethanol induced hepatotoxicity. There is clearly a need for oral models of ethanol treatment which result in the development of significant liver injury.
In living cells, intense electric pulses of nanosecond duration  impair the barrier function of membranous structures, including the plasma membrane, endoplasmic reticulum, and mitochondria . The difference between membrane permeabilization by nsEP and the traditional electroporation with longer milli  and microsecond stimuli has been a subject of a continuous debate. Reaching the cell interior and disruption of organelle membranes was introduced theoretically and then confirmed experimentally as the distinctive effect of nsEP .
Adult Purkinje cells each receive input from a single climbing fiber , which makes hundreds of synapses across its highly branched main dendrites . The mechanism of complex spike generation has been debated for decades . It is known that, similarly to simple spikes , the first spike of the complex spike is generated in the axon ; both backpropagate only weakly into the dendrites .
Coronary artery disease is the leading cause of death in the western world, and is responsible for approximately 450,000 deaths per year in the United States . Reliable imaging of distal coronary segments remains an open problem, and may become possible with improvements in signal to noise ratio , contrast to noise ratio , and spatial resolution . At 1.5T, balanced steady state free precession  imaging has been shown to provide significantly superior SNR and CNR compared to gradient echo sequences , and may alleviate the need for contrast agents as in the widely used slow injection gradient echo imaging method .
Dysregulated production of nitric oxide  is implicated in the pathogenesis of heart transplant failure, although the mechanisms by which this occurs in humans remains incompletely defined. NO has several biological properties that are concentration and cell source dependent. For instance, NO promotes T cell activation at low levels, but suppresses T cell responses at high concentrations.
Students with math difficulties  demonstrate varying levels of reading performance: Some students perform adequately in reading, whereas others demonstrate concurrent reading difficulties . As proposed by , this dichotomy may represent a productive scheme for subtyping MD . Deficits in phonological processing hinder acquisition of vocabulary and math facts, therefore leading to MDRD.
Mitochondria produce ATP that fuels excitation contraction coupling. They are also sources of damaging reactive oxygen species . Preserving cardiac mitochondrial health is therefore essential to maintaining normal cardiac function.
Murine models of rheumatoid arthritis  like disease have been essential for our understanding of disease pathogenesis and for preclinical testing of therapeutic agents. The K/BxAg7 mouse  is a well characterized model of inflammatory arthritis that develops a chronic, symmetric, progressive, and destructive arthropathy. Binding of IC and complement factors to Fc and complement receptors, respectively, expressed on neutrophils and macrophages triggers the release of inflammatory cytokines, chemokines, and proteolytic enzymes resulting in joint inflammation and destruction .
The TIM proteins are a recently discovered family of molecules that play critical roles in the regulation of effector T cells. TIM 3 is not expressed on Th2 cells but is found on Th17 cells, albeit at lower levels than on Th1 cells . TIM 3 was shown to be an important regulator of pro inflammatory immune responses, notably in the central nervous system , as blocking the TIM 3 pathway using anti TIM 3 mAbs or TIM 3 Ig fusion proteins in mice led to increased proliferation and IFNγ production in Th1 cells and exacerbated the clinical and pathological features of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis  .
  This was a prospective observational study conducted at an academic, tertiary care ED. Standardized forms were developed and utilized to track the rate of intervention associated with EM pharmacist review of prescriptions for patients being discharged from the ED. The ED is a level I burn and trauma center for both pediatric and adult patients.
Until recently, the vertebrate crown group within chordates was thought to be characterized by at least two unique features, ectodermal neurogenic placodes and migrating neural crest cells. Tunicates, or urochordates, which had been assigned the basal node of the extant chordates, were largely overlooked with respect to these features as they were believed not to share as recent an ancestry as cephalochordates and vertebrates . Vertebrate placodes include otic, olfactory, hypophyseal, lens, trigeminal, epibranchial, lateral line, and profundal placodes .
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a chronic, progressive autoimmune disease primarily affecting the synovial joints and causing both significant morbidity and increased mortality . IFN γ has several pro inflammatory properties that contribute to inflammation in arthritis. These findings indicate that IFN γ is an important pro inflammatory cytokine promoting disease severity in PGIA .
The Dominican Republic  has a long history of innovative HIV prevention programs in the female commercial sex industry. An environmental structural intervention integrating community solidarity and government policy strategies demonstrated significant reductions in sexually transmitted infections  and increases in condom use among female sex workers in the DR . Continued HIV related vulnerability, however, as documented by the frequency of STI and gaps in consistent condom use with regular partners, indicates the need to continue building upon these efforts.
Arsenic is a widely distributed environmental toxicant that can cause multi tissue pathologies. Proteomic assays allow for the identification of biological processes modulated by arsenic in diverse tissue types . The altered abundance of proteins from HaCaT human keratinocyte cell line exposed to arsenic was quantified using a label free LC MS/MS mass spectrometry workflow.
Quantifying changes in gastroduodenal permeability became more practical after Meddings et al introduced the sucrose permeability test in 1993 as a non invasive measure for assessing the extent of gastroduodenal damage induced by non steroidal anti inflammatory agents . Subsequently, several studies showed that abnormal gastroduodenal permeability to sucrose is a reasonable marker for the presence of gastroduodenal injury in NSAID users . Alcohol is another agent that disturbs the integrity of the gastrointestinal barrier.
Virtual screening, a process in which ligands are docked to the structure of a target receptor and ranked according to their interactions with the receptor, has become an integral part of identifying lead compounds in modern drug discovery. Accurately ranking closely related cogeners is essential to successfully guide the design of optimized leads; incorporating the flexibility of the target receptor and the ligand while considering their conformations is critical to achieving accurate ranking results. Ensembles can be generated by compiling experimentally determined structures or stochastically determined conformations via molecular dynamics .
Adherence, or the degree to which program components are delivered as prescribed, is an important aspect of the multidimensional construct of program fidelity. In the context of a controlled research environment, adherence to curriculum is achieved through close monitoring of facilitator training and program implementation. For this reason, standardization of program content and training protocols is often a precondition for programs to be designated “model” or “exemplary” , and strict adherence to program content is emphasized in trainings .
Mitochondria play a central role in energy metabolism, in which mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation is an extremely efficient system to produce energy required for the body . Although reactive oxygen species  are a natural byproduct during the normal oxidative phosphorylation process, increased production of ROS and decline of mitochondrial respiratory capacity is observed during aging . This theory has been broadly supported by previous reports of accumulation of mtDNA mutations with aging , as well as molecular genetic and evolutionary studies  .
Application of convection enhanced delivery  to intracerebral dosing of therapeutic molecules is intended as a method to maximize distribution per inoculation , minimizing the risks associated to multiple injections sites . CED combined with Intraoperative Magnetic Resonance Imaging  increases targeting accuracy and allows monitoring of the infusion cloud . In the last decade, adeno associated virus  serotype 2  has been the vector of choice for preclinical and clinical research in the central nervous system.
Discovery of central nervous system  drugs is challenging due to the complexity of neurological disorders, the paucity of pre clinical models with proven human translational value, and the persistent difficulty of delivering drug molecules across the blood brain barrier  to achieve optimal CNS exposure. The brain to plasma distribution ratio has been widely used in drug discovery as an index of brain penetration . However, Kp used in isolation is a misleading parameter since it is generally accepted that it is the unbound drug that exerts the physiological effect .
Muscle fatigue is defined as “any exercise induced loss of ability to produce force with a muscle or muscle group” , and can result from failure at one or more sites along the motor pathway originating from the central nervous system and ending with force loss through cross bridge cycling. Muscle fatigue has been documented as task dependent, meaning that fatigue and its mechanisms vary depending on the task the muscle performs . The cause of muscle fatigue may depend on task performance and is important to developing task specific training interventions .
Calcium hydroxide aqueous slurry is widely used as an inter appointment antimicrobial dressing in root canal treatment . Most of the calcium hydroxide aqueous slurry is composed of undissolved particles . This may result in a continuing high local pH for enhanced antimicrobial effectiveness  .
After acute antigen challenge, T cells rapidly activate, proliferate and differentiate into effector cells and then subsequently contract in number. It is increasingly clear that co inhibition is essential for maintaining a balanced immune response, the contraction of the T cell pool after clearance of antigen, and the homeostasis of immune cells . It is believed that co stimulatory signaling may be more influential during early stages of an immune response, while co inhibitory signaling may play a dominant role in later stages, aiding T cell contraction.
Ovarian cancer is the leading cause of death from gynecological malignancies . Despite the high initial response rate, up to 80% of patients will recur and eventually develop resistance to therapy, which leads to incurable disease . Addition of doxorubicin, topotecan, gemcitabine , or bevacizumab   to standard chemotherapy unfortunately has no advantages in improving patient overall survival, further indicating the significant therapeutic challenges in the treatment of ovarian cancer .
Class Ia ribonucleotide reductases  play a crucial role in DNA replication and repair catalyzing the reduction of nucleoside 5′ diphosphates  to 2′ deoxynucleoside 5′ diphosphates . E. coli RNR consists of two homodimeric subunits: α2 and β2. This thiyl radical initiates nucleotide reduction.
Both pH and temperature are vital indicators of normal metabolism and physiology in the central nervous system. Usually departure from tightly regulated temperature and pH are considered to be warning signs of life abnormal conditions. Therefore temperature and pH measurements are extremely important for both assessment, and perhaps even treatment, of various pathophysiological states .
Transmission of Schistosoma mansoni and subsequent infection of human hosts are influenced by a large number of variables that are important not only to maintain the parasite life cycle but also to determine the outcome and severity of the disease. Among these factors are those related to the environment, particularly surface water distribution, presence of the snail intermediate host, and also factors related to the human host such as age, sex, water contact behavior, type of water supply, genetics, immune response and physiology . Indeed, several studies have been carried out to understand how epidemiological, socioeconomic and behavioral factors can affect the transmission and prevalence of infection  .
Episodic memory allows us to remember past events with a striking level of detail and specificity. How does the brain accomplish this amazing feat? Although the standard reactivation paradigm has generated many important findings , it has one limitation: It focuses on the reinstatement of sets of items  rather on the reinstatement of individual items .
In a recent study we found that orthographically familiar forms of German nouns compared to orthographically unfamiliar forms of the very same phonological words  led to reduced activation in a region of the left visual ventral pathway, in left inferior parietal regions and in a large left inferior frontal language region . The location of the left occipitotemporal region, which showed an orthographic familiarity effect, roughly corresponded to that of the Visual Word Form Area  of Cohen, Dehaene and collaborators . Similar to , we contrasted case deviant and letter deviant forms with familiar forms of German nouns.
Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug used to prevent cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndromes or a history of stroke, myocardial infarction, or peripheral arterial disease. Antiplatelet responses, as measured by ex vivo platelet function testing or aggregometry, are small or absent in approximately one third of patients. CYP2C19, a genetically polymorphic drug metabolizing enzyme, is one of several cytochrome P450 drug metabolizing enzymes that are involved in the two oxidative steps that generate the active metabolite of clopidogrel., Individuals with reduced function CYP2C19 alleles, particularly CYP2C19*2 homozygotes , have lower active metabolite concentrations, which results in diminished antiplatelet responses and higher cardiovascular event rates.
The dysfunction of glycogen synthase kinase 3β has been implicated in a number of diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease. The ability to non invasively quantify GSK 3βactivity in vivo is therefore of critical importance, and this work is focused upon development of inhibitors of GSK 3βradiolabeled with carbon 11 to examine quantification of the enzyme using positron emission tomography  imaging . PyrATP 1 was prepared from the corresponding desmethyl piperazine precursor in an automated synthesis module.
Histone deacetylases  represent a promising new target for drug development in cancer therapy. Compounds that inhibit HDACs are currently being tested in clinical trials as primary or adjunctive anti cancer agents. When cells experience ER stress, such as ER Ca2+ efflux or accumulation of unfolded proteins in the ER, a signal transduction cascade is initiated that triggers the unfolded protein response  .
Metals and alloys are the most commonly used materials for engineering surgically implantable devices in humans. Titanium in particular shows properties which render it a very suitable implant based on its durability and the passively formed oxide film on the metallic surface . Furthermore, titanium is the building block for engineering mechanical cardiac assist devices which can be implanted into patients with end stage heart failure in order to support the heart pump blood through the circulatory system.
Non small cell lung cancer  is a leading cause of cancer related death. PI3Ks are heterodimers that consist of the p110 catalytic subunit and p85 adaptor/regulatory subunits. These enzymes catalyze the conversion of phosphatidylinositol biphosphate  to phosphatidylinositol triphosphate .
Breast cancer ranks as the most common cancer in African American women and is the second leading cause of cancer deaths within low income populations . Although the occurrence of breast cancer in African American women is less than in Caucasians, the five year survival is only 75 percent as compared to 89 percent for Caucasians . It has been estimated that as much as one half of the disparity in breast cancer mortality for African American women, as compared to Caucasian women, can be explained by less frequent breast cancer screening that would have led to treatment at earlier stages of disease when the survival rates are much more favorable  .
Lung cancer, of which 8090% is non small cell lung cancer , has been the leading cause of cancer death in the U.S since the late 1960’s , with median survival below 8 months for disease stages III and IV . Given the wide variation in English fluency, education, culture, immigration history, and socioeconomic status  among API ethnic groups in the U.S. , these groups most likely have differential access to health care, including cancer diagnosis and treatment. Differences in treatment and stage at diagnosis, in turn, are largely responsible for other, well documented racial/ethnic disparities in survival after NSCLC .
Vision loss due to posterior eye diseases, such as age related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, glaucoma, and retinitis pigmentosa, accounts for most of the irreversible blindness world wide . However, effective drug delivery to the posterior segment of the eye still remains a challenge for treating these diseases. Systemic administration requires high doses of drugs and has the potential of causing systemic toxicities .
The vast majority of people in the contemporary US experience sexual debut sometime during adolescence and prior to marriage . Despite this statistical normality, the characterization of adolescent sexual initiation as problematic in the US is largely accepted. Concern about unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections , which are more likely with younger ages at debut , is one rationale for characterizing adolescent debut as a problem behavior.
GnRH neurons form the final common pathway for the central regulation of fertility. GnRH is typically released in pulses of varying frequencies . In addition to episodic release, in females a surge mode of GnRH release also exists in which neural activity and hormone release are elevated for hours .
Each year, more than 175,000 Americans are diagnosed with acute respiratory distress syndrome  . Despite management advances such as the use of lung protective ventilation , ARDS continues to be associated with high morbidity and approximately 30 40% mortality . Patients who develop severe ARDS are typically under represented in clinical trials.
MicroRNAs are evolutionarily conserved, 2025 nucleotide long, non coding RNAs which bind to their targets through partial complementary sequence recognition. Several hundred miRNAs have been identified in human cells . It is estimated that a single miRNA can regulate hundreds of targets, and 30% or more of human mRNAs are regulated by miRNAs .
Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by impairments in social functioning, stereotypica, including mental retardation , and seizure disorders, including epilepsy , are often comorbid with autism . Gamma aminobutyric acid  is the main inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain. There are three classes of GABA receptors: GABAA, GABAB, and GABAC.
Accidental exposure to high doses of ionizing radiation often results in death due to multiple organ dysfunction. Survival as well as lung damage was mitigated by short term treatment with the superoxidedismutase catalase mimetic EUK 207 . used a similar model with 8.912.2 Gy to study radiation induced damage to the kidney.
The primary motor function of the stomach is to receive, store and prepare food for digestion . This task is made possible by the accommodation reflex which, through active relaxation of the gastric fundus, allows for a volume increase without a rise in intragastric  pressure and thus enables the stomach to incorporate large volumes during food intake . Gastric accommodation involves vago vagal reflex pathways that activate inhibitory motor neurons of the enteric nervous system in the gastric wall .
Xenotransplantation promises an unlimited supply of organs for clinical use. Pigs are thought to be the most suitable source of xenografts . Nonetheless, acute humoral xenograft rejection  ensues and leads to intravascular thrombosis .
One possible mechanism of higher cardiovascular mortality associated with the metabolic syndrome  may be through abnormal modulation in autonomic tone . The Twins Heart Study  is an investigation of psychological, behavioral and biological risk factors for subclinical cardiovascular disease using twins. Characteristics of the VET Registry have been previously reported.
Carbon monoxide  is a tasteless, odorless gaseous pollutant ubiquitous in the outdoor atmosphere, that is generated by combustion. The most definitive evidence on CO and CVD comes largely from controlled exposure studies, involving CO inhalation at concentrations to mimic exposures previously typical of urban environments. Findings of earlier epidemiological studies were mixed, and few recent epidemiological studies have been conducted.
Exposure to trauma is common among individuals with substance use disorders , particularly among those with opioid related disorders, and is associated with elevated rates of posttraumatic stress disorder . , Lifetime prevalence estimates of PTSD among patients in methadone maintenance treatment  exceed those for the general population and vary from 14 to 41%. ,,,,, An improved understanding of lifetime trauma exposure and PTSD symptoms among methadone maintained patients with a variety of pain experiences could help resource and program planning for MMT programs.
The proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells  plays a critical role in the formation of vascular lesions, and is the major pathophysiologic mechanism responsible for the failure of interventional therapeutic approaches to treat occlusive vascular disorders, including vein bypass failure, transplant arteriosclerosis, and restenosis after balloon angioplasty . With the recognition of the essential involvement of VSMC proliferation in occlusive vascular disorders, considerable effort has been directed at characterizing biochemical and molecular pathways that regulate the proliferative response of VSMC following arterial injury. Arginase is a binuclear manganese metalloenzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of L arginine to L ornithine and urea .
The prevalence of autism spectrum disorders  has increased since the early 1990s . One in 88 American children have an ASD, a 78% increase from 2002 to 2008 . Consequently, there are a growing number of adolescents with an ASD transitioning into adulthood.
Up to 15,000 children in the United States suffer an out of hospital cardiac arrest  every year. Between 10 and 30% of pediatric OHCA patients treated in the field have sustained return of spontaneous circulation  and survive to be admitted to a pediatric intensive care unit . Of these, <40% survive to hospital discharge.
The last 20 years have witnessed remarkable progress in understanding the cellular origins and molecular mechanisms involved in the development of B cell lineage neoplasms. It has been suggested that nongenetic B cell extrinsic contributions to lymphoma induction, progression and survival may be multiple. They include engagement of the B cell receptor  by self or microbial antigens , influences mediated by T cells activated by microbial pathogens , host inflammatory responses , and the interface between tumor cells and stromal elements such as collagen interactions with integrins and other receptors .
Early adolescents are at a pivotal time in their lives regarding personal decisions that impact their future health. In this challenging stage of child development, social, environmental, and personal factors interact with each other to form the foundation from which most health related decisions develop . Today’s youth are disproportionately affected by HIV/AIDS.
Monoacylglycerol lipase  is a 33 kDa, peripherally associated membrane enzyme of the serine hydrolase superfamily that catalyzes the hydrolysis of monoacylglycerols  to free fatty acid and glycerol . MAGL contains the classical GXSXG consensus sequence common to most serine hydrolases and is predicted by sequence homology to have an α/β hydrolase fold. The catalytic triad has been identified as Ser122, His269, and Asp239 .
Transient protein modification is an essential regulatory mechanism for many biological processes. One type of transient modification, phosphorylation, is predicted to occur on approximately 1/3 of the total proteins encoded within the human genome,. Since the majority of Ser/Thr phosphorylation sites are reversible, the specificity of the phosphatases appears to be low when compared to Ser/Thr kinases .
Y box binding protein 1  is expressed in over 40% of breast cancers, but is most commonly associated with the estrogen receptor  negative subtypes . The activity of YB 1 is contingent upon phosphorylation of its serine 102 residue by p90 ribosomal S6 kinase  . Within the last decade, mounting evidence has supported the notion that cancer arises from a pool of stem/progenitor like cells, colloquially referred to as TICs .
Fc receptors  are cell surface molecules primarily expressed on effector leucocytes of the innate immune system and by binding immunoglobulins provide adaptive immunity with a cell based effector system . There are three classes of leukocyte IgG FcRs  in humans, the high affinity IgG receptor FcγRI  and the low affinity IgG receptors, FcγRII  and FcγRIII  . The two major genes of the huFcγRII family encode FcγRIIa and FcγRIIb and its splice variants.
Proteins have evolved to fold, associate and function within cells or in other physiological fluid media, where the concentration of macromolecules, including proteins, nucleic acids, and carbohydrates, can be as high as 400 g/L . Obviously, the volume occupied by solutes is unavailable to other molecules because two molecules cannot be in the same place at the same time. The thermodynamic consequences of this phenomenon are known as excluded volume effects .
The neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses are the most common cause of pediatric neurodegeneration worldwide. There are 9 different disease variants caused by mutations in 13 identified genes. The clinical presentations of these variants are all very similar, varying primarily in age of onset and speed of progression.
Lateralization is a basic organizational feature of the nervous system that is reflected in the fact that during the course of evolution the relative size of the corpus callosum and anterior commissure has decreased while the size of intrahemispheric circuitry has increased . Thus, as new neurobehavioral functions arise during evolution, such as language, cognitive processes, and complex and coordinated arm movements, they are represented by local, lateralized circuitry. However, such neural organization of motor functions is less well understood .
Mn superoxide dismutase , one of the three mammalian superoxide dismutases, is encoded by a nuclear gene  and is then transported into the mitochondrial matrix. Increased levels of MnSOD have been shown to be protective against acute oxidative insults such as heart ischemia reperfusion injury , MPTP toxicity , adriamycin induced cardiomyopathy , and ionizing radiation damage . Higher levels of MnSOD have also been shown to confer a longer life span in Drosophila  and a longer chronological life span in yeast .
Clinically overt heart failure is the endpoint of a long disease continuum characterized by progressive structural and functional changes of the heart, a dynamic process referred to as cardiac remodeling. Given the current burden of heart failure and the projected increase over the next 5 decades, it is important to understand factors that influence cardiac remodeling over the adult life course. LV mass is an important cardiac remodeling trait that is an intermediate phenotype for heart failure, and is also associated with increased risk for various cardiovascular disease  outcomes.
Hematopoietic stem cells  are able to self renew as well as give rise to all blood lineages. HSCs mainly reside in specialized bone marrow microenvironments, called HSC niches. However, the identity of these signals and the molecular mechanisms governing HSC fate largely remain elusive.
Overweight and obesity are at unprecedented levels. Advertisers capitalize on these responses, inundating potential customers with pictures of juicy hamburgers, crisp fries, and creamy chocolate desserts. These dollars are not wasted; subjective cravings for energy dense  foods are associated with an attentional bias toward those foods , increased eating of ED foods , and future increases in weight  .
In both eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells, cytoskeletal proteins are likely to assemble in vivo into structures with a thickness greater than a single molecule and the formation of lateral interactions between individual filaments and their regulation may have important consequences for understanding filament assembly and function. An example of suprastructures formed in eukaryotic cells is the actin cytoskeleton, where parallel actin bundles have been observed near the cell surface in lamellopodia or filapodia. One of the best studied in vitro system of supramolecular condensates experimentally and theoretically is DNA, which also exists in highly condensed, tightly packed states in viruses and sperm cells in vivo.
Loss of cell polarization and luminal filling of mammary glands are crucial structural alterations in breast cancer . However, the role of transcription factors in regulating the expression of genes implicated in formation of the luminal space and in cell polarization during mammary epithelial gland formation is not well defined . The Runx transcription factors  are essential for organogenesis, and mutations in these genes have been linked to several types of cancer .
Rhabdomyosarcomas are the largest subset of soft tissue sarcomas in infants and children and are highly heterogeneous, clinically aggressive tumors that show varying degrees of skeletal muscle differentiation . The two main histological patterns recognized include embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma  and alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma . Morphologic evaluation alone is often insufficient to make the distinction between ARMS and ERMS as some ARMS lack the alveolar architecture  and ERMS can be densely cellular and poorly differentiated .
Neurotransmission at chemical synapses is initiated by an action potential in the pre synaptic nerve terminal that opens Ca2+ channels and triggers exocytosis of neurotransmitter. Different forms of short term plasticity are recognized based on the pattern of activity required for their generation and the characteristic time course of their decay. In contrast, augmentation and post tetanic potentiation follow repetitive stimulation and last for seconds or minutes, respectively.
Lung cancer is a devastating disease that affects over 200,000 individuals in the U.S. each year . The number of affected individuals throughout the world is, of course, several times greater and it has been estimated that 1.2 million people die worldwide from lung cancer each year . The prognosis for patients diagnosed with lung cancer is often poor and dependent on a number of factors including the stage at which the disease is diagnosed and the responsiveness of the tumor to treatment.
Cytochromes P450  are obligatory enzymes in metabolism of cholesterol, steroid hormones and vitamin D3, in mitochondria . Partial or complete lack of CYP27A1 activity results in a disease cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis manifested by a variety of phenotypes including tendon xanthomas, bilateral cataracts, premature atherosclerosis, osteoporosis, neurological and neuropsychiatric abnormalities . Several different approaches have been used previously to study membrane topology of mitochondrial P450s .
The first evidence incriminating Akt in oncogenesis was provided by studies of acute transforming viruses. The predicted oncoprotein contained viral Gag sequences fused to a cellularly derived protein related to protein kinase C. The oncogenic potential of v akt was found to arise from the creation of a myristylation signal at the amino terminus, with consequent constitutive kinase activity  . Transgenic mice in which the Lck promoter is used to drive expression of MyrAkt  in early thymocyte development are unique among Akt transgenic models in that they develop tumors spontaneously.
LTP in CA1 hippocampal pyramidal neurons is believed to represent one form of the cellular basis for learning and memory . NMDA type glutamate receptor  engagement induces elevation of intracellular calcium, which in turn activates Erk. This event is required for many types of LTP .
Substantial evidence exists to indicate that T cell responses can mediate the suppression and elimination of tumors in animal models and in human subjects . The type of DC most widely used for immunotherapy is the monocyte derived DC , which is differentiated in vitro from peripheral blood monocyte precursors in the presence of IL 4 and GM CSF. Following differentiation, DC must undergo a maturation step before they gain the ability to induce and enhance anti tumor T cell responses .
Angiogenin  is a 14 kDa ribonuclease originally identified as an angiogenic protein  that has been shown to play an important role in tumor angiogenesis . ANG undergoes nuclear translocation in endothelial cells where it stimulates rRNA transcription . Recently, ANG has been shown to be progressively upregulated in prostate cancer  and to play a direct role in cancer cell proliferation by constitutive nuclear translocation in cancer cells where it also stimulates rRNA transcription .
The structural Microtubule Associated Proteins  of neurons consist of two classes,the HMW MAPs  and the Tau family. In contrast with MAP1a,b in which the MT binding domains are located in the N terminal domain , MAP2 and Tau isoforms contain tubulin binding motives in the C terminal domain while the N terminal domain of the molecules form a projection extending away from the MT wall . MAPs accelerate the polymerization of tubulin dimers and induce the stabilization of the MT polymers .
Alcohol abuse and dependence remain public health problems, with the worldwide prevalence of alcohol use disorders being 1.7% and the prevalence in the United States being 8.5% with an annual cost of 185 billion dollars . The deleterious effects of alcohol abuse on societal health are staggering . The central cholinergic system has been implicated in the development of alcohol and/or drug abuse .
TGFβ signals through a heterotetrameric receptor complex comprising type II receptors and type I receptors, both serine/threonine kinases, followed by a canonical SMAD dependent signaling cascade. The TGFβ SMAD cascade in epithelial cells is growth suppressive. The disruption of TGFβ SMAD suppressive signaling is advantageous for the cancer cells to grow .
CD4+ T helper cells can differentiate into different functional subsets defined by patterns of cytokine production , TH2, TH 17). TH 17 cells produce IL 17A, IL 17F, IL 21, and IL 22, and are important in host defense against certain bacteria and fungi and implicated in autoimmune diseases including Crohn’s disease and psoriasis , . IL 4 drives TH2 differentiation; STAT6 has been considered to be the most important STAT protein for mediating IL 4 signaling ,, and STAT5A  was reported to augment IL 4 production by altering chromatin accessibility at the Il4 gene locus in differentiated TH2 cells .
Genital herpes is a chronic, lifelong disease caused by herpes simplex virus  that is characterized by unpredictable recurrences. It is one of the most common sexually transmitted diseases worldwide, and the primary cause of genital ulcer disease in the developed and developing countries . HSV 2 has been the main cause for genital herpes, whereas HSV 1 has been predominantly associated with orofacial infections, herpetic keratitis, and herpes encephalitis .
Valsalva maneuver  is commonly used as a provocative maneuver to augment right to left shunting through patent foramen ovale . Obstructive sleep apnea  occurs when a sleeping patient attempts to inhale against an obstructed airway, and several reports suggest that OSA might also provoke right to left shunting. However, no previous studies explored the hemodynamic basis for this notion.
The extracellular signal regulated kinases ERK1/2 are among the most prominent signal transduction molecules through which extracellular stimuli are propagated from the cell surface to cytoplasmic and nuclear effectors. ERK1  and ERK2  exhibit 84% sequence identity and are uniquely and coordinately activated through the sequential phosphorylation of the classical three tier mitogen activated protein kinase  cascade. The orchestration of cortical development occurs primarily through the actions of growth factors that signal through receptor tyrosine kinases  to control cell cycle initiation, progression, and cell fate decisions in neural progenitor cells .
The human cerebral cortex was first mapped into more than 47 areas by histological descriptions such as cell shapes and packing density . It is unclear how the size and shape of cortical functional areas are accurately organized in order to conduct complex behaviors . This simple and parallel cortical organization makes the mouse an excellent model for the investigation, using genetic and molecular approaches, of how cortical areas are formed in humans .
One out of every four children in the United States fails to achieve basic reading skills by the eighth grade . In the population of children with neurodevelopmental conditions, data suggest that these failure rates are even higher. Learning disorders may occur, independent from intellectual problems.
More than one billion children worldwide live in areas affected by armed conflict. Of these children, a majority live in sub Saharan Africa  . In addition to the risk of physical harm, war affected children often experience direct and indirect exposure to violence, disrupted family functioning, damaged social structures, limited access to a range of traditional or formal services, all of which serve to increase risks for mental health problems .
Both stress urinary incontinence  and pelvic organ prolapse  are common conditions and many women will choose to undergo surgical treatment due to patient preference or dissatisfaction with conservative therapy. Because the prevalence of both SUI and POP have been shown to increase with age,  it is expected that the number of older women undergoing surgical treatment for these conditions will also increase. There is a growing body of evidence showing that although older women may be at higher risk for morbidity following procedures for pelvic floor disorders, the absolute risk of death is very small.
Major depressive disorder  is currently recognized as one of the leading causes of disease related disability worldwide and is predicted to be the leading cause by 2020 . Unfortunately, the debilitating effects of MDD  are not limited to the individuals diagnosed; when parents are depressed, their depression has the potential to adversely impact their children. However, not all research with this population has supported a relation between parental depressive symptoms and negative child outcome .
Prostate cancer is the second most fatal cancer among men in the United States, accounting for approximately 28,000 deaths in 2008 . Considerable epidemiologic attention in prostate cancer has focused on the vitamin D endocrine system and on calcium . Although numerous studies have investigated prostate cancer with respect to calcium intake from the diet, the subject of calcium in serum has received scarce attention, perhaps because calcium levels in serum are believed to be under strict homeostatic control.
Many methods of recombinant protein purification have been developed. One of the most widely used techniques is the His tag affinity purification. A small His tag  is fused to either the N or C terminus of the target protein, enabling capture by nickel or cobalt ions coordinated on a variety of commercially available resins.
Most proteins are marginally stable and degrade by numerous pathways in aqueous solution., The degradation processes can often be inhibited by keeping properly formulated proteins in a frozen state . At a laboratory scale, cryopreservation provides an effective way for researchers to preserve precious protein samples and standards, minimize interexperiment variability and maximize flexibility for experimental design and scheduling. In turn, aggregates of therapeutic proteins may elicit undesirable immune responses, such as the generation of antidrug antibodies.
PPARγ, a dynamic nuclear transcriptional regulator, has well characterized roles in adipocyte differentiation, lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity, . In the PROACTIVE trial, the PPARγ agonist pioglitazone had beneficial effects on the combined secondary endpoints of myocardial infarction, stroke and death. The putative PPARγ agonist lysophosphatidic acid  accelerates neointimal formation after vessel injury in rodents in a PPARγ dependent manner, suggesting that activation of PPARγ may promote the development of intimal hyperplasia.
In the retinal inner plexiform layer , rod and cone pathways are linked to output ganglion cells via abundant gap junctions . Cx36 containing junctions, in particular, exhibit large scale ultrastructural diversity , with different forms correlated with different complements of the gap junction scaffolding and regulatory proteins zonula occludens 1 , ZO 2 and ZONAB  . However, ultrastructural associations of Cx45 with Cx36, morphologies of Cx45 containing gap junctions, and identities of Cx45 associated scaffolding proteins are not established .
The accuracy of diet and disease associations is largely dependent upon the quality of dietary exposure assessment. However, assessing dietary intake in free living populations poses several challenges. Also, although biologically based assessments of nutritional status are optimal, biomarkers are not always feasible or practical for widespread use in population based investigations .
Tuberculosis  is a serious infectious disease caused by the Mycobacterium tuberculosis bacterium. Therefore, there is an urgent need for the development of new drugs and suitable therapeutic targets. The two ZmDXR enzymes present in the PDB have been resolved in complex with an acetate ion in one structure and with NADPH in the other  .
There has been a rapid rise in the use of anti hypertensive medications in pregnancy during the past decade. Recent data demonstrate that the most common 1st trimester antihypertensive exposure is beta adrenergic blocking agents, with nearly 0.5% of all pregnant women exposed to these medications during this trimester. The most concerning potential adverse effect of first trimester medication exposure is teratogenicity.
Alzheimer's disease  is characterized by the presence of β amyloid plaques, composed predominantly of the Aβ peptide, a 40  or 42 amino acid cleavage product of the amyloid precursor protein . Although much is known about the processing of APP to generate or prevent generation of Aβ , relatively little is known about the physiological function of APP itself. The extracellular domain of APP interacts with the extracellular matrix  protein F spondin , and F spondin alters the trafficking of APP and its processing to Aβ .
Vestibular schwannomas  originate from Schwann cells  of the vestibular nerve and typically occur as either unilateral, sporadic tumors or as bilateral tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis type 2  . Both sporadic and NF2 associated VSs result from loss of function of the NF2 tumor suppressor gene . Merlin, the protein product of the NF2 gene, regulates several signaling events that control tumor growth .
Men with a family history of prostate cancer and African American men are at increased risk for developing prostate cancer , with subsets at increased risk of aggressive disease and/or death from the disease . There is a need to better refine risk estimates for prostate cancer among high risk men in order to provide individualized screening recommendations based on predicted risk . BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations have been reported to raise the risk for prostate cancer in males from families with hereditary breast and ovarian cancer syndrome  .
Translation termination takes place when one of three stop codons is recognized by a proteinaceous class 1 release factor  in the A site of the ribosome. These local structural changes, triggered by cognate codon recognition, lead to global rearrangements  in the ribosome that result in accelerated rates of GTPase activation  and tRNA accommodation, and thus to accurate tRNA selection during the elongation cycle. And, again, these views yielded detailed information only on the structural state of the decoding center and for the near cognate case only when paromomycin was simultaneously bound.
Helicobacter pylori  infection is among the most frequent human bacterial infections worldwide. Chronic H. pylori infection is a risk factor for peptic ulcer disease and gastric cancer, yet there remain gaps in knowledge regarding its natural history and determinants of chronic infection. The infection is usually acquired in childhood,,  but patterns of persistence and spontaneous clearance have not been well described.
“Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.” Mark TwainDeep brain stimulation  is an effective treatment for many neurological diseases, ameliorating select disease features by modulating brain activity. DBS of various brain regions and circuit pathways has been employed to treat many basal ganglia related disorders . DBS has been utilized more recently to treat medication refractory neuropsychiatric disease  .
Allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplant  is used as a curative therapy for a large number of malignant and non malignant hematologic diseases. Graft versus host disease  is the major reason for non relapse mortality and is staged and graded according to severity of symptoms in three target organs . Effective GVHD prevention remains an area of active clinical research, but at present most patients are administered prophylactic agents that interfere with T lymphocyte numbers or function .
Myasthenia gravis  and experimental autoimmune myasthenia gravis , are caused by antibody mediated autoimmune responses to nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  which impair neuromuscular transmission . At least half of the autoantibodies in both MG and EAMG are directed at the main immunogenic region  on AChR α1 subunits . The α1 sequence 6676, the MIR loop, is crucial to the MIR .
As part of the development of atherosclerotic plaques, calcium is deposited in the arterial wall by a process that is histologically similar to bone formation. Coronary calcium occurs exclusively in atherosclerotic arteries and is absent in the normal vessel wall. Thoracic calcification may be atherosclerotic and also contribute to aortic stiffness, which has also been associated with adverse outcomes.
Gastrointestinal stromal tumors  are the most common mesenchymal tumors of the gastrointestinal tract, with an estimated annual incidence of 5,0006,000 cases in the United States . Approximately 1015% of GISTs from adult patients lack mutations in these genes . Tumor response to IM correlates with KIT or PDGFRA mutational status .
The noradrenergic nucleus locus coeruleus  provides the sole source of noradrenergic innervation of the main olfactory bulb  . Noradrenergic fibers terminate in all but the most superficial MOB layers, densely targeting the internal plexiform and granule cell  layers with a more moderate density in the mitral cell and external plexiform layers . The LC system plays well documented roles in modulation of behavioral state and sensory processing including olfactory function.
Craniofacial wounds resulting from injury trauma or iatrogenic sources  present a major problem for surgery. However, problems exist with this approach , including the shortage of the amount of available bony tissue that can be harvested from the patient  and associated significant morbidities . More recently attention has been paid to growth factor therapies, specifically bone morphogenetic protein 2 , a member of the transforming growth factor beta  superfamily.
Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease  is the most common monogenic kidney disease and the fourth leading cause of end stage kidney disease worldwide., Polycystic liver disease , arbitrarily defined as the presence of any liver cyst, is its most common extrarenal expression., Symptoms of PLD relate to effects from the volume of hepatic cysts or complications such as cyst hemorrhage, rupture, or infection. Massive hepatomegaly can cause compression of the adjacent gastrointestinal tract, vasculature, and diaphragm. Highly symptomatic PLD has become more common due to reduced cardiovascular mortality, extended renal survival and life expectancy on renal replacement therapy.
Herpes simplex virus type 1  is widespread, with seropositivity estimates of 45% to 98% worldwide and 57% to 85% of adults in the United States . HSV 1induced diseases, including genital lesions, cold sores in and around the mouth, corneal disease that can lead to impaired vision, and viral encephalitis, are all more likely to occur following viral reactivations rather than primary infection. The HSV 1 latency associated transcript  gene is the only viral gene whose transcript is readily and consistently detected during neuronal latency .
N methyl D aspartate receptors  mediate excitatory transmission and are involved in synaptic function associated with long term synaptic changes, oscillations, bursting behavior, learning, and memory . Acetylcholine  released from terminals of neurons whose cell body are located in the Nucleus Basalis  modulates the behavior of many cortical areas by activation of muscarinic receptors  and nicotinic receptors . Excitatory synaptic transmission in the primary auditory neocortex is subject to a particularly intense cholinergic modulation .
Reactive oxygen species , such as superoxide  and hydrogen peroxide , are implicated in the development of multiple cardiovascular disease pathologies, including hypertension, atherosclerosis and restenosis. Physiologically, ROS mediate many cellular functions such as proliferation, gene expression, migration, differentiation, and cytoskeletal remodeling. One major source of ROS is the NADPH oxidase  family of enzymes .
Type 1 diabetes  is a common chronic illness that affects approximately 1 in every 400600 youth in the United States under the age of 20 . The impact of T1D care on parent functioning is extensive. Parents of both preschool and older age children with T1D regularly experience elevated levels of parenting stress, anxiety, and depression .
Integrins are among the most important cell adhesion molecules in metazoa. They play a key role in development, immune responses, leukocyte trafficking, homeostasis and cancer. The β subunits contain an I like domain, which is inserted within the hybrid domain.
Injury to the recurrent laryngeal nerve  results in vocal fold paresis or paralysis. Treatment with neurotrophic growth factors such as vascular endothelial growth factor  is one approach that has the potential to preserve and restore functional innervation to axotomized vocal folds. In the nervous system, alternative splicing results in the generation of at least 5 different VEGF isoforms .
For several decades, the go to list of behavioral risk factors for chronic disease epidemiology has included smoking, alcohol consumption, physical activity, diet, and body habitus. In recent years, some researchers have added sleep duration to this list . These associations are particularly alarming when coupled with the common assertion that Americans are sleeping less than they used to, suggesting that a long term societal trend in sleep duration could be a significant contributor to the serious public health problems of increasing obesity and diabetes .
A variety of distinct visual manual signed languages have emerged, independently of the surrounding spoken languages, in Deaf communities around the globe. The question arises whether the right and left hemispheres play the same relative roles during language processing in signers as they do in speakers. Left hemisphere  damage in signers results in typical patterns of aphasia , while RH lesions have more subtle, if any, effects on grammar, fluency, or semantics .
An estimated 5.4 million South Africans are infected with the human immunodeficiency virus  . For example, this challenging task is more difficult when one seeks to translate a health measure from one language to another  as compared to producing a same language version . For example, translating a measure of nutritional intake would require one to establish an understanding of the types of locally available foods and measurement system , but would not require the researcher to establish whether individuals in the target group ingests food to survive.
Sex steroids and glucocorticoids have long been utilized in the clinic to control allergy, asthma and autoimmune diseases due to their anti inflammatory effects. Multiple sclerosis  is a debilitating neurological autoimmune disease with higher incidence in women. However, MS relapse rates are decreased during late pregnancy and treatment with pregnancy levels of estriol reduces CNS lesions.
Verbs are fundamentally different from nouns. Verb argument structure can specify one, two, or three nominal arguments in roles such as agent, theme, recipient, goal or experiencer. Despite this apparent vulnerability of verb argument structure in SLI, only a few studies have yet compared object naming with action naming in children with SLI using a picture naming task .
Collapse of the primary cavitation bubbles generated by a high intensityacoustic pulse can produce an extensive population of residual bubble nuclei . The resulting daughter bubbles are microscopic in size  and can persist for tens of milliseconds or even full seconds , depending on the conditions underwhich they were generated. As such, residual bubble nuclei imparta cavitation memory to their host medium, influencing the threshold, extent, anddistribution of ensuing cavitation events  .
Two significant milestones have characterized the pediatric HIV epidemic. The next major hurdle is the containment of the epidemic in resource limited settings, particularly in HIV infected children. The HIV 1 RNA levels remain relatively high and fluctuate over the years in symptomatic as well as in asymptomatic children, making it a less reliable tool for prediction of disease progression and for initiation of therapy .
With the recent development of molecularly targeted agents, numerous epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors  have been developed and some are approved for treatment of nonsmall cell lung cancer , head and neck squamous cell carcinoma , and colorectal cancer . There are two main classes of EGFRIs:  small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors  such as gefitinib and erlotinib, and  monoclonal antibodies such as cetuximab and panitumumab. Although the response rates to these agents as monotherapy in unselected patients are modest, several studies have shown that survival is improved even in unselected patients .
Poly polymerase  1 and 2 enzymes regulate DNA damage repair and maintain genomic stability in cells. Inhibition of DNA repair by small molecule PARP inhibitors potentiates DNA damage caused by cytotoxic chemotherapies, including cyclophosphamide . Clinical activity is observed with PARP inhibitors alone and in combination with cytotoxic chemotherapy in patients with breast or ovarian cancers carrying germline BRCA mutations  .
Total joint replacement  is a highly successful procedure for the treatment of severe destructive arthritis. While failures of the surgery due to infections and errors have been greatly reduced in recent years, aseptic prosthetic loosening remains the most common complication of total joint replacement and represents a major problem for the long term success and survival of prostheses. These cytokines in turn provoke cellular proliferation, promote osteoclastogenesis, and stimulate mature osteoclasts to absorb the adjacent bone.
Central sensitization is a complex phenomenon of synaptic plasticity characterized by the rapid onset activity dependent increase in the excitability of nociceptive spinal dorsal horn neurons . It has recently become clear that there are distinct forms of central sensitization. These include other immediate onset, transcription independent phenomena, such as wind up and long term potentiation .
Genetic factors are important for developing a psychotic disorder, the heritability for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, the two most common psychotic illnesses, are both above 0.80 . While recent genome wide association studies have successfully localized a number of statically significant risk loci, these findings only explain a fraction of the genetic variance associated with psychotic illnesses. Comprehensive neuropsychological research has established cognitive impairment as an intrinsic feature of psychosis .
A key step in the progression of atherosclerotic lesions is formation of lipid loaded macrophage foam cells. Soluble lipoproteins accumulate at sites of atherosclerotic plaque formation where they undergo modification, aggregation and anchoring to the extracellular matrix. These cholesteryl ester  filled foam cells acquire new biological properties, particularly loss of motility; secretion of cytokines, growth factors and proteases; and induction of apoptosis, .
Food allergies pose significant risk of morbidity and mortality, particularly in young children. Broadly, the hygiene hypothesis suggests that reduced exposure to pathogens or their components early in life results in an increased IgE response to allergens and a subsequent increase in allergic diseases. Despite not knowing the precise immune mechanisms that account for increased frequencies of atopic patients, one approach to testing the hygiene hypothesis has been to identify inverse relationships between rates of allergic hypersensitivities and immunity to pathogens in hypersensitive patients.
The temporal fine structure of a sound is the cycle by cycle timing of the waveform. Electrical stimulation of the auditory nerve through cochlear implants bypasses that imprecision. For those reasons, one might hypothesize that temporal perception should be more acute in electrical hearing than in normal hearing.
Astrocytes have recently gained prominence as essential mediators of the brain’s innate immune response to a variety of brain insults including infection. In addition, astrocytes upregulate the intermediate filament glial fibrillary acidic protein  and form a physical barrier around the microbes and the infiltrating immune cells. This barrier function is a key characteristic of astrocytes during infection and serves to protect the brain from immune cell infiltration and neuronal injury .
Parkinson disease  is a prevalent neurodegenerative movement disorder characterized pathologically by the rather selective loss of dopaminergic  neurons in the substantia nigra pars compacta . Of these, LRRK2 mutations are currently recognized as the most common genetic cause of parkinsonism . To date, a large number of LRRK2 mutations have been identified.
Fucosidosis caused by deficiency of the lysosomal enzyme α L fucosidase is a progressive neurological lysosomal storage disease . Hypomyelination is the failure of normal myelin deposition that is attributable to oligodendrocyte dysfunction during active postnatal myelination . Downregulation of oligodendrocyte and myelin specific genes at 16 weeks in the frontal cerebrum of fucosidosis affected pups  suggests that the 14% loss of corpus callosum myelin in fucosidosis at this time   may be due to hypomyelination, rather than active myelin destruction.
Dentin matrix protein 1 , originally postulated to be dentin specific , was later detected in bone . The distinctive feature of DMP1 is the presence of many acidic domains, a property that implicates it is a possible participant in regulating matrix mineralization. The importance of DMP1 in biomineralization has been demonstrated by a number of studies  .
Photodynamic therapy  is an emerging treatment that has been used to treat malignant, premalignant, and benign conditions . It has received health regulatory agency approval in many countries throughout the world, and clinical trials continue to establish new applications. Among these, an interesting and pressing application of PDT is in treating malignant tumors in patients that have not responded to more traditional therapies or which have recurred and may be otherwise untreatable  .
Pain is a compound sensation that indicates real or potential injury. One way to characterize afferent pain pathways is to distinguish between phylogenetically younger ascending nociceptive pathways that convey sensory discriminative information from the spinal cord to the ventral posterolateral thalamus and somatosensory cortex, and phylogenetically older pathways that terminate in the medial/intralaminar complex of the thalamus and limbic areas, and are involved in affective and cognitive aspects of pain as well as stress responses . Processing of nociceptive information in higher brain structures activates descending pathways that modulate pain.
Bacterial DNA topoisomerase I belongs to the type IA family of DNA topoisomerase. This class of enzyme removes excess negative supercoiling from chromosomal DNA by cleaving the single stranded region of negatively supercoiled DNA while forming a covalent complex with the cleaved DNA, followed by passage of a second single DNA strand through the break, and rejoining of the cleaved DNA strand. Topoisomerase poisons targeting type IB and type IIA topoisomerases are effective antibacterial and anti cancer agents because these drugs can inhibit the DNA rejoining step of these topoisomerases .
Signaling from receptors in the plasma membrane requires a strong correlation between the extracellular stimulus and downstream intracellular events if information is not to be lost. The mechanisms by which changes in extracellular stimulus intensity are reliably converted into graded changes in cellular activity have not been fully resolved. IP3 receptors  are intracellular Ca2+ channels located on the endoplasmic reticulum .
During development, extracellular cues activate conserved signal transduction pathways, which trigger changes in gene expression and ultimately lead to pleiotropic effects, including growth and differentiation. Moreover, a dominant active form of Stat3 called Stat3 c is oncogenic, transforms fibroblasts and causes tumors in nude mice . We and others have previously shown that the JAK/STAT pathway plays important roles in growth and patterning of the Drosophila eye.
Dog allergy is a public health burden highly associated with both asthma and allergic rhinitis. Contributing to this disease burden is the presence of around 53 million domestic dogs in the United States residing in approximately 33% of US homes. The magnitude of this problem makes it important to identify factors related to the accumulation of the major dog allergen Canis familiaris 1  in homes .
Growth factors are strongly associated with cancer development. Insulin like growth factor 1  and IGF2 are major growth factors involved in development and growth. During fetal growth IGF2 plays the main role in development and mice with IGF2 disruption exhibit serious growth retardation at birth .
Red cell distribution width  is routinely assessed as part of the complete blood count  to gather information on the heterogeneity in the size of circulating erythrocytes. Computationally, RDW is the coefficient of variation of the mean corpuscular volume  and therefore higher RDW values reflect greater heterogeneity in MCV , which is usually caused by perturbation in erythrocyte maturation or degradation. The RDW is used as an auxiliary index to help diagnose different types of anemia, but has also been evaluated as a potential screening marker for colon cancer and celiac disease because of its responsiveness to subtle nutrient deficiency.
The master circadian clock in mammals is a gene driven neural network that temporally regulates behavior and physiology. 20,000 neurons, and is located in the suprachiasmatic nuclei of the hypothalamus  . At a gross level, the SCN's control of circadian behavior is clearly established as SCN lesions result in behavioral circadian arrhythmicity  that can be restored by SCN transplants .
Salmonella enterica is a leading cause of bacterial gastro enteritis in humans worldwide . While most S. enterica infections are self limiting, serious cases often require treatment with antibiotics. For several decades, an increase in antibiotic resistance has been noted in S. enterica, as in other gram negative bacteria .
Herbicides represent an important group of agricultural pesticides. Propanil exposure has been associated with toxicity in humans and other mammals. Chloracne observed in industrial workers during propanil manufacture was originally ascribed to propanil, but subsequent studies have demonstrated that this toxicity was due to chemical contaminants .
A preovulatory prolactin surge is evident on proestrous afternoon in rats . The preovulatory rise in progesterone  on proestrous afternoon augments the magnitude or extends the duration of this prolactin surge . This proestrous prolactin surge may have a luteolytic role to maintain the estrous cycle  .
One important observation about trabecular bone is its ability to adapt its structure according to the specific mechanical environment, as commonly defined as “Wolff's law” . To overcome the limitation of the current bone imaging techniques, researchers have developed alternative modalities to assess bone quality and predict fracture risk . Quantitative ultrasound , a safe, low cost, portable, radiation free and noninvasive imaging tool, has been widely used for bone quality assessment since it was introduced  .
A common mechanism through which activated receptor tyrosine kinases control intracellular pathways involves recruitment of SH2 containing proteins with regulatory or adaptor functions . Loss of inhibitors can result in dysregulation of growth factor signaling, promoting the re wiring of metabolic pathways in a manner that supports rapid growth and cell survival. This re wiring provides proliferating cells with biosynthetic precursors from increased glucose derived carbon intermediates that are essential for increasing cell biomass .
Rapid advances in magnetic resonance imaging  have enabled noninvasive exploration of the human brain with increasing level of detail. Large databases of MR images are being assembled to enable researchers to examine subtle relationships between quantitative brain anatomy, disease progression, treatment regimens, risk, and other factors for various diseases. This research has been recently extended to an investigation of genetic influences on brain structure.
Sudden cardiac death  results in 250,000 to 400,000 deaths in the United States annually. Coronary heart disease , with or without myocardial infarction , is the most common substrate underlying SCD in the western world, being responsible for approximately 75% of SCDs. However, the majority of individuals who die suddenly are not in recognized high risk subsets, and over half have no clinically recognized heart disease prior to death.
Over 40 years ago, Tokuhata and Lilienfeld  provided clear epidemiologic evidence for familial aggregation of lung cancer after accounting for personal smoking, suggesting the possible interaction of genes and smoking behavior in the etiology of lung cancer. The familial effects were most pronounced among smoking relatives, for which the case relatives showed a 2.4 fold higher risk compared to smoking relatives of controls. similarly showed a 2.5 fold higher risk in the relatives of cases compared with controls after conditioning on smoking behavior and age.
Differentiation between acute and older MIs is of great importance in clinical decision making. In the last decade, delayed enhancement  inversion recovery gradient echo  MRI with standard extracellular contrast agents became the most important and accurate imaging tool for assessing either the localization, the transmurality, or the extent, of MIs . DE is also capable of differentiating stunned myocardium from necrotic tissue in the acute phase , and hibernated myocardium from scar tissue in the chronic phase, of a MI .
Unintended pregnancy, defined as a pregnancy that is either unwanted or mistimed, is a serious global health issue related to a host of adverse health outcomes  including maternal and infant/child morbidity and mortality  as well as negative social consequences, such as school drop out . In 2012, 42% of pregnancies in Honduras were either unwanted or mistimed . Although there have been major improvements in health status in recent decades in Latin America, these improvements have not been equally distributed across socioeconomic groups.
Proponents of translational research have identified practice based research  and practice based research networks  as essential for answering questions relevant to primary care and for overcoming barriers to the implementation of existing evidence into community based primary care practice. Family physicians in PBRNs have been contributing new knowledge to the discipline of family medicine for the past three decades. The Ambulatory Sentinel Practice Network  began collecting data in 1982 and published research on important primary care subjects such as headaches, spontaneous abortion, cough in children and carpal tunnel syndrome.
Epithelial to mesenchymal transition  enables the migration of epithelial cells into connective tissues, a critical process for embryonic development . It has also been shown that epithelial cells can be endowed with stem like properties through EMT . It has been recently shown that EMT is modulated by transcription factors that regulate E cadherin, e.g. Snail , Twist , and ZEB1 .
Coffee and tea, the most frequently consumed beverages in the world, contain high levels of caffeine and polyphenols. Caffeine is well known to be a stimulant of the central nervous system and has many physiological effects on the brain, including decreasing cerebral blood flow . Although the in vivo effects of caffeine on brain tumors are not known, decreased cerebral blood flow could potentially affect angiogenesis by reducing access to nutrients and oxygen.
Among the multiple forms of age related hearing loss , the form associated with degeneration of cochlear stria vascularis  has been suggested to demonstrate the clearest genetic influences in humans . However, few mouse strains have been shown to possess the essential feature of this condition, namely delayed decline in the endocochlear potential . Through a detailed comparison of BALB/cJ  and C57BL/6J  mice, we showed that BALBs exhibit a lifelong EP pattern that is predicted by the density of strial marginal cells , while the overall appearance of the stria remains largely normal.
Adenovirus  has been found in every class of vertebrates including mammals, birds, fish, amphibians and reptiles . At least 11 structural proteins combine to form the non enveloped icosahedral adenovirus capsid that contains the dsDNA protein core complex. Each capsid facet has 12 trimers of the major coat protein, hexon.
The majority of cancer occurs as a result of alterations in oncogenes. Ligands of EGFR bind to the ectodomain of the receptor, leading to the formation of catalytically active receptor homo  and heterodimers in which the EGFR associates with other ErbB receptors. Although HER2 cannot bind any of the ErbB ligands directly, its catalytic activity can potently amplify signaling by ErbB containing heterodimers .
Human immunodeficiency virus  infection within the central nervous system  causes a variety of neuropathological changes. Neurons are not generally thought to be infected by HIV, although latent neuron infection has been reported . Neuropathology is instead mediated by direct neurotoxic actions of released viral proteins, or secondarily, through toxic effects orchestrated by glial cells .
Parkinson's disease  is characterized by progressive nigrostriatal degeneration and deficits in dopamine transmission. A pathological hallmark of PD are Lewy bodies  that present as intracellular inclusions of aggregated proteins and lipids in dopaminergic  neurons . In transgenic mutant α syn mice, and in mice treated with 1 methyl 4 phenyl 1,2,3,6 tetrahydopyridine  and rotenone  similar microglial responses are operative.
While many youth face obstacles to the successful development of sexual health, gay and bisexual youth and other young men who have sex with men  face particular challenges in this respect due to lack of support in the settings that traditionally promote positive youth development. Parents, who play a critical role in the development of sexual health among heterosexual youth , may become silent in this respect if they are unaware or unwilling to acknowledge the sexual orientation of their children. Unfortunately, peers may victimize sexual minority youth , which can produce shame that inhibits self acceptance.
Living organisms exhibit daily rhythms in physiology, behaviour, and gene expression due to the existence of endogenous circadian clocks. These clocks synchronize biological processes to the 24 h light/dark cycle, allowing the organisms to anticipate changes in their environment. In metazoans, the generation of circadian rhythmicity appears to be consequence of specialised tissues known as “master clocks”, which have different locations among species, i.e. lateral neurons in Drosophila , the pineal gland and retina in fish , pineal gland, retina and hypothalamus in birds , and the hypothalamic suprachiasmatic nuclei  in mammals  .
Advancing age has a significant impact on retinal structure, physiology and function. Age is a leading risk factor in age related macular degeneration, glaucoma, and vascular occlusive diseases., However, most optically based BF imaging techniques are limited to imaging the fovea or the optic nerve head, are confounded by media opacity if present , and are qualitative or semi quantitative which makes comparison across different subjects challenging . In awake humans, the challenges of BF MRI are eye motion and limited spatial resolution of clinical MRI systems.
A number of mental disorders and altered physiological states are increasingly being associated with fetal antecedent events . Around the time of birth, the sex steroid hormone environment is important for brain sexual differentiation and the development of neuroendocrine systems; however, the precise timing of critical periods differs between species. Vinclozolin is a widely used dicarboximide fungicide previously described as an anti androgenic compound in mammals .
Numerous studies have shown that limitations in activities of daily living  are associated with institutionalization, death, and high health care costs. Because of this, assessment of ADL function has become a key component of geriatric assessment. However, ADL difficulty represents a fairly advanced stage of functional decline, and identification of older adults at risk for future ADL disability is important for prevention.
Neuronal cell death following traumatic brain injury  has been attributed to direct mechanical injury or to post traumatic secondary mechanisms that are activated weeks to months following brain injury . There is increased expression, cleavage and activation of caspases after TBI . While the cellular mechanisms underlying neuronal cell death in TBI are not fully understood, many studies have found that expression of several members of the Bcl 2 family is altered after brain injury .
In functional studies of the mouse brain, transgenic lines have played an invaluable role in various strategies including: labeling specific neurons by fluorescent protein expression, knocking out or over expressing genes in specific cell types, and ablating or inhibiting activity of specific neuronal populations. New molecular tools developed over the last decade have transformed approaches to study neural circuitry and plasticity with exquisite detail and control . For example, use of transgenic mice that express fluorescent markers at relatively high levels in defined neuronal populations, such as Thy1 EYFP, has facilitated detailed studies of the properties of a single neuron: morphology, connectivity, electrophysiology and gene expression, , and permits long term in vivo imaging.
Degeneration of the intervertebral disc  is a common and significant source of morbidity in our society. From 25% to 80% of adults over the course of their life will experience an episode of significant low back pain and as many as 90% of these people will improve without formal treatment. However, for those with low back pain that does not resolve spontaneously, surgical management may be indicated.
Cigarette smoking is a chronic illness characterized by repeated cycles of quit attempts and relapse. Most models for addressing smoking cessation are based on single, short term interventions lasting only a few weeks or months . Although most smokers will not quit after a single intervention, few studies have addressed the chronic nature of nicotine dependence by providing systematic, repetitive treatment opportunities .
  Light adapted adult zebrafish  were decapitated according to an Animal Study Protocol approved by the Animal Care and Use Committee of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, NIH, in accordance with National Research Council Guidelines and Public Health Service Policy on Humane Care and Use of Laboratory Animals. Fish were kindly donated by The Laboratory of Molecular Genetics, NICHD, NIH. Eyes were removed and mounted upright on squares of black nitrocellulose filter paper .
Globally, 247 million people are infected with malaria every year, which causes 881,000 deaths annually. Maternal malaria infection occurs partly because infected erythrocytes  accumulate in the placenta . Women acquire immunity to pregnancy associated malaria  by generating antibodies against PAM variant surface antigens  in a gravidity dependent manner .
Cholinergic neurons of the medial septum  that project to the hippocampus play an important role in learning, memory, and attentional processes, and have long been associated with the acquisition of working memory tasks . More recently, investigations utilizing the selective cholinergic immunotoxin 192 IgG Saporin  have found that lesioning cholinergic neurons of the MS has little or no effect on working memory in tests such as the Morris water maze . However, this same lesion significantly delays acquisition of a delayed matching to position  T maze task, which also requires intact working memory .
The normal development of cortical regions of the mammalian brain depends on the migrations of neuronal precursors from germinal zones and assembly into neuronal laminae, where synaptic connections form . In higher vertebrates, radial glial fibers guide the migration of the principal output neurons of the cerebral cortex and the two major classes of neurons in the cerebellar cortex, the Purkinje neuron and the granule cell. Since migration disorders are associated with cortical malformations, mental retardation and epilepsy , a clearer understanding of the molecular control of CNS neuronal migration could be relevant to the diagnosis and treatment of human brain disorders .
The overall health problems related to schistosomiasis seems greater than ever; according to recent estimates up to 210 million people are infected with the disease in more than 76 countries , and an additional 779 million people are at risk of acquiring this infection . This is primarily because of the suboptimal success rates of most conventional control approaches especially as it relates to the developing world. Thus, the emphasis has been placed to develop new approaches involving a vaccine as an addition to the existing methods to control morbidity and mortality of the disease .
Exosomes are virus sized vesicles, ranging from 20100nm in size, and enveloped by a phospholipid membrane . There is also some evidence that microvesicles might have properties and functions distinct from exosomes  . Studies of exosomes have been largely performed using supernatants of cultured cells.
Ergosterol modulates membrane fluidity, stability, permeability and the activities of membrane bound enzymes in fungi. The transcription factors Upc2p and Ecm22p are major regulators of ergosterol biosynthesis in S.cerevisiae. Upc2p and Ecm22p are Zn CyS binuclear cluster transcription factors  and bind a conserved cis octamer SRE within promoters of ERG genes .
Staphylococcus aureus is an aggressive pathogen that is responsible for a wide array of diseases ranging from pyogenic skin infections and food poisoning to complicated life threatening diseases such as bacteremia and endocarditis . Peptidoglycan hydrolases are enzymes that hydrolyse the peptidoglycan of the bacterial cell wall. These enzymes in S. aureus include N acetyl muramidase, N acetyl glucosaminidase, N acetylmuramyl L alanine amidase and endopeptidase .
Pervasive Developmental Disorders  are lifelong, neurodevelopmental conditions characterized by impairments in social interaction and communication skills, as well as repetitive behavior and unusual preoccupations. Not surprisingly, aggression is a common chief complaint of parents and educators. Behavioral treatment of aggression can be challenging, expensive and often requires expertise that may not be available in all communities.
Psychiatric epidemiological studies have consistently demonstrated a significant gap between the need for and availability of mental health services in the United States. Despite improvements in the available psychosocial and medication treatments, this gap remains discouragingly wide, especially among many vulnerable populations including ethnic minorities. Currently, Latinos represent over 14% of the US population and are projected to represent nearly one third of the US population by 2050.
Post radiotherapy fragility fractures are a frequent complication in cancer survivors. ; Radiation is effective in soft tissue sarcoma and carcinoma treatment, but underlying bone damage is common. Pelvic fracture rates range from is 9.520% , while rib fracture rates  range from 821% depending on dose.
Primary open angle  glaucoma is a leading cause of vision impairment and blindness in the United States and worldwide. The incidence of glaucoma increases with age, and it is higher among African Americans than most other racial and ethnic groups. As a broad category, thyroid condition may potentially have an effect on the development of glaucoma.
Tuberculosis  continues to be a world health problem of staggering proportions. There are an estimated nine million new cases and two million deaths annually, making TB the most common infectious cause of death . ETA, and other second line anti tuberculosis drugs, exhibit higher rates of adverse drug reactions, including hepatotoxicity  .
Peptide libraries are commonly used in a variety of endeavors including identifying peptide DNA interactions , as surrogates for screening protein protein interactions , and as a basis for finding potential peptidic drug molecules. Typically, peptides for libraries have been produced via solid phase synthesis, which involves sequential coupling of amine protected amino acids to resin bound amino acids. The resulting libraries generally contain peptides no longer than 15 20 amino acids, which can prove limiting in applications requiring longer peptides.
Gene based drugs typically require a carrier to facilitate delivery into cell nuclei, where they are transcribed and later translated into proteins that can elicit a therapeutic effect. One of the most effective and commonly used cationic polymers is polyethylenimine ; however, it is non degradable and has a high density of positive amino groups that contribute to its cytotoxicity. In vivo, PEI aggregates and accumulates in the lungs and liver upon systemic administration due to strong electrostatic interactions with cell membranes, proteins, and the extracellular matrix., Several other cationic materials such as poly,, chitosan, poly , and poly  have also been investigated and are able to achieve transfection efficiencies comparable to that of PEI but with the advantage of improved cell viability.
Spinal bulbar muscular atrophy  is an adult onset, slowly progressive lower motoneuron disease characterized by proximal limb and bulbar muscle weakness and atrophy affecting primarily men. This disease is linked to an expansion of a CAG repeat in the androgen receptor  gene, coding for an expanded polyglutamine  repeat in the AR protein . Most clinical evaluations conclude that muscle pathology represents neurogenic atrophy that is secondary to motoneuronal death  .
Gastric motility is initiated and coordinated by an underlying omnipresentslow wave activity, that is generated by the interstitial cells of Cajal. Slow wavespropagate through the ICC networks and conduct to adjacent smooth muscle layers,inducing contractions when co regulatory conditions are met, such as after ameal. Loss of ICC networksand altered slow wave activity have been implicated in the pathogenesis offunctional gastric disorders, such as gastroparesis, a condition in which thestomach fails to empty normally in the absence of an obstruction.
Inhibitory control is a multi faceted cognitive process that facilitates resistance to interference from irrelevant environmental stimuli and the suppression of previously activated inappropriate motor responses . In essence, inhibitory control is the ability to restrain behaviors that would disrupt the efficient completion of a goal. Regardless, impaired inhibitory control is neither necessary nor sufficient to account for ADHD symptoms alone .
Recent studies have led to the emergence of a new class of genes with a specific anti cancer activity. Some of the factors are in clinical trials and show promising results. We have recently presented ORCTL3 as one of the members of this growing, functionally defined gene family that we collectively named “anticancer genes”.
Chlamydiae sps are obligate intracellular bacterial pathogens of humans and animals. Shortly after invasion, EBs differentiate into RBs and replicate within a membrane bound parasitophorous vacuole termed an “inclusion”. The inclusion expands as bacteria replicate and is maintained as a large intact organelle.
Current therapy for HCV infection consists of pegylated interferon  and ribavirin  . However, less than 50% of treated patients infected with HCV genotype 1 achieve sustained virologic response  or a cure of the infection . Treatment options currently in development include drugs that target the HCV encoded NS3 4A serine protease and the NS5B RNA dependent RNA polymerase  .
Although inhibitory behavior has been the focus of substantial prior research, most studies have emphasized motor inhibition by measuring performance variables such as stop signal reaction time or levels of premature responding . Far fewer studies have considered the process by which individuals learn to omit a response. Yet, learning to withhold a behavioral response when signaled by a cue in the environment is an essential aspect of adaptive behavior.
Despite the development of highly active antiretroviral therapy , people who use illicit drugs continue to experience high levels of preventable HIV/AIDS related morbidity and mortality . To date, studies from a wide variety of settings indicate that people who use illicit drugs  have lower rates of HAART initiation , are less likely to achieve virological suppression , and experience higher rates of mortality  . A number of studies have identified links between common psychoactive agents, including cannabis, heroin and cocaine, and relevant immunologic or virologic parameters .
Metagenomics uses gene expression patterns to understand the taxonomy and metabolic activities of microbial communities. Metaproteomics applies the same approach to community proteomes. Previously, we used a novel three dimensional peptide separation method to identify over 2,000 salivary proteins, including 139 of microbial origin.
Alcohol and tobacco use each contribute 4% to the global burden of disease, with illicit drugs contributing an additional 0.8% . This measure combines years of life lost due to premature mortality with years of life lived with disabling conditions . In the U.S., binge drinking  results in more than half of the 79,000 annual deaths due to excessive drinking  .
  Demographic information about the participants is presented in . Siblings were included regardless of overall intellectual functioning. Participants recruited from the community were only included if intellectual functioning fell within the range seen in the NF1 group, to ensure that children with high intellectual functioning were not overrepresented.
Although not high in frequency, negative interpersonal interactions such as conflict with family and friends, teasing or harassment by peers, and being reprimanded by parents or teachers are a feature of the adolescent experience . Interpersonal stressors such as these are examples of low frequency events that nevertheless have a high psychological impact. Interpersonal stressors such as these are among the most frequent and powerful predictors of psychological distress among individuals  .
Certain regions in the adult mammalian nervous system, including thesubventricular zone and the dentate gyrus, retain an ability to replenish neurons. Here,neurons are vulnerable and must be replaced to maintain function of a sensory systemthat is vitally important to most mammals. Olfactory mucosal cells include bipolar receptor neurons, sustentacular andmicrovillar cells, gland cells, and two categories of basal cells.
Over 25 million Americans have asthma, and the number of diagnoses increased nearly 15% in the last decade. African Americans are at the highest risk for developing asthma and are two to three times more likely to die from asthma than any other race or ethnic group. Asthma exacerbations can be prevented by proper pharmacotherapy and guideline adherence, yet missing asthma action plans, suboptimal use of prescribed medications, poor adherence, and insufficient patient education contribute to significant gaps in care.
Acquired mesial temporal lobe epilepsy  with hippocampal sclerosis is a common, often medically refractory neurological disorder thought to be initiated by a brain insult . Refractory MTLE is associated with a characteristic pattern of selective and extensive hippocampal neuron loss that results in hippocampal atrophy . Suspected causes of acquired temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis include prolonged febrile seizures in childhood, and seizures, head trauma, or infection at any age .
Ozone is a chemically reactive gas present in air pollution and as such is one of the most common environmental toxicants . Ozone is generated through various photochemical driven reactions between oxygen and nitrogen oxides or volatile organic compounds , and therefore more prominent during summer months in most areas. Concentrations of ozone found in many suburban areas often reach 100 ppb or higher, commonly exceeding the current EPA limit of 75 ppb .
Secondhand tobacco smoke  consists of the side stream smoke from the burning end of the cigarette, which contains the highest concentration of particulate matter, and the exhaled mainstream smoke . Exposure to SHS is associated with diverse health effects in nonsmokers. These adverse health outcomes include heart disease, lung cancer, asthma flares, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , and upper airway problems such as sinusitis .
Black blood turbo spin echo  sequences are an essential component of the cardiac MRI pulse sequence repertoire and are commonly used for tissue characterization. Black blood preparation pulses suppress the signal from flowing blood without affecting the contrast in stationary tissues. The TSE black blood sequence was originally optimized for left ventricle myocardium; the RV wall may be completely absent or blurred when the left ventricle is identified with a high level of sub structural detail.
Despite the multitude of antidepressant drugs available to patients, major depression remains a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in our society. Thus there is a great need to further understand the mechanisms underlying depression in order to develop new treatments. To that end, we have been investigating the relationship between the orexigenic gut hormone ghrelin and depression.
Heterozygous mutations in the gene coding for the isocitrate dehydrogenase 1  enzyme have been reported in several cancer types, most notably in over 70% of diffuse low grade gliomas and 80% of secondary glioblastomas  . The specific mechanisms through which IDH1 mutations and elevated 2 HG drive tumor development are still being uncovered. Nonetheless, it is clear that 2 HG inhibits a range of α KG dependent dioxygenases, resulting in a broad range of alterations in the cellular epigenome , which ultimately lead to oncogenesis  .
Post operative venous thromboembolic  complications such as deep vein thrombosis  and pulmonary embolism  are well known complications of lower extremity total joint arthroplasty  procedures. In addition, VTE prophylaxis  is an element of widely disseminated evidence based clinical practice guidelines which have formed the basis for national initiatives to improve care quality. However, aspirin is not currently recommended as a first line VTEP agent by the American College of Chest Physicians , because it has been reported to be less efficacious in preventing certain VTE complications , than warfarin and injectable VTEP strategies, such as low molecular weight heparin  or synthetic pentasaccharides .
Neurons are morphologically characterized by long, highly branched cytoplasmic extensions called neurites . The Drosophila brain is formed by a stereotyped set of approximately 100 neuroblasts that appear in the early embryo . The pathways defined by the SATs in the larval brain define long axon connection of the adult brain .
The cellular response to viral infection usually involves major changes in host gene expression to effect the suppression of viral replication by the induction of immune responses. The NF κB transcription factors are held inactive by their association with Inhibitor of κB  proteins. In addition, each of these viruses inhibited TNF mediated induction of NF κB signaling, suggesting that these viruses encoded one or more inhibitors of TNF signaling pathways.
Exposure to chronic stress has been linked to cardiovascular disease  . This alteration may result in differential exposure to the stress hormone cortisol. In addition to its metabolic, immunologic and homeostatic functions, cortisol has numerous physiologic effects relevant to the development of cardiovascular disease.
Fas ligand  was initially identified as a potent pro apoptotic type II transmembrane protein belonging to the TNF gene family , and it is predominantly expressed by CD4+, CD8+, NKT, and NK cytotoxic effector cells . FasL mediated cytotoxicity plays a key role in limiting the expansion and function of Fas receptor  positive target populations such as activated T cells, B cells, macrophages and dendritic cells . In addition, as with other TNF family members, FasL can also trigger the production of IL 1β and other proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines, especially in macrophages, neutrophils and other cells of the innate immune system .
Natural killer T cells  that share the cell surface receptors of NK cells  and in addition express an antigen receptor  generally recognize lipid antigens in the context of the CD1 molecules and bridge innate immune responses to adaptive immunity . Based upon their TCR gene usage CD1d restricted NKT cells can be divided into 2 categories: one using a semi invariant TCR  and the other expressing somewhat more diverse TCRs  . Sulfatide or 3’ sulfogalactosyl ceramide is enriched in several membranes including myelin in the CNS, pancreatic islet cells, and kidney epithelium .
Clostridium difficile is the most common cause of healthcare associated diarrhea in adults in the United States , and is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in adults , and children . Rates of C. difficile infection  in hospitalized children are increasing . However, C. difficile and its toxins can be detected in up to 70% of asymptomatic young children .
Through a collaborative multidisciplinary approach involving experimental and computational studies at various scales  from molecular to cellular and organismal  we are engaged in an effort to reveal the mechanisms that engender the complex effects of hallucinogenic drugs of abuse ). The advances have also allowed us to characterize the steps of intra receptor activation mechanism by combing computational modeling and experimentation . Different ligands binding to the same receptor may induce different conformational states, which in turn can result in coupling to different signaling pathways , and functional hetero oligomarization .
Transfusion is a frequently administered therapy among critically ill patients; between one third and one half of patients are transfused at some point in the course of their intensive care unit  stays. , During the mid 20th Century, the decision to transfuse asymptomatic patients had been guided by the “10/30” rule, that a minimum acceptable hemoglobin level  of 10.0 g/dL , which continued for several decades. , With the recognition in 1982 that human immunodeficiency virus was a blood borne pathogen and new data documenting physiologic tolerance of anemia, by the 1980s, this automatic transfusion threshold came into question .
Exploratory spatial methods are used in neuroimaging to find areas that show an effect of diagnosis, demographics, treatment, etc., Based on this test, each voxel is assigned a statistic to create a statistical parametric map . The effect under study can be declared significant only after correcting the SPM for multiple spatial comparisons, usually by creating clusters of contiguous voxels whose statistic exceeds a threshold . If the signal is more similar over the neighborhood than the noise, then the averaging process yields a boost in the signal to noise ratio .
With increased short term survival rates among pediatric solid organ transplant recipients, health care providers have shifted focus to long term outcomes. Long term patient survival is limited by chronic rejection and graft loss, which is more common in adolescents . There is also an increased risk for medical complications following the transfer from pediatric to adult centered transplant services .
Several recent studies have shown the upregulation of key metastatic markers during the progression of melanoma and have provided potential molecular targets . One such marker is Wnt5A, a member of the noncanonical Wnt pathway, which has been implicated in the pathogenesis of human cancer . Activation of the Wnt5A pathway leads to the release of calcium from intracellular stores and to the upregulation of target proteins, such as protein kinase C .
People of Hispanic/Latino origin will constitute 29% of the U.S. population by 2050 according to Pew Hispanic Center projections, while non Hispanic whites will constitute less than 50% . Paradoxically given language barriers, high poverty rates and low health insurance coverage, Hispanics/Latinos enjoy health advantages. Notably, their life expectancy at birth in 2010 of 81.3 years exceeded 78.8 years for non Hispanic whites and 74.7 years for non Hispanic blacks .
Bone metastasis is a common event during breast cancer progression with the resultant lesions often being osteolytic . In the bone microenvironment, metastatic breast cancer cells hijack the normal bone remodeling process to induce aberrant activation of bone resorbing osteoclasts . Increased bone resorption results in the release of sequestered growth factors from the bone matrix such as transforming growth factor β  and insulin like growth factors .
During adolescence, a key developmental task is establishing autonomy. Highlights of each of these bodies of research are reviewed in turn. For example, predictability, warm sensitivity, and responsiveness predict infant adjustment via the formation of secure attachment relationships .
Congenital heart disease, the most common significant birth defect, affects 8 per 1000 live births and requires cardiopulmonary bypass  and deep hypothermic circulatory arrest  surgery. There is, therefore, a pressing need to find better strategies, ones which would diminish brain injury and developmental abnormalities caused by DHCA . Over the last several years, pH stat versus alpha stat blood gas management during CPB has been investigated in an attempt to establish which of these techniques results in lesser DHCA dependent brain injury .
Experiments in functional MRI  often involve single shot gradient echo echo planar imaging  pulse sequences to maximize acquisition speed and blood oxygenation level dependent  contrast . Although large scale inhomogeneities are generally constant over experimental time series, this assumption fails when considering sensitive phase data due to the small scale changes associated with the resonance offset caused by the breathing cycle  and slight changes in the orientation of tissue boundaries. For example, this warping and its associated voxel intensity modulation can cause less reliable bulk motion correction .
Inflammatory bowel diseases , including Crohn’s disease  and Ulcerative colitis , is a chronic disease that results from dysregulated immune response to commensal microflora . It has been estimated that 1 to 2 million individuals in North American suffer from IBD with the peak of onset occurring between 15 and 30 years of age. Furthermore, the number of individuals diagnosed with Crohn’s disease has been increasing steadily during the past several decades.
Mixed model procedures  have an impressive history in the statistical analysis of clustered, hierarchical, and spatial data. Initially, studies applied such mixed models to familial trait data to assess whether a quantitative trait of interest contained a significant genetic component and was heritable . Additional studies demonstrated further extensions of the VC framework to allow for interaction testing  as well as outcome data from longitudinal studies  The VC method has many appealing practical features for pedigree analysis of quantitative trait data.
Elucidating the high energy conformations a protein samples as it traverses its folding landscape is the key to understanding which factors determine its folding trajectory. Many proteins are known to populate intermediates, and the role of these partially formed species has been the subject of much debate. What characteristics of these intermediates contribute to their helpful or harmful nature?
Chimeric simian human immunodeficiency viruses  were developed for studies of pathogenicity and preclinical assessment of candidate HIV 1 vaccines in nonhuman primate  models . However, currently available SHIV challenge stocks have limitations. SHIVs with exclusively CCR5 tropic envelopes have been generated; however viral loads and CD4+ T cell loss in animals infected with these SHIVs have been variable  .
The actin cytoskeleton is integral to many cellular processes including survival, migration, proliferation, differentiation, and cell cell communication . Since the dysregulation of these processes in osteoblasts could contribute to diseases such as osteoporosis by interfering with the normal maintenance of bone architecture and metabolism, it is important to understand the signaling pathways and intermediates that modulate the osteoblast actin cytoskeleton. It is known that the small G protein RhoA, when active in its geranylgeranylated and GTP bound form, is capable of maintaining the actin cytoskeleton .
Cellular respiration in aerobic organisms involves the transfer of electrons, coupled to transmembrane proton translocation, through the respiratory chain. This process takes place in the inner mitochondrial membrane of eukaryotes or in the inner cell membrane of prokaryotes. The final electron acceptor is molecular oxygen, which is reduced to water at the catalytic site of cytochrome c oxidase .
Noise is one of, if not the, most common exposures in both occupational and community settings, and there are very few individuals who do not have the potential for at least occasional exposures to substantial levels of noise. The primary consequence of NIPTS is difficulty understanding speech, which can range from small distortions to complete hearing loss. The prevalence of NIPTS in developed countries may be greatly underestimated, and in developing countries, the prevalence may be as great, or even greater than, as developed countries.
Kallistatin  was first discovered as a tissue kallikrein binding protein and a unique serine proteinase inhibitor . Kallistatin was subsequently identified to be a potent vasodilator independent of its interaction with tissue kallikrein. Moreover, our previous study indicated that kallistatin inhibited angiogenesis and tumor growth in cultured cells and tumor xenografts in nude mice.
The California Smoke Free Workplace Act—Assembly Bill 13— was enacted into law in July 1994 and applied to bars statewide in 1998 . Since 2001, anthropologists at the Prevention Research Center in Berkeley have been conducting ethnographic evaluations of this law in California bars, collecting data through naturalistic observations and in depth interviews with bar patrons and staff . While we found the majority of bars in these studies to be smokefree, we identified many bars where indoor smoking has continued despite the law, and many of these bars could be grouped by patron type.
The measurement of salivary cortisol as a method of assessing hypothalamic pituitary adrenocortical  axis activation is effective and noninvasive, making it attractive to researchers interested in stress responses across the lifespan. However, researchers who collect saliva from infants and toddlers anecdotally report having difficulty with saliva collection because these young participants are often unwilling or unable to actively participate in saliva expectoration, problems exacerbated when multiple samples are solicited. In addition to difficulties in participation, researchers must ensure that the tools of collection do not interfere with the cortisol assay.
Management of the axilla is a critical component of breast cancer care , but accurately determining the extent of axillary surgery in existing data sources has proven challenging. To date, the most reliable source of extent of axillary surgery has been cancer registry data . To ensure the quality of collected data across cancer registries, strict data standards have been developed.
FMS like tyrosine kinase 3  is a receptor tyrosine kinase that is commonly mutated in acute myeloid leukemia . Sorafenib is a biaryl urea compound that targets multiple tyrosine kinases including FLT3/ITD . Quizartinib  is another biaryl urea FLT3 inhibitor that has demonstrated significant responses in FLT3/ITD+ AML patients in recent trials .
The ingredients and additives in tobacco products have important health implications. The type of tobacco affects carbon monoxide  and tobacco specific nitrosamines in smoke. Aceteldehyde, derived from burning sugars, enhances nicotine’s addictive effect, and is carcinogenic.
Integrin mediated cell adhesion to the extracellular matrix  plays central roles in various cellular processes including survival, cell cycle progression, and the expression of tissue specific phenotypes . Focal adhesions have emerged as putative mechanosensors for extracellular stimuli . Moreover, focal adhesion assembly plays a key role in the generation of strong traction forces.
There is evidence that depression is associated with executive deficits . Thus, executive control seems to play a greater role in the retrieval of specific memories in depression as opposed to PTSD where affect regulation is more important . For some common functions, access to more detailed information is clearly beneficial.
Despite known health risks, nicotine use remains high, especially in populations diagnosed with mental illnesses, including anxiety disorders and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder . Smoking in these populations may relate to the effects of nicotine on emotional memories. The current study examined the effects of nicotine administration on the extinction of conditioned fear memories .
Kv4.2 channels underlie the transient A type K+ current  in hippocampal dendrites where they control the amplitude of back propagating action potentials and shape postsynaptic responses . Recent studies have shown that Kv4.2 channels in hippocampus undergo activity dependent internalization in response to activation of synaptic glutamate receptors resulting in altered IA and enhanced magnitude of long term potentiation  . This is consistent for a role of Kv4.2 channels in controlling postsynaptic responses that contribute to synaptic plasticity  .
Since 1996, the zoonotic threat of avian influenza viruses  has been exemplified by the direct transmission of the H5N1 from poultry to humans in many countries throughout the world, including Asia, Africa and Europe . Although shore birds and waterfowl, such as ducks, swans, geese, waders and terns, are considered the original hosts, AIV strains have also been isolated from pheasants, quails and poultry . Furthermore, poultry are considered a critical intermediate host for adaptation of the AIV strains from wild birds to mammals, including swine and humans .
Acute ischemic stroke  treatment is limited to IV or intra arterial  tissue plasminogen activator  and mechanical endovascular therapies. These strategies benefit eligible patients, but carry inherent risks, thereby making determination of individual risk versus benefit important when considering recanalization therapies. The most commonly assessed stroke risk factors are age, infarct volume, and baseline National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale  score.
Anaplastic astrocytomas  are diffusely infiltrative astrocytic tumors with cellular anaplasia and mitotic activity but, unlike glioblastoma , they have neither microvascular proliferation nor necrosis . Although less aggressive than GBM, mortality is still quite high with a five year survival rate of only 25.9 % . The prognostic role of isocitrate dehydrogenase  mutations in gliomas has recently been gaining significant attention .
There is great momentum for image guided interventions  in general and image guided drug delivery  in particular, with many activatable particles under development . Unfortunately, the protective coating of liposomes reduces drug diffusion within the tumor . Therefore, activation of particles at the disease site is of interest.
Poor sleep quality predicts adverse outcomes in patients with coronary heart disease  . Known demographic risk factors for poor sleep include older age, female sex, non White race, less education, low income, and being unmarried. Medical and psychological risk factors include cardiac problems , congestive heart failure, and angina), use of certain medications, physical inactivity, depression, and anxiety .
Exposure to ethanol during the development of the central nervous system  can lead to a wide array of neuroanatomical, behavioral and cognitive abnormalities, broadly subsumed under the Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder  classification. Such exposure during these sensitive early periods is acknowledged to be a leading cause of intellectual disability worldwide . Despite concerted efforts to increase awareness of the dangers of developmental alcohol exposure, the incidence of alcohol related developmental disorders has continued to escalate since it was first characterized 40 years ago .
There is a high prevalence of depression in patients with diabetes. A recent study also found that depression is associated with a 60% increase risk of type 2 diabetes . Both diabetics  and those with depression  can exhibit increased plasma cortisol, as well as increased sensitivity to acute and chronic stress.
Individuals infected with HIV 1 are at risk of developing HIV associated neurocognitive disorders  despite the availability of combined antiretroviral therapy . Clinical signs of HAND/dementia are closely associated with neuropathological evidence of glutamatergic excitotoxicity , an increased number of microglia , decreased synaptic and dendritic density , and selective neuronal loss . Abuse of Methamphetamine  increases the risk of HIV 1 infection .
The cellular level of the catalytic domain of telomerase  is directly related to telomerase activity . Expression of hTERT is primarily regulated by the core promoter located 180 to +1 relative to the transcription initiation site , and this core promoter contains five Sp1 binding sites and one E box as a c myc binding site  . These binding sites are important for promoter activity, and the middle three Sp1 binding sites have been shown to be essential for hTERT expression in several cancer cell lines .
The postsynaptic density protein 95  is one of the most abundant proteins present at excitatory postsynaptic sites in the CNS . PSD 95 binds other postsynaptic molecules, including NMDA receptors and signaling molecules . Recently, it has been suggested that tyrosine phosphorylation could be an additional mechanism for PSD 95 regulation  .
Laser light has been shown to be an effective nerve stimulus. have stimulated rat peripheral nerves, Izzo et al. Electrical stimulation requires an electrode to be in contact with the neuron, which may damage the tissue under investigation. Also, the electrical field will spread from the point of contact, so that neighboring nerves may also be stimulated and the stimulus may also be recorded by the detecting device.
Serotonin , a key central nervous system neurotransmitter, is involved in regulating a broad range of psychological traits, behaviors, and physical functions including mood, sleep, appetite, and sexual activity. The serotonin transporter protein , which terminates the action of serotonin by facilitating its reuptake from the synapse, appears to be part of the pathway leading to psychiatric disorders and has been a target of widely used pharmacological treatments. They found a similar pattern among adults exposed to child maltreatment.
The primate primary visual cortex  sends most of its output to area V2 in the form of multiple functionally specialized pathways, which segregate into distinct V2 modules . , , ) Based on qualitative observations, they proposed that all stripe types receive inputs from the same V1 layers  and that their V1 input is tangentially segregated into only two pathways:  CO blob columns to thin stripes,  interblob columns to pale and thick stripes  . However, several observations suggest that pale and thick stripes may instead receive segregated V1 inputs.
Cocaine abuse causes serious medical and social consequences in our society. Human butyrylcholinesterase  is the principal plasma enzyme that catalyzes hydrolysis of cocaine into its biologically inactive metabolites, thus the BChE metabolic pathway is most suitable for amplification for an anti cocaine medication. However, the catalytic efficiency of wild type BChE is rather low .
Several experimental studies point to the antitumor effects of genetic and pharmacological blockade of the coagulation system including tumor cell associated tissue factor  ;, and often through interference with angiogenesis  . For instance, experiments with murine embryonic stem  cells with either intact  or disrupted  TF gene originally led Toomey et al to conclude that subcutaneous teratomas could be efficiently generated irrespectively of the TF status of tumor forming  cells . The effects of TF on vascular cells could be mediated through localized procoagulant effects of this receptor, irrespectively of its cellular source, leading to the generation of factor Xa and thrombin, followed by the deposition of fibrin and activated platelets ;.
Opioid analgesics are effective for the management of moderate to severe pain. Similar to other pain medications, opioids have well documented side effects such as nausea, constipation, and sedation. With continuation of opioid therapy, some opioid related side effects such as sedation may subside.
Adoptive immunotherapy using T cells and their derivatives has shown promise as treatment for human malignancies, but to date the range of susceptible tumors has been limited. One of the constraints for successful treatment is the limited trafficking of lymphocytes, which requires effector T cells to express chemokine receptors matched with the chemokines produced by the tumor cells or their associated elements . Many human tumors produce low levels of chemokines, while others produce chemokines for which effector T cells lack receptors.
Erectile dysfunction  is associated with cardiovascular disease , however the association between change in ED status over time and future underlying CVD risk is unclear . We studied 965 men free of CVD in the Boston Area Community Health Survey , a longitudinal cohort study with three assessments. ED was assessed with the 5 item International Index of Erectile Function  at BACH I  and BACH II  and classified as no ED/transient ED/persistent ED.
Hepatic ischemia and reperfusion  complicates liver transplantation, major hepatic resection and prolonged portal vein occlusion . Moreover, hepatic IR frequently leads to remote organ injury including the kidney, lung, and heart . In particular, acute kidney injury  after major liver IR is extremely common  and the development of AKI after liver injury greatly increases patient mortality and morbidity during the perioperative period .
Catheter ablation has become an integral part of the management of atrial fibrillation  when a strategy to preserve normal sinus rhythm is required. However, critical details of the technique are still controversial, the procedure demands high technical dexterity and carries significant risk of complications. Isolation of the pulmonary veins has been accepted as a requirement for procedural success.
This qualitative study is part of a larger mixed methods evaluation of a state small grants program for pregnancy prevention . The last decade has brought increasing consensus in the field of sex education on the importance of medical accuracy and science based practices , what constitutes an effective program , and what parents and adolescents want from sex education . On the community level, there is increasing interest in adopting effective, science based approaches.
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma  is one of the most lethal cancers with less than 4% of patients surviving past 5 years of diagnosis. Similar to human PanINs, PanIN lesions in mice  expressing physiological level of KrasG12D progress with age through defined histological and molecular stages . However, KrasG12D alone rarely induces full blown pancreatic cancer .
The US has made little progress in the last three decades in protecting its young people against teen pregnancies and HIV and other sexually transmitted infections  . Youth are becoming sexually experienced early  , and the proportion increases steadily through high school: more than two thirds of high school seniors have had sex . Moreover, almost 40% of US teens who are sexually active reported not using a condom during their last intercourse  .
African Americans have a higher incidence and overall mortality of lung cancer compared to Caucasians. The reasons for these disparities have been debated extensively, with arguments including increased susceptibility and more aggressive biologic features for lung cancer in African Americans, increased stage of disease at diagnosis, and less aggressive treatment being offered for early stage disease. Survival analyses of patients participating in cooperative groups clinical trials, which provide for uniform extent of disease and therapy, showed statistically significantly worse survival at one year for African American patients.
Diabetic individuals often suffer from complications such as coronary artery disease, peripheral artery disease and stroke which contribute to the morbidity or mortality among these subjects . This higher incidence of cardiovascular complications as well as the unfavorable prognosis among diabetic individuals who develop such complications has been correlated to diabetes mediated impairment of angiogenesis . Evidences suggest, Reactive Oxygen Species  mediated oxidative stress to be the primary contributor of vascular and myocardial dysfunction thereby compromising the recovery from such conditions ,  .
The biochemical purification of proteins and macromolecular complexes has become the rate limiting step in structure determination by single particle cryo electron microscopy . A purification protocol of a recombinant protein for structural studies typically consists of an affinity chromatography step followed by size exclusion chromatography. We have recently introduced “monolayer purification”, a technique that combines protein purification with specimen preparation, as a fast and easy way to prepare specimens suitable for single particle EM, requiring only low expression levels or low concentrations of His tagged protein .
In both Menkes Disease, with low levels of copper, and Wilson's disease, with elevated levels of copper, neural function is impaired . These diseases are rare, caused by mutations in ATP7A and ATP7B, respectively. In addition to these two copper transporting P type ATPases, the uptake and tissue specific distribution of dietary copper involves additional transporters and copper binding chaperones .
Embedded in biomedical science are many sets of related dichotomies: body or mind, objective or subjective, biology or belief, specific or non specific, and pharmacology or placebo . In treatment, these effects are generally considered additive . In other studies, verum and sham groups often demonstrate superiority and clinical benefits over waiting list of conventional therapies controls  .
The mammalian telencephalon develops at the rostral end of the neural tube as part of the early forming prosencephalon. The development of the telencephalon is under the guidance of a series of morphogens in and around the forebrain. Phenotype driven mutagenesis screens in the mouse present a method to identify genes involved in specific developmental or physiological processes.
Patients with chronic, life limiting illnesses face serious and confusing health care decisions in the last years of life which are often complicated by documents such as “living wills”. A preferred approach involves legally appointing a health care agent or proxy but most efforts to prepare surrogates to make substituted decisions have been unsuccessful. In a systematic review on the accuracy of surrogate decision making, Shalowitz et al concluded that surrogates incorrectly predicted patients' treatment preferences in one third of cases.
Like most large scale biological experiments, the vast majority of proteomics studies tend to produce long lists of candidate proteins. Briefly, these methods use hypergeometric or Fisher's exact tests to compare the proportion of genes or proteins having the feature of interest and belonging to the protein set associated with an annotation A  to that of A in the complete dataset of genes or proteins. GSEA's statistical assessment does not assume gene expression independence.
Atrial fibrillation  is the most common sustained heart rhythm abnormality, affecting over 2.2 million adults in the United States. AF is an important risk factor for both incident and recurrent stroke. Cardioembolic stroke, most of which is due to AF, is the most lethal subtype of ischemic stroke and has a higher risk of disability than other stroke subtypes.
Opioid misuse, abuse, and dependence have become major clinical and public health problems in the United States. Although heroin remains a major drug of abuse, the growing number of people addicted to prescription opioids now eclipses the number of people addicted to heroin. The most effective treatment for opioid addiction is opioid replacement therapy, and methadone has been the principal agent for this approach.
Second harmonic generation  is a nonlinear optical phenomenon where photons interact with a nonlinear material and generate photons with twice the energy. Thus, SHG is a sensitive surface selective technique with no signal interference from the bulk. The observed SHG signals are coming exclusively from cell membrane regions but not from the cytosol, because the membrane impermeable FM 4 64 only stains one leaflet of the cell membrane , which results in a noncentrosymmetric structure.
Mixing commercial facilities, single family housing, and multifamily housing has for centuries enabled residents to walk to multiple near home destinations. Originally intended to protect health by separating noxious industrial land from residential areas , segregated land uses are now implicated in modern health problems associated with less walking, heavier weight, and more automobile pollution  . In contrast, mixed use has been conceptualized as a key ingredient needed to support walking and recent studies suggest mixed use is important in maintaining healthy weight as well.
Contrast enhanced whole heart coronary magnetic resonance angiography  at 3T with slow infusion of contrast agent has recently been proposed . A recent comparison study has shown that contrast enhanced coronary MRA at 3T provides higher coronary artery contrast to noise ratio , better vessel depiction, and shorter imaging time than the steady state free precession  approach at 1.5T . All of these studies used slow infusion  of a high relaxivity contrast agent, gadobenate dimeglumine  to provide prolonged signal enhancement to accommodate the long imaging time associated with free breathing whole heart acquisition.
Campylobacter jejuni is an important food borne pathogen and the leading cause of bacterial gastroenteritis in humans . This is in part due to the fact that C. jejuni largely lacks homologs of virulence factors found in other pathogens . Because the incidence of human C. jejuni infection is noticeably increasing, with the rapid emergence of antibiotic resistant strains, there is growing interest to identify novel virulence factors and pathogenesis mechanisms associated with this pathogen as a key step toward controlling the disease .
Peripheral arterial disease  is prevalent in 12% of the United States population, and is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Ambulatory dysfunction and lower physical activity level of patients with PAD places them at greater risk for disuse atrophy of the lower extremity musculature than is typically observed with normal aging. Fat free mass is the largest contributor to resting energy expenditure in healthy controls, and in patients with PAD and intermittent claudication.
Itraconazole  is a systemic triazole antifungal with a broad spectrum of activity commonly used for the treatment of Candida spp. infections, the most frequent fungal pathogens . In mammals, ICZ also interacts with this enzyme, but with much lower affinity , resulting in the accumulation of lanosterol and inhibition of the cholesterol biosynthesis pathway .
Degenerative disc disease contributes to disability and pain pathology in the cervical and lumbar spine in over 80% of the US population. During disc degeneration or aging, NP cells transition to a sparse population of small, chondrocyte like cells that lose their ability to produce functional matrix,,, in a process that coincides with observed clinical findings of decreased IVD height, increased matrix stiffness, and decreased proteoglycan and water contents. Unfortunately not much is known of these biological factors that contribute to the onset of changes in NP cell phenotype and morphology., Much work has been done in the field to study NP cell characteristics in IVD tissue of various species, specifically how NP cell characteristics change with age .
Neuroendocrine tumors  comprise a group of tumors derived from peptide  and amine producing cells of the neuroendocrine system, which are located largely in the gastrointestinal system but also in other tissues, including pancreas and lung. The incidence of NETs is 2 cases per 100,000 persons, and they account for 0.5% of all human malignancies. Conventional chemotherapy lacks effectiveness and specificity and is not considered for first line therapy in most patients .
Hospitalization is common among older persons, and results in substantial morbidity and costs. The Medicare age population experiences a rate of hospitalization of 17.5% or 6.4 million per year, comprising over 49% of acute hospital days, and resulting in over $148.2 billion of annual Medicare expenditures. Frequently, hospitalization can initiate the terminal downward spiral for an older person.
Cigarette smoking is a leading preventable cause of death globally and in the US, where nearly 45 million adults smoke. Due to tobacco marketing restrictions, cigarette packaging has become a crucial promotional medium. Packaging regulations including pictorial health warning labels and restrictions on industry branding are central to global tobacco control, but regulations in the US have allowed the industry to promote smoking through cigarette packs virtually unrestricted.
For most of the last century, demographers were the only social scientists that routinely and unobtrusively collected data on sexual behavior in population based surveys. As a result, data on sexual behavior are now collected more often and in more disciplinary contexts. Once a rare and controversial topic of study, sex has become sufficiently mainstreamed that it is now a routine item in surveys like the General Social Survey  and the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey  .
Proximal spinal muscular atrophy  is a common, often fatal, infantile neurodegenerative disease caused by mutations in the Survival of Motor Neuron 1  gene . There is also uncertainty about the precise cellular sites of action of the SMN protein. In previous attempts to address where wild type levels of SMN are required to prevent SMA, the protein was selectively knocked out in these and other tissues .
There is abundant evidence that enzyme activity or protein protein interactions can be dependent upon association with lipid membranes. The positioning of proteins and protein motifs relative to either the membrane or to other membrane bound proteins is, for some proteins, critical and may depend upon conformational changes induced upon membrane association . Both the myr group and the basic cluster are required for Nef virion incorporation .
Over the past twenty years, a substantial number of studies have shown a relationship between sleep and improvement on memory tasks ). The majority of these studies have examined cognitive tasks that utilize non declarative, procedural memory . Declarative memories are the consciously accessible memories of fact based information  .
Positron emission tomography  is a powerful and widely used diagnostic tool that has the advantages of high sensitivity  and ability to provide quantitative imaging analyses of in vivo abnormalities. 64Cu  has decay characteristics that allow for both PET imaging and targeted radiotherapy for cancer. Radioisotopes have been introduced to various nanoparticles , including quantum dots,, gold NPs,,, carbon nanomaterials,, and polymeric NPs, through radionuclide labeling to allow noninvasive in vivo nuclear imaging of NPs’ pharmacokinetics, tissue distribution, and clearance.
Acute HIV infection  is the period just following HIV infection when, due to a lack of an immediate immune response, the viral burden is dramatically high before receding to a lower set point . Currently, no guidelines are available on the prevention of forward transmission of HIV during AHI and no behavioral interventions for individuals with AHI have been evaluated and published, to our knowledge . HPTN 062 evaluated the feasibility and acceptability of a motivational interviewing  based intervention to reduce HIV transmission risk behaviors among individuals with acute and early HIV infection in Lilongwe, Malawi.
Withdrawal hyperexcitability of the central nervous system  is a well known consequence of physical dependence on ethanol, and is one of the most alarming manifestations of the withdrawal syndrome in alcoholics. When the ethanol is withdrawn , these previously compensatory neuroadaptive processes exhibit overcompensation , leading to the CNS hyperexcitability signs that are characteristic of the withdrawal syndrome . The brain region and circuit involved in naturally occurring, genetically determined differences in neural activation associated with ethanol withdrawal are not known.
Recent studies support the hypothesis that motor adaptation to external perturbations such as force field, saccadic gain shift, and visuomotor transformations occurs at multiple time scales . How these proposed fast and slow processes area organized, however, is ambiguous. Because the two state model is linear, it can account for the above data with either a serial organization, in which the fast process updates its state from motor errors and sends its output to the slow process, or a parallel organization, in which both the fast and slow processes simultaneously update their states from errors .
Dendritic cells  are an essential component of immune responses through their capacity to capture, process, and present antigens to T cells . Their main function is to launch immunity against foreign antigen and maintain the tolerance to self. Antigen presentation by immature DCs usually results in immune tolerance because of the lack of costimulatory molecules .
Over the last several years, advances have been made in understanding the development of ND. Several research groups have documented that dependence, and not only tobacco use, begins in adolescence , and that ND can develop quickly following smoking initiation and at very low levels of consumption . These questions have to be explored in adolescence when dependence has its onset .
Orthostatic intolerance  is defined by signs and symptoms of lightheadedness, tachycardia, diaphoresis, heat, hypotension, hyperpnea, headache, nausea, fatigue, cognitive deficits, and exercise intolerance while upright relieved by recumbence ;. Postural Tachycardia Syndrome  is chronic OI associated with excess upright tachycardia without hypotension  . POTS patients often report “Brain Fog” while upright to describe impaired awareness, mental confusion, lightheadedness, mental fatigue, and cognitive deficits, especially of working memory  .
Representations are cognitive constructs in which features of the external world are abstracted and mirrored in the nervous system as “functioning isomorphisms” . Operations performed on representations allow extrapolation of implicit properties of real world systems , so under appropriate conditions, one can infer the “use” of particular representations through controlled behavioral tests. The theoretically simplest form of representation would be generated by a pure conditioning process, in which the perceptual world was considered as an aggregate of distinct elemental events.
The ribosome is a complex macromolecular machine composed of three strands of RNA and over 50 proteins. Although high resolution crystal structures of the ribosome in numerous conformations and complexes have been solved; ; , relatively little is known about how the various ribosomal components assemble into complete ribosomes. One of the major outstanding questions about ribosome assembly is whether assembly occurs via a single pathway or via multiple parallel assembly trajectories, though recent in vitro work involving pulse chase kinetic assays; , and time resolved hydroxyl radical footprinting suggest the latter.
Heat shock proteins , the functional components of the inducible heat shock response are implicated in the regulation of tumorigenesis by virtue of their ability to promote tumor cell survival . Nevertheless, evidence suggests that ‘addiction’ to components of the stress response, including HSP70, may sustain tumor survival and drive tumor growth  . HSP70 also regulates immune function, including antigen cross presentation , dendritic cell maturation  and NK cell  and MDSC  activities.
p63 is a homolog of the tumor suppressor p53 . In contrast to p53, which is inactivated in a majority of human cancers but is largely dispensable for normal development, p63 is critical for the development and maintenance of stratified epithelial tissues. The p63 gene is expressed as six different transcripts in mammalian cells, all of which encode a DNA binding domain with significant homology to that of p53 .
Female pelvic floor disorders  are a heterogeneous group of conditions that include urinary incontinence , pelvic organ prolapse  and fecal incontinence. These conditions can have a negative impact on a woman’s quality of life. It is estimated that 23.7% of adult women in the U.S. have symptoms of at least 1 PFD.
In post traumatic stress disorder  as well as other anxiety disorders, normally adaptive fear responses become dysfunctional or maladaptive  when behavioral responses are no longer commensurate with appropriate fear for the situation, or when behavior disrupts normal daily functioning. Nonetheless, one of the advantages that massed extinction procedures offer is temporal efficiency; hence, extinction procedures can be performed in a single extinction session . Extinction is generally agreed to be a process of new learning that does not abolish previous learning, but rather reduces the response based on initial learning .
In 2008, 1 in every 7 US households was food insecure, or at risk of going hungry because of an inability to afford food. Food insecurity generally occurs cyclically and episodically, with periods of food adequacy followed by food scarcity; the average food insecure household experiences seven episodes of food scarcity annually. We hypothesized that the cyclic nature of food insecurity, and its associated fluctuations in dietary intake, would predispose patients with diabetes to wide variations in blood glucose levels, including clinically significant hypoglycemia .
Epidemiologic and animal studies support the health benefits of habitual green tea consumption that include anti obesity properties , reduced risk of cardiovascular disease , decreased levels of oxidative stress ; as well as anti proliferative , anti inflammatory  and anti diabetic effects . Thus, daily green tea consumption may be an effective adjuvant therapeutic approach for modifying metabolic related disease risk, particularly in overweight people . A number of mechanisms have been proposed by which green tea and its constitutive polyphenolic catechins may modulate body weight   .
Numerous studies have associated the mesolimbic dopaminergic  system, originating from the ventral tegmental area , with ethanol addiction. For instance,  ethanol consumption is reduced by the administration of dopamine antagonists  or agonists , or by the genetic deletion of dopamine D1 receptors  ;  pharmacological manipulations of VTA DA neuron activity alter ethanol consumption ;  ethanol increases dopamine release, from both the synaptic terminals ) and the somatodendritic region in the VTA ; and  ethanol stimulates the spontaneous activity of VTA DA neurons . Glutamate, the main excitatory neurotransmitter in the brain, excites VTA DA neurons .
Metal organic frameworks  have attracted the interest of chemists, physicists, and materials scientists due to their promising applications in catalysis, separations, optics, magnetism, host guest chemistry and gas storage, as well as for the variety of their often esthetically pleasing, highly symmetric structures. The synthesis of coordination polymers utilizing secondary building units   functional, pre assembled clusters of atoms, capable of independent existence  allows the tailoring of the polymer properties via the introduction of SBU derived functionalities. Bulky SBUs, serving as a large vertices joined by rigid organic links, favor the formation of interpenetrated extended frameworks.
Fucosylation, the modification of proteins or glycans with a 6 deoxy monosaccharide, L fucose, plays critical roles in many physiological and pathological processes. Aberrant fucosylation of membrane proteins, however, is characteristic of many pathological conditions, including cancer, neurological disorders, immune dysfunction, and developmental defects. .
Fluorescence spectroscopy has changed significantly in recent years due to the discovery of Metal Enhanced Fluorescence , a metalfluorophore interaction that greatly increases the observed emission intensity . Since the discovery of MEF the phenomenon has been applied to several bioassays . Furthermore, many studies of MEF have been conducted and the results were obtained using a sample geometry where two metal deposited slides are sandwiched together with the fluorescent sample within.
Many preclinical studies have examined the influence of pharmacological agents on the dose related effects of self administered cocaine to evaluate potential pharmacotherapies for cocaine addiction . Despite these advances, little is known regarding which neural systems regulate dose related changes in responding maintained by self administered cocaine. This empirical question is important because elucidating which neural systems might be engaged in this process could provide clues for effectively treating cocaine addiction .
Anaplastic lymphoma kinase  positive Anaplastic Large Cell Lymphoma  is an aggressive T cell lymphoma that carries a chromosomal translocation involving the ALK gene . Auto phosphorylation and subsequent activation of ALK in the fusion proteins has been demonstrated to be lymphomagenic both in vitro and in vivo . Currently, a multi drug chemotherapy approach is the mainstream treatment for ALCL .
The gp130 family of cytokines, including IL 6, IL 11, LIF, IL 31 and Oncostatin M  play various roles in inflammation, hematopoiesis and immune responses . Receptors for this family of cytokines share a common subunit, gp130, which complexes with a variety of cell surface and soluble receptor chains that provide specificity for the separate ligands . Lung OSM levels are elevated in patients with severe asthma , allergic rhinitis  and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis  .
Microbial recognition by the innate immune system is mediated by a multitude of cellular and endosomal membrane bound, as well as intracellular receptors. Toxoplasma gondii derived pattern activation molecular patterns , namely cyclophilin 18 and profilin have been shown to be recognized by receptors present in macrophages and dendritic cells, triggering cell activation and production of pro inflammatory cytokines, including IL 1β, IL 6 and IL 12. In fact, TLR11 that was previously found to mediate recognition of uropathogenic bacteria has been identified as a major component and is essential for development of protective immune response in infected mice through the induction of massive IL 12 production by dendritic cells.
To date, approximately 100% of large molecule drugs do not cross the BBB and 98% of small molecules cannot penetrate this barrier, thereby limiting drug development efforts for many CNS disorders. Gene delivery has recently been proposed as a method to bypass the BBB; however, widespread delivery to the brain and spinal cord has been challenging. The development of successful gene therapies for motor neuron disease will likely require widespread transduction within the spinal cord and motor cortex.
Breast cancer is the most common type of female cancer and represents 14% of cancer related deaths in women . It has been estimated that there will be about 226,870 new cases of breast cancer in United States in 2012, and about 39,510 women will die from this disease . Global gene expression profiling studies have produced a new molecular classification of breast cancer with 4 distinct subtypes : lumunal, HER2, basal like, and unclassified .
Multiple myeloma  remains incurable with current therapies and novel approaches targeting the molecular mechanisms of the disease are needed. Interactions between the myeloma cell and the marrow microenvironment leads to increased cytokine secretion both by the myeloma cells as well as the cells of the microenvironment, in particular VEGF, IL6 and IGF,,,,,,,,. The increased cytokine levels lead to an up regulation of signaling pathways within myeloma cells that ultimately results in increased transcription of proliferation related genes and decreased transcription of apoptosis promoting genes.
Although general anti proliferative agents that induce death in all rapidly dividing cell types remain the backbone of many chemotherapeutic regimens, recent advances have suggested that “personalized” anti cancer strategies hold considerable promise. In personalized medicine, a detailed understanding of the molecular aberrations in the cell is utilized to select a drug with an appropriate mechanism of action. Morphologically, apoptosis is characterized by cell shrinkage and membrane blebbing, which facilitate the engulfment and recycling of cellular components without provoking the inflammatory response.
Pacemaker cells  within the sinoatrial node  generate the electrical impulse that initiates each heartbeat. Sinus node dysfunction , characterized by loss of PCs and SAN fibrosis, is a common but poorly understood disease. With the advent of cellular reprogramming technology,,  there is increasing interest in understanding gene regulatory networks in PCs, both to improve our understanding of SND and to facilitate novel therapies such as biological pacemakers and SAN regeneration .
Because lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death  it is important to advance the understanding of cellular and molecular aberrations associated with lung tumorigenesis to improve diagnosis, prevention and therapy of this disease. STAT3 signaling is triggered by cytokines  and growth factors that regulate cell proliferation, differentiation, survival, invasion, inflammation and immunity . Therefore, it has been targeted for cancer therapy .
Individual differences in risk for mood and anxiety disorders likely stem from multiple predisposing factors, including genetic variants that shape the developmental formation and/or adult functional integrity of the neural circuitry subserving emotion . In preclinical models of these disorders, inbred mouse strains exhibit marked differences in anxiety  and fear related phenotypes. Of note, the C57BL/6J strain typically shows lesser anxiety  and stress related behavior but greater conditioned fear behavior relative to certain other strains including BALB/cJ and in some cases DBA/2J ) .
Pyrrolysine is the 22nd amino acid found to have entered natural genetic codes . Crystallography of the monomethylamine methyltransferase revealed that the UAG codon is decoded as a novel amino acid, pyrrolysine . E. coli expressing pylS and pylT and given exogenous pyrrolysine translates UAG as pyrrolysine .
The p75 neurotrophin receptor  is a potential therapeutic target for AD . p75NTR regulates neuron survival, function and structure by acting in concert with a collection of ligands and co receptors . Nerve Growth Factor  signaling through p75NTR may induce death or survival depending on the cellular context, while the pro form of NGF signals through p75NTR and sortilin to induce death .
Mesenchymal stem cells  are able to self renew and differentiate into a variety of cell types including adipocytes, chondrocytes, myocytes, osteoblasts, etc. . MSCs are traditionally isolated from bone marrow.
The basement membrane  is a major functional component of the extracellular matrix. Endothelial and epithelial cells are lined by a three dimensional matrix of proteins and proteoglycans comprising and surrounding the BM. The BM plays a formative role in development, and synthetic matrices are being developed to support tissue regeneration after tissue injury .
The striatum incorporates two major locomotor regulatory circuits, the direct and indirect pathways, which together modulate cortical output that determines locomotor activity. At the postsynaptic level, type A1 adenosine receptors  and type D1 dopamine receptors  form heterodimers on striatal neurons of the direct pathway, whereas heterodimers of A2A adenosine receptors  and D2 dopamine receptors  form on neurons of the indirect pathway ). Inhibitory interactions both within and between these heterodimeric receptors modulate striatal neuronal excitability and neurotransmission .
Individuals with physical disabilities are as sexually active and have the same reproductive health needs as those without a disability . However, individuals with disabilities experience multiple physical and attitudinal barriers to reproductive health services . Previous research shows reduced cervical and breast cancer screening among women with disabilities .
Airway epithelial overexpression of the epithelial Na+ channel β subunit , driven by the Clara cell secretory protein  promoter in transgenic  mice, results in epithelial Na+ hyperabsorption, airway surface liquid  dehydration, impaired mucus clearance, airway inflammation and early post natal mortality . YM1, YM2 and acidic mammalian chitinase, all associated with Th2 type inflammation in asthma and helmintic infection , are also elevated in Scnn1b Tg mice. Moreover, Scnn1b Tg mice exhibit transient and spotty necrotic degeneration of Clara cells in the intrapulmonary airways, peaking at day 3 and completely resolved by day 10, and early neonatal air trapping that later results in emphysematous changes .
Efficient infection of human primary macrophages, dendritic cells and resting CD4+ T cells by simian immunodeficiency virus  requires the accessory protein Vpx . Vpx is incorporated into viral particles suggesting that it might be acting immediately after viral fusion . Recent work identified SAMHD1 as the protein that blocks infection of SIVΔVpx, HIV 2ΔVpx and HIV 1 before reverse transcription in macrophages, dendritic cells and resting CD4+ T cells .
Short term memory  plays a crucial role in processing speech . The task was to repeat the last word in high predictability sentences presented in babble at a 0 dB signal to noise ratio . Serial recall of auditorily presented items requires both processing of acoustic information and subvocal rehearsal for memory retention.
People cannot attend to multiple objects or events without some loss of perceptibility. Studying attention during maintained fixation, as the prior work has done, has real virtues. Perceptual attention must be allocated to the target of a saccadic eye movement during the interval preceding each saccade to avoid saccadic error or delays .
Dynamic contrast enhanced magnetic resonance imaging  measures the transit of a tracer such as a gadolinium chelate to estimate physiologic parameters related to perfusion or permeability in vivo. Observed tissue concentration versus time curves would then reflect regional/local perfusion, permeability, or volume fraction, with minimal confounding effects due to the shape of the input function. Therefore, accurate quantitative analysis of DCE MRI data requires individually measured arterial input function .
Ca2+ release mediated by the inositol 1, 4, 5 trisphosphate receptor  is critical to cellular signal propagation. Thus, regulation of IP3R activity is vital to Ca2+ homeostasis and cell survival. Conversely, blockade of ER Ca2+ release by dantrolene and xestospongin C, inhibitors of ryanodine receptor  and IP3Rs respectively, prevents prion and amyloid beta induced neuronal death, .
Ecological theory and empirical work indicate that competition should result in competitive exclusion when resources are limited. However, competitive exclusion may be avoided via a number of mechanisms, including differential resource use , temporally varying condition specific competition , and colonization competition tradeoff across a patchy environment . However, despite this frequently observed competitive advantage for A. albopictus, A. aegypti manages to coexist with invading A. albopictus at some sites in the southeastern United States  .
Atypical antipsychotic drugs are a mainstay of psychiatric pharmacotherapy and are used to treat a variety of psychiatric illnesses, most notably schizophrenia. These second generation drugs lack the extrapyramidal and other debilitating movement side effects that complicated treatment with first generation compounds. The mechanisms underlying these metabolic side effects in humans are not known.
The somatodendritic surface of CNS neurons is a highly dynamic membrane environment, in which the number of specific signaling receptors accessible to extracellular ligands is tightly controlled by vesicular trafficking processes . Endocytic removal of neural signaling receptors has been investigated in considerable detail , but less is known about how signaling receptors are returned to the somatodendritic surface. Nevertheless, recycling from the endocytic pathway is thought to represent an important and highly versatile means for regulating signaling receptors in diverse cell types including neurons  .
There is a growing body of evidence suggesting that chronic vascular inflammation plays a role in the development of essential hypertension, either as a pathogenic or secondary event . Inflammatory mediators, such as C reactive protein , interleukin 1β ; interleukin 6 , tumor necrosis factor alpha , and reactive oxygen species , have been proposed to contribute to essential hypertension through several mechanisms, including enhancement of arterial stiffness and/or endothelial dysfunction . Matrix metalloproteinases are proteolytic enzymes that degrade the extracellular matrix , the basement membrane, and play a role in tissue repair and vascular remodeling .
Domoic acid is a small neurotoxic molecule that is naturally produced by phytoplankton and accumulates in seafood products during harmful algal blooms  . Domoic acid has since been shown to severely impact seabirds and marine mammals via transfer through planktivorous prey . For humans, risks of exposure to high levels of domoic acid are managed by testing shellfish and regulating harvests based on toxin loads ; however, there are no regulatory guidelines in place for protection from long term low level repetitive exposure  due to a lack of knowledge regarding the health impacts of chronic or episodic low level domoic acid exposure  .
High quality genome sequence is a prerequisite for whole genome analyses but further, robust and complete annotations are essential for a genome to be fully utilized by the scientific community. Many of these features can be automatically predicted by sophisticated software packages based on sequence or structure comparisons . The identification of protein coding genes is widely considered to be critical to understanding the biology of an organism .
Protein biomarkers are critical for early detection of disease, prognosis and therapy monitoring. Beta 2 microglobulin  is an FDA approved biomarker used in the diagnosis of active rheumatoid arthritis and kidney disease , . B2m is the light chain of the major histocompatibility complex class I  molecules .
Degenerative joint disease affects twenty million adults with an economic burden of over $40 billion per year in the US. Once damaged, adult human articular cartilage has a limited capacity for intrinsic repair and hence injuries can lead to progressive damage, joint degeneration, pain, and disability. Cell based repair of small cartilage defects in the knee joint was first demonstrated clinically fifteen years ago.
Nuclear DNA content, or genome size , varies > 1000 fold among angiosperms . Moreover, several studies have reported within species correlations between GS and ecological variables, such as altitude, latitude and temperature . Population level analyses offer the best opportunity to infer selection on GS , but most analyses of the evolutionary processes acting on GS have taken place on an interspecies scale.
Stroke is a leading cause of death nationally and internationally  and is associated with enormous public health burden, reductions in quality of life, increased health care costs, and a loss in economic productivity. Stroke is the 4th leading cause of death in the U.S. . In South Carolina, stroke was the 3rd leading cause of death and ranked 8th among other states in 2006 .
Normal learning and behavior require the proper maturation and plasticity of synapses. Here, we identify the adenomatous polyposis coli  protein as an essential regulator, in vivo, of synaptic density, maturation and signal transduction networks in forebrain neurons . APC is a ubiquitiously expressed, large scaffold protein with multiple binding partners and functions.
Cancer vaccines have not significantly improved the clinical outcome and patient survival , even though it is possible to detect tumor specific CTL in peptide vaccinated patients. More encouraging results have been obtained, for both solid and hematological malignancies, in settings of adoptive immunotherapy by the administration of autologous tumor specific CD8+ T cells expanded and activated in vitro . In this setting, TRP 2specific CD8+ T lymphocytes, which proliferated after in vitro stimulation, efficiently recognized peptide pulsed target cells but recognized B16 melanoma cells poorly .
Oligodendrocyte precursor cells  are generated from progenitor zones in the forebrain beginning at various times during embryonic development . Sonic Hedgehog regulates the production of OPCs from ventral progenitor zones, but the signaling pathways that regulate the dorsal generation of OPCs are only beginning to be elucidated  . Wnts are secreted glycoprotein ligands that regulate development of dorsal CNS structures .
Argininosuccinate synthetase  catalyzes the third step in the urea cycle, the conversion of citrulline and aspartate into argininosuccinic acid with the cleavage of ATP into AMP and PPi. Complete deficiency of the enzyme results in classic citrullinemia. This disorder is typically associated with elevations in citrulline above 1500 μM and is associated with significant long term neurological disability .
In this study we provide global transcriptomic profiling and analysisof botulinum toxin A treated muscle over a 1 yearperiod . Microarray analysis was performed on rat tibialis anterior musclesfrom 4 groups  at 1, 4, 12, and 52weeks after BoNT A injection compared with saline injected rats at 12weeks . Dramatic transcriptional adaptation occurred at 1 week with aparadoxical increase in expression of slow and immature isoforms, activationof genes in competing pathways of repair and atrophy, impaired mitochondrialbiogenesis, and increased metal ion imbalance.
Atherosclerosis, the major cause of cardiovascular diseases, has been a leading contributor to morbidity and mortality in the United States, and it has been on the rise globally. The statistics that account for the rise in incidence consequently call for new imaging techniques to advance the research and diagnosis of atherosclerosis. Notably, MRI can achieve molecular imaging using contrast agents.
Oligomers of N substituted glycines, or “peptoids”, are a new class of unnatural materials that are capable of mimicking the structure and function of peptides and proteins. Peptoids offer several advantages over peptides as therapeutic or diagnostic agents. They are resistant to proteases and more membrane permeable, due to the lack of amide  NH groups, thus overcoming two major problems associated with peptide drugs.
Frailty, a public health challenge, may be a significant issue among homelessand disenfranchised populations in urban and rural cities across the United States. Defined as an accumulation of deficits  across physical, psychological, and social domains , this phenomenon may be a major contributor to disability,morbidity, and premature mortality. While other authors focus on signs, and disease classifications, oftenleading to adverse outcomes  .
Excessive alcohol consumption during pregnancy may cause many adverse developmental effects in the conceptus that are now recognized as a spectrum of cognitive, behavioral, and structural abnormalities termed Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders . Effective clinical diagnosis of FAS/FASD depends, in part, on a distinct set of abnormal facial features  . All require distinct criteria for alterations in growth, facial dysmorphology, and central nervous system abnormalities.
Recombinant adeno associated virus  vectors have recently emerged as a promising and novel means by which transgenes can be delivered to different tissue types successfully in a large range of animal species including humans. rAAVs have a number of advantageous characteristics that identify them as one of the most feasible gene transfer vectors in the treatment of a variety of diseases, including neurological diseases. Furthermore, there are now a number of different rAAV serotypes available that confer different cellular tropisms  .
The negative impact of having a family member with a serious mental health issues or chronic illness is well documented. Literature reviews consistently point to the physical, emotional, financial, and interpersonal toll that people with serious mental health issues  and chronic illnesses  have on their loved ones who are often spouses or cohabitating adults. Irrespective of gender, it is widely documented that spousal/intimate partner substance abuse is associated with relationship difficulties for the non substance abusing partner.
The use of flame retardants has contributed to a drastic drop in the incidence of fires in the past thirty years. There are 209 possible PBDE congeners; commercially used PBDEs are penta , octa , and deca brominated mixtures. PBDEs are not fixed to the polymer product through chemical binding, and can thus leak into the environment .
Respiratory syncytial virus  is a major cause of infant morbidity from severe lower respiratory tract infection with bronchiolitis worldwide. Early attempts at vaccination of seronegative infants and young children using formalin inactivated RSV were unsuccessful. Vaccinees, after subsequent natural RSV infection, exhibited a more severe illness characterized in several instances by enhanced pulmonary injury with extensive mononuclear cell infiltration and pulmonary eosinophilia, compared to placebo vaccine control children .
Mutations in leucine rich repeat protein kinase 2  underlie the most common known genetic cause of familial and apparently sporadic Parkinson's disease  cases . The LRRK2 protein contains several distinctive structural and functional domains . These include a “Ras of complex proteins” / GTPase domain and a kinase domain that shares a high degree of homology with mitogen activated protein kinases kinase kinase  .
The HIV 1 matrix  protein represents the N terminal domain of the precursor Gag  protein that directs the assembly of HIV particles . Molecular biology experiments have demonstrated that MA plays essential roles in targeting PrGag proteins to membranes for assembly, and in incorporation of HIV SU/TM  envelope  protein trimers into virus particles . However, alternative membrane binding domains  can replace MA in terms of directing the assembly of virus particles at membranes .
Forkhead box  transcription factors represent a closely related family of proteins that mediate cell cycle progression, survival, and differentiation . The defining feature of FOX transcription factors is a conserved DNA binding region known as the forkhead box or winged helix domain. Foxd3 is required for maintainingpluripotent cells in the early mouse embryo and Foxd3 knockout mice die early during mouse development since it functions to maintain cells of the inner cell mass , trophoblast progenitors  and neural crest cell precursors .
Small animal models of human disease play an important role in the development of new therapies for human diseases by providing a complete, functional biological system in which the effects of novel interventions may be tested and characterized. MRI is often used in assessing small animal models of disease because it yields high resolution images with excellent soft tissue contrast, it is non invasive, and it does not require the use of ionizing radiation . Efficiency may be improved by simultaneously imaging multiple subjects.
The ancient phylum of Apicomplexa encompasses thousands of unicellular animal parasite species, including important human pathogens such as Plasmodium, Toxoplasma, Cryptosporidia and Cyclospora species. While most healthy adults do not develop disease symptoms, congenital infection of infants during pregnancy can lead to severe developmental impairments or death. Toxoplasmosis can also be fatal in immunocompromised patients.
Immunologic self tolerance is required for an effective immune system, and is provided by the concerted activities of central and peripheral tolerance. A growing body of evidence describes mechanisms underlying the generation and activity of regulatory T cells  that bear the CD4+25+Foxp3+ phenotype . These Ag specific Tregs play an important role in tolerance to tissue specific self Ags  .
Intercellular calcium waves  provide a mechanism for long range signaling between astrocytes . The main type of glial cell in sensory ganglia is the satellite glial cell . These cells share many properties with astrocytes of the central nervous system , including expression of glutamine synthetase and various neurotransmitter transporters .
Saturation transfer  magnetic resonance spectroscopy  techniques enable the measurement of in vivo chemical reaction kinetics . The CK reaction is the primary energy reserve of the heart. In skeletal and heart muscle, the CK reaction putatively shuttles high energy phosphate between the mitochondria, where ATP is created, and the myofibrils, where it is used.
Misery perfusion constitutes a hemodynamic state in which cerebral blood flow falls yet oxygen metabolism is maintained by increased oxygen extraction fraction  . Several methods for measuring OEF have been developed. However, arterial blood sampling is an invasive procedure, and percutaneous arterial cannulation may not be possible in all patients .
Benzene, a component of gasoline, is associated with various hematological cancers . Multiple possible mechanisms of action are thought to be involved in benzene toxicity . We observed significant effects on the expression of a relatively large number of genes across the range of exposures.
Recent high throughput sequencing of cancer genomes has led to newdiscoveries of mutations in cellular processes that were not previously known toplay a causal role in cancer. Among the recentlydiscovered spliceosome genes that are involved in cancers, SF3B1 is the mostfrequently mutated. SF3B1 mutations are found with high frequency in myelodysplasticsyndromes  and chronic myelogenous leukemia ; it is also mutated in solidtumors such as lung adenocarcinomas, breast cancer, and pancreatic cancer.
Surrogate decision makers of critically ill patients often have inaccurate expectations about their loved one's prognosis. This is problematic because prognostic information influences treatment decisions. Undue optimism in particular may lead to the use of invasive treatments that are inconsistent with patients' preferences.
Human interleukin 6 is a multifunctional pro inflammatory cytokine produced by many cell types including immune cells , vascular smooth muscle cells , adipocytes and skeletal muscle . Interleukin 6 has both an acute and chronic inflammatory role . It mediates downstream inflammatory cascades, including the production of C reactive protein and fibrinogen .
The regulatory functions of CD4+ CD25+ FoxP3+ cells  in maintaining peripheral tolerance, to self antigens has led to studies investigating their use in inhibiting alloreactive T cell responses following allogeneic marrow transplantation. Naturally occurring Tregs can induce transplantation tolerance in mice. A significant reduction of lethal graft versus host disease  has been observed following injection of freshly isolated or ex vivo activated Tregs.
S100A4, also known as Fsp1 , is well known to be over expressed in fibrotic diseases of the lung, kidney, liver, and heart . In normal adult tissues, its expression is confined to fibroblasts and other cell types of mesenchymal origin. However, in the higher grade endometrioid carcinomas and the non endometrioid carcinomas, S100A4 protein is expressed in tumor epithelial cells.
The acute respiratory distress syndrome  is a highly morbid clinical entity marked pathophysiologically by the flooding of the alveolar space with protein rich fluid which leads to severe impairment of gas exchange and hypoxia . However, this barrier becomes severely compromised during ARDS . Transcellular contractile forces generated by thick actin filaments termed stress fibers disrupt the EC barrier, while peripherally directed cell cell and cell matrix tethering forces seal paracellular gaps and increase barrier function .
First described in yeast , the SUV3 gene was later found to be conserved throughout evolution with orthologs documented in bacteria, plants, nematodes, Drosophila and mammals . The yeast SUV3 protein localizes primarily in the mitochondrial matrix and displays RNA helicase activity . Together with the ribonuclease DSS1, SUV3 forms a RNA degradosome complex  that affects a variety of mitochondrial processes.
Neuropeptides and their role in regulating inflammatory processes is becoming a topic of major interest in clinical medicine. It has been established that substance P and calcitonin gene related peptide are associated with inflammation associated pain . Serum concentrations of BDNF in patients with atopic dermatitis have been shown to be elevated and correlate with disease severity  .
Alzheimer Disease  is a neurodegenerative disorder involving severe cognitive decline that is characterized by initial synaptic dysfunction and later extensive neuronal death in the CNS . For example, in AD patients the levels of soluble Aβ correlate with disease severity, while plaques burden does not. .
A large number of new neurons are added to the dentate gyrus  of adult mammals . There is considerable evidence that these adult born granule neurons are physiologically functional  and contribute to hippocampus dependent behaviors . Despite the wide range of behaviors that appear to require new neuron function, little is known about the specific contribution of new neurons to hippocampal function .
Current efficacy data supporting the routine use of acellular dermal matrices  in postmastectomy tissue expander/implant reconstruction is limited. A multi center, blinded, randomized controlled study was designed to evaluate the effectiveness of ADM in the setting of TE/I reconstruction. The primary objective of the study was to determine whether the use of ADM would decrease patient reported, post operative pain.
Inherited deficiency of hepatic alanine:glyoxylate aminotransferase  in primary hyperoxaluria type 1  or glyoxylate reductase/hydroxypyruvate reductase  in primary hyperoxaluria type 2  results in marked overproduction of oxalate by the liver . High concentrations of oxalate in the urine form complexes and crystals with calcium resulting in urinary tract stones, as well as injury to renal tubule epithelial cells and nephrocalcinosis . Over time there is progressive loss of renal function .
Although the role of B7: CD28 interactions in promoting initial T cell activation is well established, a separate role for B7: CD28 interactions in promoting T cell tolerance has only recently been acknowledged . Investigation of the severe and accelerated diabetes that develops in CD28 deficient  and B7.1/2 double deficient  NOD  mice  revealed that B7: CD28 interactions control regulatory T cells . The results suggest that the B7: CD28 costimulatory pathway is essential for the development and homeostasis of regulatory T cells.
Transforming growth factor βs  are multifunctional cytokines with widespread effects on cell growth and differentiation, migration, and extracellular matrix  deposition, and have key roles in wound repair . With respect to cutaneous repair, TGF β1 and TGF β2 are known to promote fibroplasia and scar, while TGF β3 may or may not reduce scar  . The transition from scarless fetal type repair to adult type repair with scar occurs between days 16  and 18  of gestation in fetal rat skin .
TMS holds significant promise as a tool for cognitive neuroscience  as well as psychiatric research in the areas of depression and obsessive compulsive disorder . Unfortunately, the poor spatial focus of the current generation of TMS coils severely limits the ability of the clinical investigator in psychiatry to more precisely direct neuronal stimulation. Present TMS coilss stimulate large regions of tissue at a time limited to areas near the surface of the brain, as the electric field drops as the inverse of the distance to the coil.
A growing consensus has indicated that the temperature sensitivity of the water proton resonant frequency   is the most well suited parameter to exploit to create temperature maps for MRI guidance of thermal therapies. Typically, changes in water PRF are estimated using phase difference images of a gradient echo sequence . Difference images are necessary to remove variations caused by inhomogeneities in the magnetic field.
Podosomes and invadopodia are related cellular structures present in cells with physiologically or pathologically invasive behaviors respectively . Reactive oxygen species , particularly superoxide and peroxide, can be produced in a number of ways . In cancer cells, mitochondrial dysfunction and metabolic stress can lead to increased ROS production, with subsequent DNA damage and altered apoptotic responses .
During the year 2008, there were about 215,000 new patients diagnosed with lung cancer, more than 80% of whom will die of their disease. One solution lies in understanding the lung cancer genome and its variations in their entirety, based not only on the histologic type, but also the developmental stages of lung cancers. FFPE tumor tissues serve as indispensable tools for determining proteinaceous antigens and therefore serve the cause of research, diagnosis and teaching .
Adults rely on intrinsic sources of regulation to manage their emotions and effectively navigate social interactions and the environment . However, children have yet to develop these internal mechanisms of regulation, as amygdalaprefrontal circuitry undergoes protracted development through adolescence . Early in life, the caregiver, often the mother, is one of the most potent stimuli for  altricial species and plays an essential role in typical behavioral and neural development .
Programmed cell death 4  is a novel tumor suppressor that inhibits tumorigenesis by interfering with translation initiation. Consequently, Pdcd4 is predicted to specifically prevent the translation of mRNAs with highly structured 5’UTRs that require unwinding for efficient translation. As a result of its translation inhibitory effects, Pdcd4 inhibits transformation, migration and invasion in vitro .
The domestic dog  exhibits the greatest morphologic diversity of any mammal . Variation in size between breeds spans two orders of magnitude with the 1 kg Chihuahua and 100 kg mastiff representing extremes of the continuum. An equally impressive level of variation is apparent when considering conformation.
Endothelial cell proliferation and migration are essential for angiogenesis. Moreover, neuropilin has recently been identified as a VEGF binding protein and has been shown to function as a co receptor for VEGFR2 . VEGF induces a cascade of phosphorylation reactions, beginning with autophosphorylation of both receptors on tyrosine .
The goals of non surgical periodontal therapy  are debridement of bacterial plaque and removal of bacterial products from root surfaces. While this approach is usually successful in arresting periodontal attachment loss, periodontal breakdown may continue to progress in some patients. Both pathogens are capable of evading the body’s immune/defense system by invading epithelial cells lining periodontal pockets .
Obsessive compulsive disorder  and Tourette syndrome  are neurodevelopmental disorders with significant phenotypic and genetic overlap., The association of large, rare CNVs with neurodevelopmental disorders including autism spectrum disorders , schizophrenia, and intellectual disability  has been one of the most important recent advances in psychiatric genomics. Both OCD and TS are highly heritable and have long been suspected to share genetic liability, though specific gene variants have been difficult to identify. Both disorders frequently co occur in individuals, and there is evidence for shared OCD/TS genetic risk from family studies,, with genetic correlation estimates ranging from 4190%.,.
The Mammalian Rel NF κB family of transcription factors play important roles in innate and adaptive immune responses, inflammation, cell survival and cancer, . However, the Nfκb2 gene product p100, which contains IκB like ankyrin repeats in its C terminal region, is regulated through the alternative NF κB signaling pathway. TRAF2 6 also contain an N terminal RING finger that is critical for E3 activity, which catalyzes formation of non degradative K63 linked polyubiquitin chains, a function demonstrated most clearly for TRAF2 and TRAF6.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by recurrent episodes of hypomania or mania and major depression. The rate reported by a representative community sample of adolescents and young adults in Germany  appears lower than that from clinical samples. In a sample of seriously ill inpatients from Switzerland, the rate of conversion was greatest in the first four years after onset of first episode and thereafter was linear at a change rate of about 1.25% per year .
Head and neck squamous cell carcinomas  may arise in diverse locations but have a common etiologic association with tobacco and/or alcohol exposure. The management of HNSCC often consists of surgical resection, followed by postoperative radiotherapy or chemoradiation therapy. However, cure rates from chemoradiotherapy or radiation alone, with preservation of organ function, have been reported comparable to those achieved by combined surgery and postoperative radiotherapy.
Biofilms, defined as surface attached bacteria encased in a hydrated polymeric matrix, are the cause of many persistent and chronic bacterial infections. Biofilms are notoriously difficult to eradicate because the embedded bacteria are less susceptible to antibiotics and the host immune response . The typical polymeric matrix is composed primarily of exopolysaccharides that are secreted by the bacteria and remain loosely associated with their surfaces .
Cancer immunoediting, the process whereby the immune system controls tumor outgrowth and shapes tumor immunogenicity, is comprised of three phases: elimination, equilibrium and escape ). Elimination is a modernized view of the older concept of cancer immunosurveillance that now takes into account that efficient tumor destruction requires the coordinated effects of both innate and adaptive immunity. Sometimes not all tumor cells are eliminated and the residual tumor cells enter the equilibrium phase where the immune system and developing tumor enter into a temporary state of balance that controls tumor outgrowth.
Early experience has been shown to have a profound impact on the prevalence of functional bowel disorders. Restricted fetal growth  significantly increases the incidence of irritable bowel syndrome  and a birth weight less than 1500g accelerates the age of symptom onset , most likely due to an immature gastrointestinal tract at birth . Neonatal stress in rats, generated by either maternal separation  or unpredictable shock , produces many of the symptoms observed in IBS patients, including visceral hyperalgesia , enhanced colonic motility  and increased epithelial permeability .
Traumatic brain injury  is one of the most common causes of death and long term disability in the pediatric age range . According to a report on Emergency Department  visit, hospitalizations, and deaths in the United States for the years 19952001 , nearly half a million children 014 years of age had TBI each year during this period. Of this number, 91.6% were treated and released from an ED, 7.8 % were hospitalized, and .6% died.
Oligodendrocytes  are necessary for myelination of axons in the central nervous system, and thus essential for proper brain function. Several cell types are described as the initial oligodendrocyte progenitors: common oligodendrocyte and astrocyte progenitors  , glial restricted precursors , a common neuronoligodendrocyte progenitor in the ventral spinal cord , and adult subventricular zone . However, SHH independent oligodendrogenesis from dorsal progenitors has been reported both in vivo  and in vitro  .
Matrix assisted laser desorption/ionization time of flight mass spectrometry  is a well established rapid, selective, and sensitive analytical tool for characterization of biomolecules. using 30 nm cobalt particles mixed with glycerol. demonstrated SALDI MS using larger size  graphite particles mixed with glycerol as a matrix.
Activation of N methyl D aspartate receptors  initiates a cascade of molecular events underlying synaptic plasticity and learning . However, NMDARs are not necessary for hippocampal dependent forms of learning and memory under all experimental conditions   and the precise role of NMDARs in synaptic plasticity and memory encoding is not fully understood . NMDARs are heteromeric assemblies composed of an obligatory GluN1 subunit and 1 or more GluN2  subunits .
The acute phase response  is characterized by rapid and dramatic changes in the pattern of proteins produced and released by liver cells in response to a series of pathological conditions such as inflammations, infections and traumas . The APR constitutes an ideal system for the study of the regulation of gene expression. In the liver, the APR is characterized by significant changes in its gene and protein expression profile, resulting in the up regulation of positive acute phase proteins  such as C reactive protein, as well as in the down regulation of negative APPs such as transthyretin  and albumin.
In contrast to most other mammalian cell types, adult neural cells have traditionally been thought of as non regenerative cells. Over the past 20 years, however, our understanding of the reality, importance and consequences of post developmental neural cell proliferation has undergone considerable revision. Originally believed to be derived from astrocytes, there is now convincing genetic and functional evidence that gliomas, the predominant primary brain tumors, originate from neural stem cells  , suggesting that these cell types may share common mechanisms of cell cycle regulation .
Progressive remodeling of the left ventricular  architecture occurs after myocardial infarction . Even with current optimal therapy, mortality in end stage heart failure amounts to 2050% per year . To restore wall tension, the endoventricular circular patch plasty technique   and partial left ventriculectomy   have been clinically implemented for severe cardiac dilation and dysfunction many years after an infarction.
Recent estimates for the incidence of hypertriglyceridemia  levels over 150 mg/dl) is 30% of U.S. adults . Report that mice lacking sn glycerol 3 phosphate acyltransferase , the accepted rate controlling enzyme in de novo TG synthesis pathway , exhibit decreased blood and liver TG, and improved insulin sensitivity suggests the possibility that the regulation of TG synthesis be a target for therapy . But to date no therapeutic strategy targets GPAT .
Imitation plays a central role in the development of motor control, speech/language/communication, and social life . Many of these skills have been reported to play a relevant role in imitation. Imitation is not a simple matching mechanism; it includes various motor, perceptual, and cognitive elements such as visuomotor perception, visual attention, short term memory .
Vascular smooth muscle cells  arise from a diverse range of tissues including neural crest, somites, splanchnic mesoderm, gut mesothelium, and epicardium , and past data has demonstrated that many coronary VSMC  are derived from the embryonic epicardium, . While several genes have been identified that are essential for the formation, attachment, and spreading of the epicardium, few genes have been identified that are essential during epithelial to mesenchymal transition  and subsequent differentiation into cVSMC and cardiac fibroblasts . Platelet derived growth factor receptor  tyrosine kinases are one family of signaling proteins that are potentially involved in epicardial cell function.
Several of the biochemical constituents of saliva, such as acidic and basic proline rich proteins , lysozyme, lactoferrin, peroxidase, histatins, cystatins, mucins and secretory immunoglobulins A , have been isolated in sufficient quantities, mostly from pure glandular secretions, enabling studies to investigate their functional roles . Major groups of these salivary proteins, including acidic PRPs, statherin and histatins, have characteristics deemed important for oral health . Their beneficial properties comprise the inhibition of primary and secondary calcium phosphate precipitation which is essential for maintaining tooth enamel integrity  and antimicrobial activities critical for the host defense against oral infections .
The Hsp90/Hsp70 based chaperone machinery that forms signaling protein•Hsp90 heterocomplexes  is also part of the cellular defense against unfolded proteins . However, there are many E3 ligases , and it is not known how many of them function in a chaperone dependent manner, although some clearly do . There is some evidence that E3 ligases may function in a redundant manner to ubiquitinate Hsp90 client proteins.
Toxoplasmosis is a serious infectious disease for humans. The disease is most severe in the fetus, newborn infants and in immunocompromised individuals . They are self adjuvanting and have been successful in the induction of immune responses without additional adjuvants .
Despite an overall decline in mortality rates, the gap in mortality rates among socioeconomic status  groups has increased in many countries in the last couple of decades . In addition, international variations in the three established coronary risk factors account for less than half of the international variations in coronary heart disease mortality rates  . Karasek reported that high demands and low control conditions at work were considered stressful .
The costs and benefits of producing communication signals can vary , and therefore individuals should modulate their signalling effort  according to extrinsic factors, such as characteristics of the physical environment or the quality of competition among conspecifics, and to intrinsic factors, such as the signaller’s own physiological state or competitive quality. Such context dependent, behavioral plasticity requires the neural processing of these factors, followed by production of the appropriate motor programs involved in modulating signal production . In most songbird species, adult males attract mates and repel competing males by producing learned vocalizations known as song .
Mitochondria are essential for cellular function and are a sensitive target for damage induced by ischemia reperfusion  injury, such as the overproduction of reactive oxygen species  and overload of Ca2+, both of which can trigger the formation of the mitochondrial permeability transition  pore at reperfusion . Mitochondrial dysfunction has significant implications for post ischemic recovery . IPC triggers an array of cell signaling pathways, many of which converge at the mitochondrion.
Well differentiated neuronal neoplasms composed of small neurons superficially resembling oligodendrocytes  have a tendency to arise within the ventricular system, most often in the septum pellucidum nearby the foramen of Monro. Morphologically similar neoplasms may occur in the cerebral hemispheres or in the spinal cord parenchyma and are therefore referred as “extraventricular neurocytomas”   . Concurrent deletion of chromosome arms 1p and 19q, abnormalities frequently encountered in oligodendrogliomas, is associated with an improved response to treatment and/or a more favorable prognosis in these tumors .
Crystallins, the major structural proteins of the eye lens, are primarily categorized into three distinct families: α, β and γ. The two α crystallins, αA and αB, are the principal members of the small heat shock protein  family acting as molecular chaperones. The agents that induce oxidative stress include hydrogen peroxide , superoxide, hydroxyl radical, and others.
Microfabrication technologies have been used to chemically and topologically pattern glass coverslips to investigate the influences of such features on neuronal polarity, axon migration and growth cone behaviours. In the brain and in vitro, neurons contact surfaces for stabilizing attachment and, importantly, for receiving developmentally instructive signals that are transduced to modulate gene transcription, energy/resource utilisation, and neuronal fine structure mediated through the cytoskeleton. , Microfluidic devices can be used to form binary chemical patterns that can be used to present cells with stark differences in the substratum.
suggest that a chemical agent’s optical clearing potential is strongly tied to its ability to screen non covalent, hydrophilic, intermolecular attractive forces resulting in destabilization of high order collagen structures. Unfortunately, these agents typically possess hydrophilic properties, and hence are unsuitable as topically applied agents due to their inability to penetrate through the lipid rich stratum corneum. The primary objective of our study was to evaluate the optical clearing potential of DMSO  when applied topically to in vitro and in vivo skin.
Anemia, bleeding, and other potential indications for allogenic red blood cell  transfusions are common among patients admitted to intensive care units . Historically, pathophysiologic reasoning informed recommendations that a hemoglobin concentration  greater than 10 g/dL should be maintained in this patient population. However, based on more than a decade of clinical research evidence, more recent clinical practice guidelines advocate for using restrictive transfusion thresholds in ICU patients .
Obesity is a serious public health problem of dramatically rising prevalence in recent decades in the United States and the world, with currently over 65% of adults in the U.S. classified as either overweight or obese . Early studies of obesity focused on metabolic differences between obese and non obese persons; however, advances in structural and functional neuroimaging techniques have recently begun to shed light on neuroanatomical and neurophysiological factors that may be related to obesity . These studies have generally found increased responses to both visual and olfactory cues associated with high calorie foods in obesity.
Retinal microvascular abnormalities that accompany diabetes include arteriolar constriction , capillary dropout, and localized areas of ischemia, the last of which is implicated in the eventual vision problems associated with the pathological growth of new blood vessels . The decreases in retinal blood flow associated with human diabetes, which have been reported to be ~33% , occur early in the progression of the disease. The mechanisms of the decrease in blood flow have yet to be determined .
Tuberculosis  is an infectious disease caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis  and related species that is most commonly observed as a chronic pulmonary infection . TB, once the leading cause of infectious disease mortality, was nearly eradicated from industrialized nations in the 20th century through a combination of public health measures and the introduction of antibiotics . Ultimately, success in each area will be required to control TB .
The cerebellar cortex is one of the best characterized circuits of the central nervous system and is known to play a key role in the precise timing of motor control. Purkinje cells form the sole output of the cerebellar cortex and project to the deep nuclei of the cerebellum  where they form GABAergic synapses. Purkinje cells also exhibit local axon collaterals, which typically bifurcate in the granule cell layer and project back up to the Purkinje cell layer, and occasionally into the molecular layer.
Oxidative damage to DNA leads to activation of poly polymerase , which participates in DNA repair. Within the nucleus, PARP 1 and PARP 2 are the major enzymes that contribute to overall PARP activity induced by DNA damage , and they appear to have specific functions in the DNA repair process . With extensive oxidative damage, as occurs with cerebral ischemia, PARP activity increases substantially, and poly  polymers accumulate on a variety of proteins .
Malaria is a significant cause of anemia in children living in areas of high and low intensities of transmission . In these children, the prevalence of malarial anemia is over 30%, and in the future, it is likely the prevalence and intensities of malarial anemia will increase as drug resistance in Plasmodium falciparum, already reported to artemisinin in Asia, increases and spreads to Africa and elsewhere. The anemia in malaria has been attributed to destruction of infected and non infected red cells and variable degree of dyserythropoiesis,   and both acute and sub acute infections contribute to the morbidity and mortality associated with malarial anemia , .
Emergency department  evaluation of syncope may benefit from improved epidemiologic understanding of patterns and predictors of short term, cardiac events. Previous studies have examined risk factors at 1 year following an episode of syncope, a timeframe not ideal for decision making in the acute care setting . Recent cohort studies identifying predictors of short term  events after syncope are relatively small ,  and reported prediction models have limited stability and generalizability.
It is well established that pregnant women are at a significantly higher risk of HIV acquisition during pregnancy and breastfeeding than their non pregnant counterparts. Research done in several low and middle income countries show that despite universal antenatal testing, HIV infected babies are born to women who had negative HIV tests during prenatal care, implicating seroconversion during pregnancy. Because of this concern, HIV testing of women at the time of labor and delivery has been implemented at the Grupo Conceiçao, a large public medical group located in Porto Alegre, the capital and largest city in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul.
In cemented total hip arthroplasty, the implant needs a mechanically stable cement bone interface for long term survival. These factors, combined with the quantity and morphology of the bone, contribute to a substantial variation in mechanical properties of the cement bone interface  . Although previously the strength of the cement bone interface has been investigated as a single variable , the strength of the cement bone interface has also been related to morphologic characteristics such as cement penetration depth and cement bone contact area.
Although vocal communication is essential for the survival of many animal species, the neurophysiological basis of the perception of intra specific communication signals is still not well understood. Vocalizations used by animals are rich signals that contain information about the vocalizer identity and spatial location and some “meaning” that refers to the emotional status, the intent of the vocalizer or even referential information such as a particular type of food in advertising calls or a particular type of predator in alarm calls . Depending on the type of information a listener is attending to , the variability of the acoustic signals that relates to the identity of the vocalizer , the production variance between renditions  or even the transmission variability ) might be of less importance and could be ignored by the listener .
HisG is an ATP phosphoribosyl transferase  that catalyzes the first step in the biosynthetic pathway for histidine, which also leads to intermediates that play a role in purine biosynthesis. HisG condenses ATP with phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate  to produce phosphoribosyl ATP  and inorganic pyrophosphate  . Tuberculosis kills over 2 million people per year worldwide, and it is estimated that over one third of the human population is at least latently infected.
In response to injury/infection there is the sequential release of pro inflammatory mediators including complement, histamine, bradykinin and 5 hydroxytryptamine along with cytokines and chemokines that cause cell and edema accumulation. In attempts to enhance our understanding of acute inflammation, we are beginning to realise that, in addition to endogenous checkpoints that temper PMN trafficking there are also signals that control the transition of PMNs to phagocytosing macrophages , IL6/IL6ra complex), scavenge cytokine/chemokine from the inflammatory environment , lipoxins) as well as clear macrophages to the draining lymph nodes  and resolvins) leading to inflammatory resolution. Thus, innate immune responses are designed to combat infection and repair injured tissues in a timely manner.
The central nervous system  is composed of complex networks of synaptically linked neurons. The development and use of neurotropic viruses as an alternative to traditional tract tracing tools have greatly enhanced our understanding of complex neuronal circuitry, particularly the innervation of thoracic and abdominal viscera . Despite this progress there is a paucity of knowledge concerning how injury, particularly spinal cord injury , affects neuronal circuitry.
A “divergent pathway” model has been proposed to conceptualize the development of cutaneous melanoma. , The model seeks to incorporate diverse yet consistently reported phenomena relating to the development of melanoma. Thus, it is hypothesized that people predisposed to few nevi, who are assumed to have a low propensity for melanocytic proliferation, require continued high levels of sun exposure to drive the proliferation of epidermal melanocytes to cancer.
Ewing’s sarcoma is a poorly differentiated pediatric and young adult cancer of bone and soft tissue. EWS/FL 1 is the most common chromosome translocation associated with Ewing’s sarcomas . Rapid tumor growth and extensive bone destruction are typical features of this tumor .
The vast majority of Cardiac Magnetic Resonance  is performed using non real time techniques based on either prospective or retrospective processing of physiological signals such as using the ECG to synchronize MRI data acquisition with the cardiac phases, but real time CMR at high spatial resolution has long been a goal of the field. Another contributor to real time CMR research is known as dynamic imaging. Unfortunately, all acceleration techniques for MRI can only be pushed so far until image artifacts destroy the reconstructions, and each method has its own unique limitations.
The conserved kinase Chk1 is a participant in the first line of defense against DNA damage and replication blocks. The Chk1 proteins consist of two primary domains, the well conserved N terminal kinase domain and the less conserved non catalytic C terminal domain that contains two highly conserved subdomains that we call TRF and GD domains., The C termini of the Chk1 orthologues are phosphorylated following DNA damage and replication blocks. The C terminal domain of vertebrate Chk1 has also been suggested to play an inhibitory role in the kinase activity of the protein.
David Marr  characterized vision as “knowing what is where.” Despite these displacements, our perception of the world is for the most part reassuringly stationary and stable. Whether these coordinates are explicitly represented in a spatiotopic map  or are only derived for individual objects when needed  is a topic of intense debate. Clearly, a retinotopic map can be made to track object locations in the world if retinotopic target positions are shifted to compensate for eye movements .
Alzheimer’s disease  is a progressive and gradual decline in cognitive function accompanied by extensive neurodegeneration. APP is sequentially cleaved by two membrane bound endoprotease activities, β  and γ secretase. β secretase  first cleaves APP to release an amino terminal derivative, sAPPβ.
The delivery of antigen to elicit protective immunity or tolerance represents an area of considerable interest for both vaccine development and the treatment of autoimmunity . Fc receptors that bind to the Fc region of IgG encompass the classical Fc receptors  and the neonatal Fc receptor, FcRn, that can be distinguished in several important ways. FcRn transports IgGs within and across cells, and the interaction properties of an IgG with FcRn are key determinants of its in vivo persistence .
Coronary thrombosis on a ruptured coronary plaque is the main pathophysiologic event that leads to acute coronary syndromes . Current recanalization therapies in these disease states include pharmacological thrombolysis and percutaneous coronary intervention , both of which have improved the prognosis of patients with STEMI . Each of these therapeutic interventions, however, has significant limitations.
Knowledge of the spatial radiofrequency  field distribution is important in a number of MRI applications such as quantitative T1 measurement  and correction of the B1 dependent intensity variation . While overall distribution of the RF field for each coil can be obtained by measuring test objects or numerically solving the Maxwell equation based on the known coil geometry and sample model, the actual RF distribution is dependent on the conductivity, dielectric properties, and coil loading of each object. A number of B1 mapping methods have been introduced .
Soft tissue sarcoma  is a heterogeneous group of mesenchymal malignancies. Consequently, identifying factors that regulate the anti apoptotic phenotype and elucidating the underlying molecular mechanisms of these apoptosis regulatory factors are crucial for the success of molecular target based therapeutics for human sarcoma . IRF8  is a transcription factor of the interferon regulatory factor family .
Although it has been appreciated for decades that folding of RNA into biologically active structures is controlled by the rate of RNA synthesis by RNA polymerase ,, the mechanisms by which RNAP guides RNA folding remain poorly understood. Pausing by both bacterial RNAP and eukaryotic RNAPII can guide proper RNA folding. The interplay of RNA folding and transcriptional pausing and their modulation by RNAP and associated regulators has been studied most extensively in bacteria.
Body dysmorphic disorder , a severe disorder characterized by preoccupation with an imagined or slight defect in one’s physical appearance, affects an estimated 1.82.4% of the population . A variant of BDD has been documented in which the primary preoccupation involves perceived imperfections of another person who looks normal ; however, to our knowledge, only five published case reports of body dysmorphic disorder by proxy  exist to date . For example,  described a woman who worried excessively about her daughter’s “crooked” nose and tried “pushing on it to make it straight” .
We and others have recently described a new subset of antigen presenting cells , termed Interferon producing Killer Dendritic Cells  or Natural Killer Dendritic Cells , that exhibit properties of both natural killer cells  and dendritic cells  . In depth phenotypic analyses established splenic IKDC as a homogeneous CD11cloB220+CD49b+ population, distinct from murine NK by their expression of MHC class II molecules  and from DC by their expression of NK receptors. Upon stimulation in vitro with CpG oligodeoxynucleotides  or in vivo with Listeria monocytogenes  splenic IKDC killed typical NK targets and demonstrated the unique ability to produce interferon gamma , IFN α and interleukin  12 .
Currently emerging and re emerging infectious diseases of zoonotic origin such as highly pathogenic avian influenza A pose a significant threat to human and animal health due to their elevated transmissibility . These drivers can be of an environmental, geographic, demographic, genetic, or other nature. Several techniques exist to help identify these drivers including bioinformatics, phylogeography, and spatial epidemiology but these methods are generally evaluated separately and do not consider the natural complementary principles of each other.
Emergency Medical Dispatchers  play an important role in optimizing acute stroke care and facilitating rapid transport by initiating pre arrival instructions to callers and dispatching emergency resources at the appropriate high level of priority. A more recent study of EMS calls in Germany similarly found that dispatchers recognized stroke in only 51% of stroke patients. In response to the availability of thrombolytic stroke therapy, a new algorithm for dispatcher use in interrogating 911 callers to identify stroke was implemented nationally in 2000.
Telomeres are repetitive DNA sequences that cap and protect chromosomal integrity. Average leukocyte telomere length is thought to provide a cumulative marker of cellular aging that integrates across multiple pathways, including DNA damage due to oxidative stress and the replicative history of various populations of WBC. Broadly defined, stress is a condition that occurs when environmental demands require physiologic or behavioral changes to maintain balance and homeostasis.
Posttraumatic stress disorder  is a stress linked disorder that affects a substantial proportion of the population, and is particularly prevalent in combat veterans. PTSD can be triggered by acute or chronic exposure to traumatic events, with intensity and duration of trauma considered important determinants in the trajectory of posttraumatic symptoms  There are several animals models of PTSD in the literature, including acute predator exposure , electric tails shocks, single prolonged stress, and inescapable stress, among others . However, efforts to develop paradigms that model chronic stress induced emergence of posttraumatic stress like behaviors have been limited .
The use of phages to treat bacterial infections, phage therapy, is an enigma of Western medicine. Only now, amid an ever growing threat from antibiotic resistant bacterial pathogens, is it being entertained again in the West. In concept, phage therapy seems invincible: a self replicating organism selectively killing only a pathogen, amplifying itself only where it is most needed  sites where the pathogen is lurking and abundant.
Acute lung injury  and acute respiratory distress syndrome  remain major challenges in modern intensive care medicine that are still associated with high mortality and morbidity . Several targets to control PMN infiltration have been identified and some drug candidates are in clinical trials, but no specific drug is available for treatment of ALI patients today . Chemokines exert their biological function through specific G protein coupled receptors.
Myocarditis is an acute inflammatory disease of the heart which may lead to chronic inflammation of the myocardium and dilated cardiomyopathy  . In myocarditis and DCM, autoantibodies react with cardiac myosin . While virus is important in acute myocarditis , the development of chronic myocarditis and cardiomyopathy may require exposure and release of cardiac myosin from damaged myocytes .
Helicobacter hepaticus  infection was discovered in the early 1990s in mice used in a carcinogenesis study . Increased liver cell proliferation has been observed in infected mice . In 8 of the 9 NTP studies with H. hepaticus infection, accompanied by hepatitis in many male mice, biologically significant increases in neoplasms were not observed or were observed at sites other than the liver .
RNA interference , a post transcriptional gene silencing method, mediated by small interfering RNA  of 1923 base pairs   has attracted attention for the development of novel highly effective therapeutics. Therefore, a considerable interest is being devoted to the development of non viral gene delivery vehicles  . Attempts to develop effective non viral vectors for in vivo delivery of nucleic acids to cancer cells through a systemic route are hampered by difficulties of combining high extracellular stability in the blood stream with ready availability of the nucleic acids following entry into the cells.
Diuretic drugs are central to the treatment of hypertension. It is therefore appropriate to consider ways in which their benefit can be optimized. Placebo controlled trials have demonstrated that diuretics are highly efficacious in reducing cerebrovascular accidents and yield a smaller but significant reduction in non fatal myocardial infarction.
Most mutations induced by carcinogens occur when DNA containing residual damage is replicated during S phase of the cell cycle. Such lesions perturb the structure of DNA and are likely to block replicative DNA polymerase complexes. These mechanisms are conserved but with additional layers of complexity in higher eukaryotes .
Antiretroviral  adherence is a key determinant of clinical outcomes, including viral load suppression, emergence of drug resistance, and progression to AIDS and death . Studies from low resource settings have reported adherence rates that are equivalent to or higher than those in resource rich countries . These high levels of adherence have been found despite structural barriers that can exact a significant economic and emotional toll on patients with HIV and their families .
Most current research involving measurement of gaze direction  employs video based eyetracking devices, which provide a relatively simple and cost effective way of obtaining two dimensional records. The usual method of determining eye position used by these devices is based on the relationship between the pupil center and image of one or more light sources formed by the corneal first surface . For angles of eye position up to ±30 deg relative to straight ahead, the pupil center shifts approximately linearly with eye position, while the minified corneal reflection shifts considerably less.
Because of its great importance, isoprene  and its oxidation reactions have been studied for many decades. , Approximately 500 teragrams of isoprene are emitted into the atmosphere annually, and consequently, the process of isoprene oxidation has significant effects on atmospheric chemistry. Isoprene oxidation by the hydroxyl radical leads to ozone formation in the troposphere.
Successful behavior requires continuous coordination between the initiation and inhibition of actions, the latter being particularly important when sudden changes in the situation call for an alteration, or even the cancellation, of a planned or ongoing behavior. Although in such trials the Stop process loses the race against the Go process, it will nevertheless usually be initiated and have proceeded partway . Consequently, approaches and results differ quite substantially between studies .
Lung transplantation has the potential to increase survival and improve quality of life for patients suffering from end stage lung disease. These positive outcomes have driven increased demand for the procedure with the number of transplants performed increasing every year . Due to the shortage of available donor organs and high mortality on the waiting list, the allocation system for lung transplantation in the United States has undergone considerable evolution over the past decade.
A greater understanding of the molecular pathways driving tumor initiation and proliferation has heralded an age of targeted therapies for cancer. The therapeutic successes of these drugs are satisfying from both the scientific and medical perspectives. In human papillomavirus  associated HNSCC, the high risk HPV type 16  E6 oncoprotein targets the cellular phosphatase, PTPN13, for degradation .
The trillions of microbial cells that reside within the intestine shape aspects of host metabolism and immune function and extend the physiological definition of humans . Community membership and function of the microbiota can change due to numerous variables including antibiotic treatment, inflammation, or changes in diet . In addition, changes in composition have been associated with obesity and weight loss; however, factors that cause these changes are not well defined .
Activation induced deaminase  catalyzes two B cell specific DNA alteration events, somatic hypermutation  and class switch recombination  . During SHM, point mutations are introduced into variable  region exons and the immediate downstream intronic J region, thereby enhancing the DNA sequence diversity of V regions to allow the selection of B cell clones with increased affinity for antigens . CSR can be induced by T cell dependent and independent antigens in vivo, and thus can occur in both GC and extra follicular B cells .
Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation  is commonly used for the relief of acute and chronic pain. TENS delivers electrical current through the skin to produce pain relief. Placebo induced expectancies decrease pain and modulate specific neural mechanisms , , .
Shotgun proteomics is a method of identifying proteins in a complex mixture by digesting a protein mixture to peptides prior to analysis. The resulting MS/MS spectra are then searched against a protein sequence database using a database searching algorithm to produce a peptide spectrum match  . High resolution mass spectrometers such as hybrid LTQ FT or LTQ Orbitrap combine the strengths of a Fourier transform mass analyzer with a linear ion trap mass spectrometer.
Axon regeneration in the mature mammalian brain and spinal cord is extremely limited after injury. Consequently, spinal cord injury causes persistent paralysis due to disconnection of descending axons from their normal targets. Presumably, recovery would be improved if axon regeneration could be achieved and if regenerating axons re established functional synapses below the injury level .
Ventricular arrhythmias commonly occur after successful resuscitation from cardiac arrest with a reported incidence of ventricular fibrillation  as high as 79%. Some studies have reported an inverse relationship between the number of VF episodes and survival. These episodes were noted to occur within a time window of 23 to 115 seconds with a median of 45 seconds after the return of spontaneous circulation.
The discovery of DNA vaccine technology in the early 1990s was a major event in the history of vaccinology due to the many unique features of DNA immunization, including its ability to elicit balanced antibody and T cell immunity . Animal studies further demonstrated that DNA immunization is effective in eliciting higher levels of antigen specific B cell responses . At the same time, the DNA plasmid itself confers an intrinsic adjuvant effect that enhances the immune response generated towards the vaccine encoded immunogens , but the intracellular processes involved remain to be fully elucidated.
Parity has a nonlinear association with cardiovascular events;,  with the minimum incidence in women with 2 births, a slightly higher incidence in nulliparas and primiparas, and a sharply higher incidence for women with higher parity. Parity is also associated with greater LV mass. Thus childbearing may have long lasting effects on the cardiovascular system, but the mechanism is unknown.
Lung cancer is the second most prevalent cancer occurring in both men and women in the United States, accounting for 162,000 deaths in 2008 , more than any other cancer. High risk populations include smokers and former smokers, as well as individuals exposed to second hand smoke, asbestos, and radon. Presently, there is no easily applied screening protocol for lung cancer similar to those used for breast, prostate, and colon cancers.
While sensory input is complex and dynamic, it also contains regularities that have shaped sensory systems over phylogenetic time . But regularities are also pervasive over more local timescales, in the sense that certain stimuli repeatedly precede, follow, or co occur with other stimuli. Statistical learning refers to an unconscious process by which regularities are automatically segmented from continuous environments, where the only cues for segmentation are statistics of co occurrence between specific stimuli.
Fear extinction is a form of learning in which the expression of a conditioned fear response is reduced after repeated experience of a conditioned stimulus in the absence of a unconditioned aversive stimulus . There is growing evidence that fear conditioning and fear extinction are independent forms of learning that are mediated by partially dissociable neural mechanisms . Fear extinction is readily quantifiable in laboratory rodents, providing important behavioral models for translational studies of anxiety disorders .
Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation  is a high risk medical procedure that is utilized worldwide as therapy for many malignant and non malignant hematologic diseases., Nonetheless, efficacy is still limited by short and long term treatment related complications. The translation of basic science advances into human applications provides the opportunity to test hypothesis driven questions, investigate new therapies, and evaluate outcomes in efforts to improve overall health care. For example, only 3% of U.S. adults with cancer participate in clinical trials., The consequences of poor recruitment or slower than anticipated enrollment into clinical research studies include premature closure, underpowered results, lack of generalizability, and wasted resources.
ATP binding cassette  transporters constitute a large family of integral membrane proteins that utilize the energy of ATP hydrolysis to translocate ions, lipids, nutrients and drugs across lipid bilayers. ABC exporters are medically important since their members contribute to antibiotic or antifungal resistance of human pathogens, the development of multiple drug resistance , and several human genetic disorders due to protein dysfunctions. A prominent example is P glycoprotein  that affects the pharmacokinetics of numerous drugs and is implicated in MDR of many human cancers, HIV, and epileptic diseases  .
In metazoans, germline tissue is required for the transmission of genetic information from one generation to the next. Zebrafish PGCs are similarly specified by maternal germ plasm determinants, in this case localized to the cleavage planes at the two  and four cell stages . The PGCs then begin to proliferate, and between 4 and 5 hpf they transition from round, immotile cells into a polarized migratory population , localizing to the anterior and lateral boundaries of the mesoderm during gastrulation .
Atherosclerosis, the disease process responsible for the leading cause of death in the industrialized world, is driven by a chronic, maladaptive inflammatory response . This response is triggered by the persistent and amplified subendothelial retention of apolipoprotein Bcontaining lipoproteins in focal areas of the arterial tree . However, more proof in vivo is needed to support this concept.
Stress to a cell can trigger the activation of a specialized group of mitogen activated protein kinase  cascades that induce cell death . ASK1 is activated by a variety of stress related stimulus, including hydrogen peroxide , reactive oxygen species , serum withdrawal, genotoxic agents, as well as ligation of Fas ligand and tumor necrosis factor  . This specific dephosphorylation results in the dissociation of the ASK1:14 3 3 complex with a concomitant increase of Ask1 catalytic activity .
Epilepsy is a common neurological disorder . The mesial temporal lobe includes the dentate gyrus, which is suspected to play a role in epileptogenesis, in part, because it displays neuropathological changes . In laboratory animal models of temporal lobe epilepsy, granule cells receive less inhibitory synaptic input , which has been attributed to loss of some interneurons , but additional factors may contribute .
The Ubiquitin Proteasome System  and the HDAC6 dependent lysosomal pathway are two major pathways for protein turn over within eukaryotic cells . The proteasome inhibitor Bortezomib  has recently been licensed for the treatment of refractory multiple myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma and it is currently being examined as a treatment for several cancer types including ovarian carcinoma . PS 341 exhibits selective anti tumor activity against ovarian cancer cells in vitro, but in a xenograft model only slowed ovarian tumor growth .
Ultraviolet radiation  spectrum of solar light represents the major skin stressor. Exposure to UVR causes DNA damage in form of primarily cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers  and to lower degree of pyrimidine photoproducts PPs . Melatonin  and its metabolites have multiple functions.
Eukaryotic secretory and membrane proteins are translated on the endoplasmic reticulum  membrane, facilitating translocation across the lipid bilayer and integration of membrane domains. Vesicle biogenesis is initiated by the small G protein, Sar1p, which becomes membrane associated when bound to GTP. A central function of the COPII coat is to capture cargo proteins into nascent vesicles for delivery to the Golgi apparatus.
In the United States, 50,000 patients are affected by multiple myeloma , 16,000 patients are newly diagnosed with MM, and 11,000 MM patients die of the disease each year . MM can occur de novo or it can evolve from benign monoclonal gammapathy of undetermined significance  that involves in low levels of bone marrow plasmacytosis and M protein. Approximately 1% of patients with MGUS develop MM each year.
We previously reported models that characterized the synergistic interaction between remifentanil and sevoflurane in blunting responses to verbal and painful stimuli. This preliminary study evaluated the ability of these models to predict a return of responsiveness  during emergence from anesthesia and a response to tibial pressure when patients required analgesics in the recovery room. We hypothesized that model predictions would be consistent with observed responses.
The T cell receptor :CD3 complex mediates numerous downstream signaling events at multiple developmental stages to ensure optimal T cell development, peripheral function, and a finely tuned and effective adaptive immune system . Indeed, the CD3ε proline rich sequence , which recruits the adapter molecule Nck, facilitates early thymocyte development and enhances signals to low avidity TCR:pMHC interactions . TCR binding to pMHC results in release of the CD3ε cytoplasmic domain from the plasma membrane .
Bladder diverticula are defined as outpouchings of the urothelial lining through the muscularis layer of the bladder wall. They may result from congenital weakness of the bladder wall at the level of the ureterovesical junction  or may be acquired as a result of increased intravesical pressure, typically in the context of lower urinary tract obstruction . Bladder diverticula may sometimes harbor tumors, classically thought to be secondary to urinary stasis with chronic infection and inflammation leading to metaplasia and subsequent tumor formation.
The intestinal epithelium plays a central role in orchestrating organ function through nutrient absorption and by providing a barrier between the environment and underlying tissues. One family of factors implicated in enterocyte development is the GATA family of zinc finger DNA binding transcription factors, specifically GATA4 and GATA6. Both GATA4 and GATA6 are expressed in midgut endoderm during development and continue to be expressed in the small intestinal epithelium throughout adulthood although in differing patterns .
Oscillatory activity is a ubiquitous feature of neuronal dynamics. It has been suggested that the synchronous discharge of neuronal assemblies might provide a mechanism to couple distributed processing over different neuronal populations . Many studies investigating oscillatory activity have focussed on linear coupling between nodes of a network at the same frequency .
Body’s stress controlling mechanism that are disrupted and implicated in tumor progression causally connected to enhanced body’s immune defense system. Specifically, increased cancer incidence, malignancy and growth rate has been shown to be prevalent in patients with chronic stress, whereas managing stress of these patients promoted immune function that fights against their cancer . The increasing understanding of the mechanism and control of the neuroimmune system in the regulation of cancer chemoprevention offers promise for the design of therapeutic strategies.
Sarcoidosis is a granulomatous inflammatory disorder that can affect multiple organs . Pharmacological treatment, which mainly consists of corticosteroids and immunosuppressive agents, can decrease symptoms. This discovery was followed by intense interest in the potential use of exhaled NO as a noninvasive marker of inflammation and oxidative stress in the lungs .
A major driver of spatial attention is one’s prior knowledge about where important events may appear. Such knowledge guided attention is a critical component of all influential models of attention and is captured by a single term  top down attention . Likewise, recent work on spatial attention has revealed differences between explicit, goal driven attention and experience driven attention .
In addition to functioning as a barrier and absorptive organ, intestinal epithelial cells  are involved in defense and inflammatory diseases by releasing multiple cytokines and inflammatory mediators . These adaptor molecules act independently or in combination based on the TLRs and activate MAPK  and NF κB resulting in the transcription of inflammatory and immunomodulatory genes include chemokines, cytokines and co stimulatory molecules . Following per oral infection, bradyzoites in tissue cysts convert to tachyzoites and actively invade IECs and disseminate to different tissues until host immune responses finally stops parasite multiplication resulting in parasite tissue cysts in lungs, liver, kidney, pancreas, brain and skeletal muscles .
Dysregulation of the hedgehog signalling pathway has been linked to the development and progression of a variety of different human tumors including cancers of the skin, brain, colon, prostate, blood, and pancreas. We assessed the clinicopathological factors that are potentially related to expression of Gli1, the transcription factor that is thought to be the most reliable marker of hedgehog pathway activation in bladder cancer . Bladder cancer cases were identified from the New Hampshire State Cancer Registry as histologically confirmed primary bladder cancer diagnosed between January 1, 2002, and July 31, 2004.
Two characteristics, inhibition by intracellular ATP and activation by MgADP, define ATP sensitive potassium  channels and underlie their ability to respond to metabolic changes inside a cell . Different KATP channels have different metabolic sensitivities . This property allows the pancreatic KATP channels to regulate insulin .
Alveolar soft part sarcoma  is a malignant neoplasm of unknown histogenesis that typically arises in the soft tissues of children and young adults . In that original study, the patients studied were predominantly female and were young , both of which remain characteristic features in ASPS . Characteristic for ASPS, most tumors in that original study arose within  the skeletal muscle of the extremity, or less commonly in the buttock, tongue, or abdominal wall .
Autistic and psychotic disorders have historically been considered as related diagnostic entities. ASD and SZ share common neurobiological processes  and genetic risk factors . There is some evidence that affective symptoms in children with ASD may mediate the emergence of psychotic symptoms.
Bone morphogenetic protein 4  is a member of the transforming growth factor beta  superfamily of secreted signaling ligands. Given the high amino acid identity between the mature peptides of human Bmp4 and Bmp2  and Bmp4 and Dpp  , it has been proposed that these proteins could function interchangeably. In fact, Dpp protein can induce subcutaneous bone formation in rats similarly to Bmp4 and Bmp2 .
Disruption in circadian rhythms and perceived changes in sleep continuity and architecture are common features of psychiatric disorders. Disruptions of circadian rhythms are also seen in psychiatric disorder patients. Similar results have been found for plasma melatonin  and plasma cortisol in BPD.
Elucidating how risk factors interact over time may facilitate targeting and tailoring interventions to improve outcomes. For instance, while depressive symptoms have been associated with poor cardiovascular outcomes , Ferketich et al. noted they may be associated with higher risk for men than women . Among women, an interaction between race and increasing body mass index may lead to higher mortality for whites than blacks .
The effects of acetylcholinesterase  inhibitors on the symptoms of dementia of the Alzheimer type  can be highly variable. Although AChE inhibitors demonstrate modest overall benefits compared with placebo for stabilizing or slowing decline in mild to moderate Alzheimer’s disease, summary estimates show small effect sizes. It is not currently possible to identify those who will respond to treatment prior to treatment.
Urea Cycle Disorders  comprise several inherited deficiencies of enzymes or transporters necessary for the synthesis of urea from ammonia . UCD incidence is estimated to be ~1:8200 live births. .
Photoacoustic imaging  has been used extensively in pre clinical models of human disease including prostate, breast, and ovarian cancer. This modality produces contrast by converting nanosecond light pulses into an acoustic signal and offers significant improvements in spatial resolution relative to other optics based approach. Small molecule agents include methylene blue or indocyanine green with very intensephotoacoustic signal.
Anatomical alignment of the lower extremity has been proposed as a risk factor for lower extremity injuries, in particular, knee injuries. Among these lower extremity alignment variables, the quadriceps angle  has been frequently studied, which is defined as the angle formed by a line from the anterior superior iliac spine to the patella center and a line from the patella center to the tibial tuberosity. As Q angle represents the direction of the quadriceps muscle force vector in the frontal plane, excessive angulation is thought to predispose individuals to injuries caused by abnormal quadriceps forces acting at the knee and patellofemoral joints.
Epithelial cells are central participants in mucosal immunity against microbial infection in the gastrointestinal tract. This host immune response is finely controlled and reflects a delicate balance between effector functions and their potential to cause unwanted damage to healthy tissues . Disturbance of this balance will lead to devastating immunopathology, resulting in either an over reacted immunoreaction or insufficient immunity to clear pathogenic agents  .
Huntington's disease  is a dominantly inherited neurodegenerative disorder caused by the expansion of a CAG repeat within the HD gene encoding huntingtin . The repeat also exhibits somatic instability, undergoing expansion particularly in the striatum . Significantly, age of onset and disease severity are highly dependent on CAG length .
Three randomized trials indicate that circumcised men have lower risk of acquisition of human immunodeficiency virus  than uncircumcised men,  and prevention interventions focusing on male circumcision  are being introduced worldwide. Whether MC is associated with women's risk of acquisition of HIV or other sexually transmitted infections , however, has not been well studied. is a necessary cause  which is significantly lower in women with circumcised male partners. )
There is consistent epidemiologic evidence that self reported long sleep  is associated with increased mortality and numerous morbidities, including hypertension, stroke, coronary heart disease, and diabetes. These hazards have increased in a dose response pattern with increases in sleep duration beyond 7 h, and have persisted following control for multiple factors, including sleep apnea, depression, health status, and medication use. Of course, causality cannot be established with epidemiologic studies, and the risks associated with long sleep might be explained by other factors., An important limitation of the extant literature is that there has been remarkably little systematic investigation of those who report long sleep durations.
Alzheimer’s disease  is a genetically complex disorder characterized by neurodegeneration and progressive cognitive dysfunction. Risk for AD is likely influenced by a variety of genes affecting multiple biological pathways. In an effort to identify these susceptibility genes, well over 1,000 genetic association studies have been published implicating or refuting nearly 600 different loci as potential AD loci.
Transcription factor binding to genetic regulatory elements initiates gene expression. This process is regulated through signaling cascades that modify proteins to permit their binding. Methylating regulatory elements, such as CpG islands in the promoters of tumor suppressor genes, silences the gene despite the presence of the requisite factors.
A growing body of evidence supports the contention that epithelial cancers including the colorectal cancer are diseases driven by a small set of self renewing cells, termed cancer stem cells  or cancer initiating cells, that are distinct from the bulk of the cells in the tumor . CSCs are widely believed to arise from the normal stem cells or progenitor cells upon mutation . CSC possess not only the ability to self renew but also differentiate and can give rise to heterogeneous tumors .
Long interspersed elements type 1  are the most abundant transposable elements in both human and mouse genomes. For example, the mouse genome contains 3600,000 copies of L1, with 33,000 full length, potentially active copies . Full length L1s are 67 kb, encompassing an internal promoter in the 5′ untranslated region , two nonoverlapping open reading frames , and a weak polyadenylation signal in the 3′ UTR .
Intraoperative resident participation is integral to any surgical training program. With recent technological advancements and an emphasis on minimally invasive procedures, numerous surgical fields now train their residents in robotic procedures . In Urology, many programs utilize robotic prostatectomy  to familiarize residents with appropriate robotic technique  .
Most currently available vaccines work by eliciting antibody responses and are relatively inefficient at inducing cellular immunity. In mice, naked plasmid DNA immunization is very effective at promoting cytotoxic T lymphocyte  responses yet DNA vaccines have yielded less impressive results in human trials,. This may be due in part to the fact that in humans DNA vaccines are administered in a small volume.
Conjugated equine estrogen  was introduced into clinical practice in 1941 for the treatment of menopausal symptoms and related conditions. Despite its widespread use, there were concerns with unopposed estrogen therapy. Reports  of an increased risk of endometrial cancer in women taking CEE resulted in package label warnings about the risks of cancer and thrombosis.
The development of vaccines against a wide variety of infectious diseases is one of the greatest accomplishments of the scientific community. However, the World Health Organization  and the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunizations  report that almost 27 million children worldwide do not receive vaccines. Therefore, alternative RV vaccine strategies are needed that are affordable, effective, safe and simple to administer, .
Multiple myeloma  is a malignancy of the plasma cells and remains incurable despite recent advances in therapy. Non Hodgkin's lymphoma  is the most common cancer of the lymphatic system and represents a heterogenous group of diseases. Depending on the type of NHL, the response to treatment could vary greatly from being curable to being resistant to available therapies.
In normal, non pathological aging, even in the absence of ocular pathology, humans and monkeys exhibit deficits in visual function . Since these changes cannot be explained by ocular deficits, they have been hypothesized to be due to functional and/or degenerative changes in central visual areas such as the visual cortices . It has been shown that relative to young monkeys, V1 neurons of old monkeys lose orientation and direction selectivity while exhibiting an increased excitability .
In many mammalian species, unmated females show repeated estrous cycles during which females are sexually receptive on only one or a few days of the cycle. During estrus, female hamsters are amicable toward males and readily assume the receptive lordosis posture, whereas on the other three days of the estrous cycle females are aggressive toward males. It could be argued, however, that one problem with non contact methods is that they disrupt the usual response of males to female vaginal secretion, which is to contact the secretion and lick it .
Consequences resulting from excessive alcohol consumption are responsible for considerable disease burden . Consequently, interventions aimed at reducing excessive alcohol consumption are viewed as beneficial from a public health point of view. Assessing readiness to change is recommended as part of brief interventions to tailor advice and counseling, and physicians have been encouraged to see changes in readiness as short term goals on the path to behavior change  .
Parenteral nutrition  is a major contributing factor to the long term survival of children with intestinal failure . IF results in prolonged PN dependence secondary to intestinal malabsorption. Pediatric IFALD is hallmarked by cholestasis exhibited biochemically by direct hyperbilirubinemia, elevated serum liver transaminases, and histological findings on liver biopsy including cholestasis, steatosis, lipidosis, and eventually fibrosis and cirrhosis.
The compromised ability of older persons to carry out a wide range of activities of daily living has been associated with a number of adverse outcomes including institutionalization  and death . Despite these adverse consequences, there remains little known about factors that predict change in functional ability in aging . Functional ability requires the integration of diverse cognitive, sensory, and motor information.
The Wolbachia infected mosquito cell line, Aa23, established from infected Aedes albopictus  embryos , provides an important tool for understanding metabolic interactions between an obligate intracellular bacterium and its mosquito host cell. Growth of Aa23 cells proceeds by formation of cell clusters that detach from the substrate as floating aggregates of tightly adherent cells, which attain sizes easily visible to the naked eye. Tetracycline has been used for a number of years to eliminate Wolbachia infections from diverse insects , as well as from Aa23 cells  .
The niche concept is fundamental to our understanding of range dynamics. The niche is usually defined as the combination of environmental conditions that allow a species to persist . If population growth shows such negative density dependence, the realized niche is the set of environmental conditions, x, where the intrinsic population growth rate ) is positive in the presence of competitors .
Any sound will activate neurons throughout auditory cortex, but we know little about how the activity of neural populations is “read out”. In addition to spike rate, response latencies can encode sensory events , but it is unclear what would serve as a temporal “reference”, given that the brain has no independent measure of stimulus onset. Relative latency codes are particularly attractive because they could potentially facilitate rapid behavioral judgments  .
Human breast cancer, from which the T 47D cell line was derived, is known to overexpress the gastrin releasing peptide receptor  in some cases. Bombesin , an agonist for the GRPR, has been appended with a radionuclide capable of positron emission tomography  imaging and therapy. 64Cu NO2A 8 Aoc BBNNH2  has produced high quality microPET images of GRPR positive breast cancer xenografted tumors in mice .
Major histocompatibility Complex  encodes for the HLA class II genes, the most polymorphic genes in the human genome. We are exposed to many microbes, some beneficial and other pathogenic. Tuberculosis  is a leading health problem in the world, specially developing countries.
Insulin resistance is a key factor in the development of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus  and is characterized by normal or elevated insulin levels with reduced biological response . In this regard, lifestyle modifications, i.e. weight loss and increased exercise, can improve insulin sensitivity on a clinical level; however, such changes are often difficult to maintain permanently. In contrast, nutritional supplementation with botanical extracts is postulated as an alternative to pharmaceutical intervention.
Bone marrow derived myeloid cells, particularly neutrophils  and macrophages, are key regulators of tumor progression and metastasis. One of the major tumor promoting functions of these cells is their facilitation of angiogenesis ). PMNs and macrophages contribute to angiogenesis via a variety of well established mechanisms.
Checklists have been reported to substantially decrease rates of adverse outcomes in surgical patients in controlled settings. Numerous studies  and systematic reviews have since corroborated these findings. Given the potential benefits of use, and the perceived ease of implementation, surgical safety checklists have since been adopted in more than 1500 hospitals around the world, and have been nationally implemented in multiple countries.
The regulation of sleep is of vast clinical importance. Insomnia and circadian disorders are costly in both economic and human health terms. Sleep is believed to be controlled by both circadian and homeostatic systems, which ensure that sleep needs are met.
Epidemiological studies have consistently shown beneficial effects of moderate consumption of ethanol in reducing ischemic heart disease, . Acute ethanol administration can also protect the heart and isolated cardiomyocytes from ischemic injury, although the acute cytoprotective effect of ethanol depends critically on the dose and timing of administration, . We also found that ethanol preconditioning results in mitochondrial translocation of PKCε, increased ALDH2 activity and reduced cardiac injury, in vivo.
Ewing's sarcoma is an aggressive bone associated tumor that affects the pediatric population. EWS/FLI is thought to function as a transcriptional activator . However, in Ewing's sarcoma cells, three times as many genes are down regulated by EWS/FLI than are up regulated .
Chromosome ends are protected by telomeres which prevent DNA damage response and degradation . Telomeres form a large duplex loop mediated by single strand invasion of a G rich overhang . When telomeres become critically short the DNA damage response is engaged at chromosome ends .
Renal cell carcinoma  is the third most common urological cancer after prostate and bladder cancer, accounting for about 3% of all human malignancies in adults . The absence of biomarkers is responsible for late diagnosis and subsequent poor prognosis. Recent studies have shown that genetic events and histopathologically heterogeneous disorder play a major role in the development of ccRCC .
A variety of natural products with a vast range of biological activities have polyketide and nonribosomal peptide fragments joined together. Of special note are cyclic five membered nitrogen containing ring structures that generate conformational constraints and offer hydrogen bonding possibilities for interaction with target proteins. Typically the ketone at C4 is enolized with the 4 hydroxy 3 ene tautomer predominating .
Structured diagnostic interviews are used in large scale surveys as a way to eliminate clinician bias, improve standardization of diagnosis, and assess prevalence of psychiatric disorders in national studies . The World Health Organization  Composite International Diagnostic Interview Version 3.0  is a standardized diagnostic interview designed to assess current and lifetime mental disorders according to the definitions and criteria of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders IV . The primary features of the CIDI are its reliance on respondents' self report and standardization of administration by reliable non clinicians after a relatively brief training period  .
Status epilepticus  is a major medical and neurological emergency that requires immediate treatment to avoid significant morbidity and mortality. Status epilepticus has been estimated to affect as many as 200,000 people in the United States annually and causes as many as 55,000 deaths per year . Despite significant improvements in the diagnosis and treatment of SE over the past 30 years, SE in adults is still associated with a significant morbidity and mortality .
The ade6 gene of fission yeast encodes a phosphoribosylaminoimidazole carboxylase required for the de novo synthesis of purines . Cells with mutations in ade6 are auxotrophic for adenine, but grow as efficiently as wild type when adenine is added to the media . Early work based on these properties identified nearly 400 different alleles of ade6 and about 46,000 additional alleles were created in the following five decades .
Spinal Muscular Atrophy  is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by loss of motor neurons and atrophy of the muscle . In humans, the SMA determining region on chromosome 5q contains two genes Survival Motor Neuron 1  and SMN2. Low levels of SMN lead to the selective death of motor neurons and subsequent muscle atrophy.
Adolescent use of alcohol and cannabis are major public health and legal concerns in all Western countries, given the evidence of association with concurrent and future harm . Laws and policies are in place in most Western countries to limit access and restrict use of substances . However, drug laws tend to be complicated, subject to interpretation, and enforced and adjudicated variably.
Suspensions of stabilized microbubbles have been approved as commercial contrast agents for ultrasound imaging. The highly non linear response of the microbubbles provides novel opportunities for diagnostic imaging . This unique phenomenon may present an attractive opportunity for development of non invasive therapeutic applications .
Structural interventions are increasingly touted as necessary for quelling the HIV/AIDS epidemic  and for preventing the spread of HIV among youth . Despite a decade of calls for their implementation and assessment, structural interventions have rarely been developed  or evaluated . Having youth participate in problem identification and solution setting when they are the intended beneficiaries of health promotion efforts may enhance the utility of proposed solutions and promote cause based passion among adult members .
Aortic aneurysms are characterized by abnormal enlargements of the aorta caused by global or localized weakness of the vessel wall. Genetically engineered mice provide further evidence that the vascular ECM is the critical determinant of aneurysm development, including an allelic series of Fbn1 mutant mice, and mice homozygous for null alleles of the genes encoding lysyl oxidase, a crosslinking enzyme for elastin and collagen, and ECM proteins such as fibulin 4  and biglycan   . Thus, the pathogenesis of aortic aneurysm formation may involve abnormalities in homeostasis of vascular ECM proteins or abnormal SMC development, or both .
Creating surfaces with defined topography is a simple way to manipulate the environment that a cell experiences on the micrometer and nanometer scale. More recent work in this area has largely exploited the development of new, more enabling protocols for fabricating substrates that provide attachment points or guidance cues for cellular attachment and growth. Many of the previously reported studies of cell guidance have used PDMS substrates containing microchannels/grooves, many of which were created by replica molding .
Epidemiological and toxicological evidence suggests lower risk of smokeless tobacco  products compared to cigarettes. Less is known, however, about consumer perceptions and use of novel forms of ST, including snus and dissolvable tobacco . In this study, we conducted in person experimental auctions in Buffalo, NY, Columbia, SC, and Selinsgrove, PA with 571 smokers to test the impact of information and product trials on smokers’ preferences.
Researchers studying empathy typically have focused on empathic responses to others’ negative emotions rather than positive emotions. Positive affect has been related to benefits in a variety of domains of functioning , but the relations of vicariously induced positive affect  to other socio emotional competencies, such as social adjustment, seldom have been examined. The main purpose of this study was to examine the reliability of a new measure of children’s dispositional positive empathy and to examine the concurrent and longitudinal relations of positive empathy to positive emotion, empathy/sympathy, and social competence .
Dental enamel is the hardest tissue in the human body. It consists of a highly organized layer of calcium hydroxyapatite crystals that covers dentin to form the crown of a tooth. Dental enamel contains less than 1% organic material, whereas other mineralized tissues contain about 20% organics .
Data are still conflicting regarding the use of menopausal hormone therapy  in postmenopausal women relative to the risk benefit ratio for coronary heart disease . While some previous studies have demonstrated improvement in CHD risk in women on HT, large randomized studies of HT among postmenopausal women, given as unopposed estrogen or combined estrogen progestin therapy, have shown no significant effector an increased cardiovascular risk for women . The inconsistency of results of the CHD risk benefit ratio found in randomized trials and those in some observational studies may be at least partially explained by the older age of participants, and delayed start of HT in the Women’s Health Initiative , which did not correspond to the traditional use of HT, most frequently used clinically perimenopausally .
Osteoarthritis  is a disease characterized by structural changes in the diarthrodial joints including focal degradation of articular cartilage with related changes in subchondral bone. These structural changes are associated with an illness characterized by joint pain that leads to activity limitation, physical disability and decreased health related quality of life. Knee OA is a highly prevalent condition representing a huge economic burden on health care systems .
Alzheimer's disease , the prevalent neurodegenerative disorder of old aged humans, has a complex symptomatology that includes deterioration of cognitive function and progressive memory loss. What triggers this neuronal pathology is still not known . An interesting idea is that neuronal degeneration in AD may be caused by abnormal axonal transport .
Cancer is the second leading cause of human death in the U.S. The clinical management of cancer invariably involves diverse conventional modalities, including surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy. Novel therapeutic agents and ethanopharmacological screenings provide scientists with an alternative avenue to discover active components and compounds to treat cancer with traditional medicines like botanicals.
Human papillomaviruses  infect epithelial cells causing benign lesion or warts, which in some rare cases can progress to malignancy. However, at least for HPV16, these RNAs are unprocessed  and probably targeted for nuclear degradation. Factors expressed in the differentiated epithelial host cells must induce appropriate expression of the capsid proteins at a post transcriptional level .
Engineering of conditional gene expression systems in mammals and mammalian cells dates more than three decades back, . They usually stipulate that gene expression be controlled via endogenous inputs, such as tissue specific promoters or miRNAs. These inputs can control a transgene directly or via a synthetic transactivator.
Polycystic kidney disease  is one of the most common disorders in humans caused by mutations in a single gene. There are two types of PKD: Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease  and the less common Autosomal Recessive Polycystic Kidney . TMEM67 encodes a 995 amino acid transmembrane receptor protein, which is composed of a signal peptide, at least 2 cysteine rich repeats, and a 490 residue extracellular region with 4 N linked glycosylated sites, followed by 7 transmembrane domains and a 30 residue cytoplasmic tail .
Although G protein coupled receptor kinases  are classically considered as the regulators of GPCR signaling through desensitization , it is evident that their role is more articulated within the cell. These novel features of GRK2 allow the kinase to participate in basic cellular processes such as migration and cell cycle progression or cardiovascular cell functionality . Nevertheless, we can only partially appreciate the full role of the kinase which might change in different cell types.
As the field of bioengineering continues to grow, chemical engineers, equipped with the ability to understand, quantify, design, optimize, and control chemical as well as biochemical processes, are well positioned to make strong contributions. Of particular interest is systems engineering. One of the most important areas where homeostasis is desirable is in the development of therapies for diabetes mellitus, in which the body is unable to maintain normal glucose levels.
Exposure to pets has received much attention as a potential risk or protective factor in allergic disease research. Various measures of exposure  and outcomes  have been investigated across studies and results have been mixed. Additionally, few studies have been able to examine whether the effects seen in early life persist beyond childhood .
There are currently forty known protein deposition diseases or “amyloidoses.” More recent evidence suggests however that the primary sequence of a protein also plays a role in determining its ability to adopt the cross β structure necessary for fibril formation and that the side chains influence the unique molecular arrangement of amyloid peptides in a fibril . These short peptide sequences, or “core sequences” as they are called, are believed to play a role in determining whether or not the parent peptide will form fibrils; in fact, the identity and position of specific side chains in these short peptides dictates whether or not the peptide can adopt the cross β structure and the type of aggregation pathway and kinetics that are followed . They found six different sequences, including SSTSSA, which have parallel β strands, sheets packed face to face and stacked in an antiparallel conformation .
Interstitial cells of Cajal  are specialized, mesenchyme derived cells that form networks of cells in the muscularis propria of the gastrointestinal tract. ICC appear to have at least four separate physiological functions. ICC pace the intestine , amplify neuronal signals , act as mechanosensors  and set the smooth muscle membrane potential gradient .
Oomycetes of the genus Phytophthora are all destructive plant pathogens, causing rots of roots, stems, leaves, and fruits of a large range of agriculturally important plants . During infection of plants with Phytophthora species, or treatment of cells with Phytophthora derived elicitors, total activity of class A lipases is strongly induced . This strong induction has been associated with the degradation of membrane lipids and the formation of lipid derived signals.
The myelin sheath is essential for the rapid conduction velocity of the nerve fiber via saltatory conduction  and can aid in maintaining axonal integrity . Animal models with mutations in myelin genes have been essential for elucidating the role of several proteins that are critical for myelin development and maintenance . MBP is an important structural component of the myelin sheath that is necessary for the formation of the major dense line in compact myelin.
Despite small annual decreases in the overall cancer rate in humans, the incidence of melanoma is increasing by more than 2% each year. This drives the need for novel melanoma treatments that are targeted, safe, and effective. Yet, MYXV productively infects cultured cancer cells from several species.
The diagnosis of malignant glioma  can be likened to a death sentence, with a median survival in the United States of less than 2 years . These therapies have shown to prolong survival, but the fact remains that most patients will die of their disease. Clearly, novel therapeutic agents and strategies are needed .
The most frequent target of chromosomal translocations in acute myeloid leukemia  is the Runt related transcription factor RUNX1/AML1, a key regulator of hematopoiesis . The protein contains an N terminal DNA binding domain  and a C terminal regulatory domain that contains a nuclear matrix targeting signal  and several context dependent transcriptional activation or repression domains  . Thus, there are several plausible mechanisms by which the pathological formation of the AML1 ETO protein may block differentiation of myeloid progenitors and promote leukemia .
Disturbances of the autonomic afferent nerve fibers of the bladder are suspected in several common pathologies of the bladder, such as overactive bladder, diabetic bladder dysfunction, and neurogenic bladder. Those afferent fibers consist of small myelinated Aδ fibers and unmyelinated C fibers. C fibers are normally not mechano sensitive to bladder distention.
In the primate visual system, cortical sensitivity to features such as luminance contrast varies with the locus of spatial attention . Different models have been proposed to describe these modulations: one model suggests that attention causes a non proportional scaling across contrasts, producing a leftward shift of the CRF or effective contrast gain . Another model proposes a proportional scaling of neuronal responses with attention, which produces either a response or activity gain effect .
Alcohol use disorders are characterized by the consumption of excessive quantities of alcohol and are associated with volume reductions in cortical and subcortical brain structures  and deficits in specific cognitive and motor functions . Conversely, alcoholics who abstain can enjoy significant recovery of brain volume  and improvements in neuropsychological functions . Although signs of physical dependence are not essential for a DSM IV R diagnosis of alcohol dependence in humans, such signs provide objective evidence for alcohol dependence in animal models .
Diabetic peripheral neuropathy affects a majority of patients with diabetes. The “vascular” concept implies that endothelial dysfunction with resulting decrease in nerve blood flow and endoneurial hypoxia plays a key role in diabetic neuropathy . The “neurochemical” concept suggests the importance of changes in the neural elements of the peripheral nervous system i.e. 1) metabolic abnormalities such as sorbitol accumulation , myo inositol depletion , downregulation of Na+/K+ ATPase activity , 2) impaired neurotrophic support , 3) signal transduction changes , and 4) dorsal root ganglion and Schwann cell dysfunction and premature apoptosis .
The degree to which residues in a protein have specific correlated motion is a question recently investigated by mutual information  and dynamical cross correlation map   methodology. For example, long range intra protein communication of mutual information between side chains of barstar  and calmodulin has recently been reported employing Monte Carlo simulation with fixed backbone and implicit solvent. Strikingly, the averaged mutual information per pair was reported to be significant at long range for both proteins.
Over 100 million people worldwide suffer from low vision; visual impairments that cannot be corrected by spectacles. Thus deficits in visual abilities, due to disease, injury, stroke or aging, can have significant negative impacts on all aspects of an individual’s life. Research in the field of perceptual learning provides promise to address components of low vision.
The postnatal brain contains neural progenitor cell  populations within the subventricular zone  of the lateral ventricles and in the subgranular zone of the hippocampal dentate gyrus. For example, potential NPC based therapies include targeted recruitment of endogenous populations , or replacing dead or damaged cells through auto  or allograft transplantation procedures . Manipulation of O2 levels may provide a relatively simple means to achieve these goals.
The definition of atherosclerosis as a chronic inflammatory disease  led to a critical shift in atherosclerosis research and identifying stimuli inducing vascular inflammation took center stage. Activated macrophages and T lymphocytes abound in atheromatous lesions at all stages of the disease . Hemodynamic stress, oxidation and other modifications of LDL, bacterial toxins, stress proteins, and infectious agents have been investigated as possible triggers of arterial wall inflammation, either through innate immunity pathways, activation of adaptive immunity, or combinations of the two .
BACE1 was identified as the Alzheimer's βsecretase, which cleaves amyloid precursor protein  at the Nterminal end of the βamyloid peptide  . When AD animal models such as transgenic mice expressing familial mutant APP were bred with BACE1null mice to produce APP transgenic mice with complete deficiency of BACE1, the production of Aβ was abolished and amyloid deposition was no longer detectable . Hence, inhibition of the enzymatic activity of BACE1 is regarded as one of the most promising targets for treating AD patients .
Fibroblast growth factors  are important regulators of nervous system development and physiology. Activation of FGF receptors requires heparan sulfate proteoglycan co receptors  to regulate signaling potency . Oligodendrocytes  form myelin in the CNS through an elaboration of their plasma membranes, which wrap around axons to form multi lamellar sheaths, resulting in a dramatic increase in nerve conduction rate and efficiency.
Cytochrome c  has been suggested to function as a messenger in coordinating endoplasmatic reticulum  and mitochondrial interactions and in accelerating apoptotic cell death . Coimmunoprecipitation of Cyt c and IP3R type 1  and/or ryanodine receptor type 2  was detected in gerbil hippocampus following transient brain ischemia , suggesting that a coordinated release of ER Ca2+ and Cyt c may play a role in ischemic cell damage . This includes ATP mediated Ca2+ release, which leads to a spatial expansion of astrocyte activation and plays an important role in coordination and synchronization of astrocyte responses to synaptic transmission .
A debate has emerged over whether or not participant preferences should play a role in the return of individual research results . Approaches to returning results have been proposed based on a “duty to rescue” the participant who is unaware of research findings significant to his/her health, or an ethical duty based on donors’ altruism, without regard to participant preferences. On the clinical side, the debate has focused on return of incidental findings in the course of clinical whole genome/exome sequencing.
Non invasive risk stratification to identify and manage high risk populations is a clinical priority. Fatal tachyarrhythmias  and heart failure complications are very common in patients with ischemic cardiomyopathy, which can lead to sudden cardiac death  or cardiac non sudden death , respectively. Elaborate guidelines advocate not only the use of a differential approach according to multiple diagnostic parameters, but also the consideration of the clinical status of the patient in order to risk stratify different cardiac populations.
A key open question in the field of substance abuse is how drugs act on the brain to modulate long lasting effects that produce drug seeking behavior and increase the risk of relapse. One potential mechanism that may produce these long lasting effects is stable changes in cellular function leading to stable changes in neuronal plasticity. One mechanism by which gene expression may be regulated for long lasting cellular functions is via chromatin modification and remodeling.
Herpesviruses have large  linear double stranded DNA genomes that replicate via concatemeric intermediates consisting of head to tail linked genomes . The concatemers are packaged into preformed capsids and cleaved at precise locations to release unit length genomes within the capsids . These sequence specific cleavage events are governed by nearby cis acting DNA sequences; however, even when the necessary cis sequences are present DNA cleavage will not occur unless a sufficient amount of DNA has entered the capsid .
The hippocampus, important for functions such as mood and memory, is one of the few brain regions where addition of new neurons occurs throughout life. While multiple earlier studies have suggested a role for hippocampal neurogenesis in several cognitive functions,  there has been no consensus regarding this issue because of contrasting findings in other studies. However, recent studies including investigations that utilized selective neurogenesis ablation techniques strengthen the purported role of hippocampal neurogenesis in functions such as mood,  learning and memory.
Premenstrual dysphoric disorder  is categorized as a mood disorder  with onset of functionally impairing or distressing mood and physical symptoms in the luteal phase of the menstrual cycle, a decline in symptom severity after onset of menstruation, and an absence of symptoms in the postmenstrual week . Hallmark mood symptoms include mood lability, irritability, anxiety, tension, and depression . The disorder affects roughly five per cent of women of reproductive age , and has a moderate heritability .
Amnestic mild cognitive impairment  is a risk state for Alzheimer's disease  that is characterized by a deficit in memory with preserved daily functioning . To date, a few studies have shown reduced memory strategy use in aMCI relative to controls ; however, there is a dearth of research investigating whether individuals with aMCI display a similar pattern of deficiencies in strategy use as AD patients  . Therefore, this method assumes that the organizational process occurs after the words are retrieved from memory, which may not accurately reflect this strategic process.
Hypothalamic glutamate neurotransmission is crucial to energy balance , in part, through the regulation of feeding behavior . This is in contrast to classical views of hypothalamic signaling that have focused on the importance of neuropeptides for homeostatic regulation. For example, the neuropeptides orexin and neuropeptide Y  both potently increase feeding behavior through glutamate receptor dependent signaling pathways in the lateral hypothalamus  and that orexin causes enhancement of presynaptic glutamate release and postsynaptic NMDA receptor activity in the ventral tegmental area  .
Despite the well described risks of alcohol use during pregnancy, alcohol abuse and binge drinking by pregnant women continues to be a significant public health problem, with an estimated 35% of pregnant women consuming alcohol each month and 1 in 9 women binge drinking during the first trimester of pregnancy. Prenatal ethanol exposure is known to cause a variety of physical and mental abnormalities in the exposed fetus including growth retardation, muscular and skeletal abnormalities, and intellectual and behavioral impairments. Although limited, clinical research has demonstrated that in utero alcohol exposure results in an increased incidence of both minor and life threatening bacterial infections as well as decreased white cell counts in the cord blood.
Insulin is best known for its action on peripheral insulin target tissues such as muscle, liver and adipocytes where it acts to regulate glucose homeostasis . In the central nervous system insulin signaling plays a much more diverse role, including modulation of food intake, weight control, regulation of synaptic plasticity, and involvement in neuronal survival, life span, neurological disorders and learning and memory . In both human and animal experiments insulin has been reported to enhance memory formation , whereas pharmacological disruption of the blood insulin supply by acute administration of streptozotocin  results in learning and memory deficits .
Many important studies in psychology deal with the relationships among some forms of psychopathology connected with real life outcomes. Questions about the likely sequence of effects are often a fundamental aspect of developmental research . In cross cultural research questions raised about cultural differences in beliefs about normal and clinical psychological behaviors have led some researchers to conclude that both measurement and treatment should be culture specific .
Quantitative histomorphometry of transiliac bone biopsy samples is a powerful clinical research tool that has greatly enhanced our understanding of normal bone microstructure, remodeling and strength, as well as the skeletal effects of various diseases and therapies for osteoporosis . Both 2 dimensional  histomorphometry of biopsy sections, and more recently, 3 dimensional  micro computed tomography  of the entire biopsy specimen have been used to characterize trabecular bone microarchitecture in patients with hyperparathyroidism , hypoparathyroidism  and osteoporosis , and to document significant improvements in iliac trabecular bone microarchitecture after teriparatide therapy . In addition, finite element analysis , a mathematical modeling technique, can be applied to 3D μCT images of biopsy specimens to calculate Young’s modulus, an estimate of trabecular bone strength or stiffness that demonstrates excellent agreement with true biomechanical tests of bone specimens  .
During vertebrate embryogenesis, neurons of the central nervous system  are initially derived from neuroepithelial progenitors, some of which transform into radial glia . By the end of embryogenesis most mammalian radial glia differentiate as astrocytes . However in anamniotes radial glia persist widely in the CNS , and their continued presence has been implicated in the striking ability of these animals to regenerate following injury .
Presbycusis, hearing loss with increasing age, is often characterized by an initial decrease in hearing sensitivity in the high frequencies, with later progression into the lower frequencies. As our population continues to age, the number of individuals with presbycusis, and ultimately its negative effects on speech perception, cognition and language comprehension grows rapidly. Specifically, presbycusis is the foremost communication disorder, and one of the top three chronic medical conditions of our aged population  .
Chronic kidney disease  is a growing public health problem in the world. The degree of renal fibrosis correlates well with the prognosis of kidney disease. Renal interstitial fibrosis is characterized by massive fibroblast activation and excessive production and deposition of extracellular matrix , which leads to the destruction of renal parenchyma and progressive loss of kidney function.
Because many interesting details of neural coding are found on a fine spatial scale, the high spatial resolutions achievable in fMRI are attractive to many neuroscientists. The first goal of the experiments reported here was to accurately localize and analyze the blood oxygenation level dependent  response to a specific spatial location in a visual scene. This precise localization should provide a better interpretation of the underlying neural activity.
Circadian rhythm disruption has recently been classified as a probable carcinogen to humans  and has been associated with an increased risk for cancers of the prostate , breast , and colon , and for non Hodgkin lymphoma . Although the underlying mechanism explaining these observations is unknown, it has been suggested that melatonin, a hormone synthesized and secreted by the pineal gland in response to low light conditions, may mediate the circadian rhythm cancer relationship . Circulating melatonin exhibits a circadian rhythm with highest levels at night, moderate levels in the morning, and substantially lower levels during the afternoon .
The widespread use of prostate specific antigen  screening and biopsy means that men diagnosed with prostate cancer are of younger age and have more favourable risk disease . Although current treatments are effective at treating localized prostate cancer, they are associated with significant long term complications to sexual, urinary, and bowel function . One approach to improve patient quality of life is to develop minimally invasive, image guided treatments for localized prostate cancer, potentially transforming the management of localized prostate cancer into an outpatient treatment with reduced morbidity.
HIV/AIDS continues to be a major public health problem in the United States and worldwide. The current prevalence of HIV infection in the United States is estimated to be over one million. Treatment of HIV infection with combination antiretroviral therapy  has increased survival and shifted the spectrum of HIV associated morbidity and mortality from opportunistic infections toward a variety of other medical conditions., It has been reported that even in the cART era, patients with HIV/AIDS suffer retinal damage and vision loss., Modern retinal imaging has been crucial in demonstrating inner retinal damage, in particular nerve fiber layer  loss in HIV/AIDS patients without infectious retinitis.
Upper limb muscle activation can increase muscle activity in the passive lower limbs during a rhythmic motor task . In previous studies, we examined neurologically intact subjects performing recumbent stepping on an exercise device that coupled motion of the upper and lower limbs. Clinically, it has been suggested that active upper limb movement during gait training can be beneficial for rehabilitation .
Chemokine receptor 4  is a seven transmembrane spanning G protein coupled receptor. Activation of CXCR4 by CXCL12 leads to G proteincoupled signaling through extracellular signal regulated kinases , Akt effectors, and mitogen activated protein kinase  pathways, promoting cell survival, proliferation, and chemotaxis . The CXCR4 CXCL12 axis mediates resistance to conventional as well as targeted therapies by recruiting myeloid bone marrow derived cells to facilitate tumor recurrence and metastasis and by promoting angiogenesis .
Dendritic cells  are pivotal for the induction of primary immune responses, and hence interesting targets for immunotherapy against cancer. Additionally, ex vivo generated tumor antigen loaded DC are administered to patients via injection into the skin . For all these approaches, it is essential to understand which DC subsets are best used or targeted to achieve optimal antitumor responses .
Brain tissue is densely packed with complex circuits comprised of neurons and other cells, their extensive fine processes, and synapses originating from multiple cell types. These circuits are being described with increased granularity by specifying circuit nodes as molecularly defined cell types, based on gene expression differences between neurons. Consequently, techniques for visualizing neural circuit structures need to be adapted for molecularly defined circuits.
The need to restore normal blood flow to prevent tissue injury from oxygen deprivation is a common theme in acute clinical settings that involve ischemia. While restoration of blood flow in this setting is critical, reperfusion may further augment tissue damage . The biological activity of C5a is mediated by the interaction with its receptor C5aR that is widely expressed in both inflammatory and noninflammatory cells  .
Inaccuracy of glucometer measurement is an oft discussed but poorly understood phenomenon, in part because of the plethora of variables that can affect performance. Many of these exert effects only under specialized circumstances and relevance to the majority of intensive care unit  patients is unknown. Hypoglycemia is a recognized complication of insulin treatment and, as we previously showed, can be related to the effects of anemia on glucometer performance .
Phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase / Akt  signaling is an important cell survival signaling pathway that mediates the activity of many receptor and protein tyrosine kinases . Knockout of the p110α catalytic subunit of class I PI 3 kinase is embryonic lethal in mice due dysfunctional angiogenesis. However, mice with a heterozygous kinase dead p110α knockin, have viable offspring that display a diabetic phenotype with defective insulin signaling and increased blood glucose, as do mice with a knockout of the regulatory p85 subunit of PI 3 kinase.
The utility of the Nickel  Nitriloacetic Acid  based methods for affinity purification of hexahistidine  containing recombinant proteins was first appreciated over twenty years ago . Since that time, it has become an almost universal method for purifying recombinant proteins. Four ligand sites can be occupied by NTA with the remaining two available for binding the histidines of a His6 tag.
Allergens are a broad class of otherwise innocuous Ags capable of inducing vigorous Th2 responses. Several common allergens, including grass pollen and house dust mite Ag, contain cysteine protease elements , and these elements provide adjuvant effects . However, the seminal finding that Th2 polarization is impaired in mice with MHC II expression restricted to CD11c+ cells  remains unresolved, indicating the need for a MHC II expressing cell other than the DC to maximize IL 4 responses.
Evidence has consistently shown racial and ethnic differences in mental health care, across a variety of patient samples and psychiatric diagnoses. Depressed blacks are less likely than whites to receive antidepressants , and are half as likely to receive any depression treatment. Among patients with any mood or anxiety disorder, blacks  are less likely than whites  and Hispanics  to receive “minimally adequate care.” Blacks  were also less likely than whites  to receive follow up after hospitalization for any mental illness.
Malaria caused by Plasmodium falciparum parasites is responsible for 1 2 million deaths per annum, mainly afflicting children in sub Saharan Africa. It is a complex disease with many genetic and environmental determinants influencing the observed variation in response to infection, progression and severity. The human major histocompatibility complex  class III region contains many genes that are relevant to immunity and inflammation.
Allostery is an important regulatory mechanism that allows biochemical processes to be controlled at the individual protein level. Allosteric proteins usually control the metabolic flows of biochemical pathways by being strategically placed at crucial junctions of individual pathways. Protein folding principles led to understanding allosteric transitions in terms of both free energy changes  and dynamical rearrangement of the conformational ensemble .
B cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemias  with either a genomic rearrangement or deregulated expression of the cytokine receptorlike factor 2 , or both, practically never concur with ETV6 RUNX1, MLL, TCF3, or BCR ABL fusions. They are primarily classified as standard  or high risk  in Children’s Oncology Group  protocols and as corresponding SR and intermediate risk  in Italian Association of Pediatric Hematology and Oncology Berlin Frankfurt Münster  protocols, with a significantly increased risk of relapse in non Down syndrome  patients.,, The 2 most prominent genomic rearrangements are those that either juxtapose the first noncoding exon of P2RY8 to the CRLF2 coding region or put the latter under the control of the IGH@ gene enhancer. ,, Apart from rare CRLF2 activating mutations and additional copies of the respective gene containing chromosomal region, no other consistent genetic factors are currently known to be associated with a CRLF2 overexpression., ,, Conversely, only half of the overexpressing cases in these studies, and also those from COG focusing on HR ALL cases, carry a CRLF2 genomic lesion., This intriguing discrepancy raised the question of why not all CRLF2 fusions cause a similar CRLF2 overexpression, and consequently, whether the fusion or the overexpression might be the preferred predictive factor.
Cux1 is the murine homologue of the Drosophila gene cut. Upon terminal differentiation, Cux1 is downregulated or loses the ability to bind to the promoters, permitting transcription of the target genes. In contrast, transgenic mice ectopically expressing Cux1 exhibit multiorgan hyperplasia including an increase in the size of the kidneys, heart, liver, and testis, apparently resulting from the repression of p27kip1 gene expression .
Sphingolipids comprise a conserved family of lipids that contribute to the formation of membrane subdomains  . Sphingolipids also give rise to bioactive metabolites such as sphingosine , ceramide  and sphingosine 1 phosphate  that participate in signaling pathways regulating cellular proliferation, migration, survival, angiogenesis, and immune cell trafficking . A delicate balance exists between these metabolites in human cells, alterations of which may influence cell growth and the tumorigenic process .
Adolescents and emerging adults in the U.S. are exposed to large amounts of interpersonal violence, typically defined as the intentional use of threatened or actual physical force against another person that could or does result in injury, death or psychological harm. Most youth also experience violence through media, including television, movies and video games. For instance, the average 18 year old observes approximately 6,000 acts of violence on television and in movies in one year  .
An accumulating literature has described the frozen embryo disposition decision as often difficult with a majority of embryo holders frequently unable to choose between further attempts at conception, continued storage, donation, or embryo destruction . Because of the intensely private nature of this choice , it is not surprising that investigations have identified a variety of personal contexts influencing the decision making process . In this paper we address an external context that has received relatively less attention, namely, frozen embryo holders’ expectations and perceptions of IVF clinic information, support, and storage fees and its relevance to disposition decision making and implications for IVF clinic policies and procedures .
Opioids have been the mainstay in clinical pain management for several decades. However, repeated use of opioids and opioid based analgesics, such as morphine and heroin, causes severely aversive effects including analgesic tolerance, physical dependence and opioid addiction . The analgesic tolerance significantly diminishes the analgesic effectiveness of opioids over time and physical dependence necessitates continued opioid administration to avoid devastating withdrawal symptoms, whereas drug addiction is a chronic psychiatric disease for which there is still a lack of effective treatment at present.
Chronic kidney disease and end stage renal disease present severe medical problems; their incidence has been increasing steadily, especially in industrialized countries . For both conditions hypertension remains one of the most important risk factors even though antihypertensive treatment has significantly advanced over the recent decades . It is generally accepted that inappropriate activation of the renin angiotensin system  is a major factor in the development of angiotensin II  dependent forms of hypertension .
Innate immune pathways are early responses important for pathogen control, and are activated by pattern recognition receptors  that bind ligands containing pathogen  or danger associated molecular patterns, such as modified carbohydrate or nucleic acid structures . Antiviral PRR signaling is initiated by a variety of receptors, including the transmembrane TLR proteins 2, 3, 4, 7/8, and 9, and the cytoplasmic retinoic acid inducible gene I  like receptors  RIG I and melanoma differentiated associated gene 5  . TLR3, TLR7/8, and TLR9 recognize the non self nucleic acid moieties dsRNA, ssRNA, and hypomethylated CpG DNA, respectively, whereas TLR4 recognizes viral glycoproteins and the viral ligand for TLR2 remains to be identified.
Friend virus  is a naturally occurring retroviral complex that causes diseases ranging from lethal erythroleukemia in susceptible mouse strains to asymptomatic chronic infections in resistant strains . Chronic infection of mice with FV is associated with the activation of CD4+ regulatory T cells  that suppress CD8+ T cell effector functions such as production of IFNγ and cytolytic molecules . Activated Tregs from mice chronically infected with FV suppress CD8+ T cell function in vitro without any requirement for additional restimulation .
Advanced stage sarcomas remain significant clinical challenges, as the use of chemotherapy has largely failed to improve overall survival for adult patients. In tumor types where survival has improved with treatment, relapsed tumors are often resistant to standard therapies. In addition, therapy may be complicated in children by subsequent bone growth deformities, endocrinologic disturbances, and secondary cancers.
Acute care hospitalization is a major focus of increasingly urgent challenges to control Medicare costs and improve the quality of health care for a growing older American population. A recent national study of rehospitalizations in the Medicare population found that nearly 20 percent of beneficiaries discharged from an acute care hospital were rehospitalized within 30 days, and that one half of all rehospitalized patients had not seen an office based physician since their prior hospital discharge . Based on evidence from this and other published studies, consensus has generally been reached among researchers, practitioners, and policymakers that preventing hospitalizations in the Medicare population is tied to improving care continuity and patient transitions across acute and post acute care settings  .
The ventricular zone  of the dorsal telencephalon contains the progenitor cells which produce all of the various excitatory neurons of the mature neocortex. This process occurs during prenatal mammalian brain development through a precisely regulated series of proliferative and neurogenic divisions. Whether the diversity in neuronal progeny is generated from a similarly heterogeneous pool of precursor cells remains unclear.
HIV associated nephropathy, which is characterized by a collapsing variant of FSGS and micro cystic tubular dilatation , is a manifestation of specific genetic, environmental, and host factors . Since Apol1 polymorphism contributes to both conventional FSGS and HIVAN, it is likely that some of glomeruli will develop sclerotic phenotype in addition to collapsing phenotype in HIVAN. This was further supported by epidemiologic studies showing that with the occurrence of HIVAN, the incidence of heroin nephropathy  has disappeared in the patients with African American ancestry .
Nicotine abstinence has been associated with symptoms of both increased negative affect  and smoking urge/craving . Therefore, using EMA to provide a more precise characterization of the relationship between withdrawal components across different populations of smokers and under different smoking conditions may refine our understanding of how these factors contribute to the maintenance of nicotine addiction . Current theories of the role of affect in addiction suggest that NA is predictive of craving and lapse/relapse during smoking abstinence, but that positive affect  is predominantly related to craving and motivation to smoke during ad libitum smoking .
Bacterial vaginosis  is characterized by replacement of healthy vaginal microflora, which predominantly consists of Lactobacillus spp., BV clearly elevates the risk of an infection following gynecological surgery, such as an abortion . Furthermore, the study conducted by Cherpes et al. Conventional treatment of BV is by administration of the antibiotics clindamycin and metranidazole.
Toll like receptors  comprise an important family of pattern recognition receptors. Nucleic acid sensing TLRs, such as TLR3 and TLR7 9, are of particular interest, as they are important for detecting the presence of nucleic acids derived from pathogenic viruses and bacteria and initiate the production of essential pro inflammatory cytokines and type I interferons,. TLR7 and TLR9 have also been strongly implicated in contributing to autoimmunity .
Identification and quantification of neuroanatomical changes are important for understanding brain development and evaluating the progression of disease. Previous attempts to identify fine cortical structures utilized T1 contrast between gray matter and myelinated axons in gray matter to differentiate myelin rich regions in the cortex, such as the stripe of Genari in the primary visual cortex in human . Although, the resulting contrast from this method is small and the use of this approach has not found widespread application.
Accumulating evidence indicates that lipid metabolism is a key event in tissue physiology and cell signaling in many neurological disorders . Multiple sclerosis , an inflammatory, demyelinating disease of CNS, affects more than one million people worldwide. Many MS patients have altered plasma lipid profile ; as a result, premises of some diagnostic tests are based on lipid metabolism.
The gene encoding the non receptor protein tyrosine kinase c Src was the first proto oncogene to be described when identified as the cellular homologue of v Src, the transforming factor of the Rous sarcoma retrovirus . Of the nine SFKs, c Src is the most comprehensively studied regarding its role in cancer. Increased levels of c Src activity occur in several solid tumour types, including colorectal , breast and lung cancers .
Heart failure  affects approximately 5.1 million Americans and is associated with increased hospitalization, mortality, and health care expenditures, . The natriuretic peptide system has counter regulatory natriuretic, diuretic, and vasodilatory properties. The convertase protein corin is a key component of natriuretic peptide processing that cleaves the less biologically active precursor pro B type natriuretic peptide  into biologically active BNP as well as an inactive NT proBNP fragment,  .
Pediatric tympanoplasty is a frequently performed procedure with varying reported success rates ranging between 35 and 94%. In general, tympanic membrane repair success in children is often perceived as lagging behind what is typically achieved in adults having similar underlying risk factors. Previously quoted reasons for the poorer success rate include: frequent upper respiratory tract infections, persistent otitis media and ongoing Eustachian tube dysfunction, and inconsistent postoperative care.
Nonsteroidal anti inflammatory drugs  designed specifically to inhibit cyclooxygenase  2 relieve pain and inflammation but expose patients to a cardiovascular hazard comprising myocardial infarction and stroke, hypertension, heart failure, arrhythmogenesis and sudden cardiac death. More controversial has been the potential impact of COX 2 inhibition on atherosclerosis. Extended dosing with COX 2 inhibitors in three placebo controlled trials was associated with emergence of a detectable increase in cardiovascular events in patients initially selected to be at low risk of heart disease.
B1 cells are distinguished from conventional B2 cells by phenotypic, transcriptomic and functional criteria . CD5+ B1 cells typically express substantial levels of Mac 1, CD43, and CD80, in contrast to conventional B  cells that fail to express Mac 1 or CD43 and express relatively meager amounts of CD80 . CD5+ B1 cells play an indispensable and unique role in generating protection against microbial infection.
Embryonic stem cells  and induced pluripotent stem cells  self renew and differentiate into various cell types in vitro and in vivo. A complex network of genetic and epigenetic pathways regulates their self renewal and differentiation, and the structural organization of chromatin play a prominent role in these processes. Prior studies have established multiple unique properties of pluripotent chromatin and its regulation, including macrostructural descriptions of ESC chromatin as relatively “open” compared to lineage committed cells .
Heteronuclear direct detection experiments, which take advantage of the slower relaxation properties of nuclei with a lower gyromagnetic ratio, γ, have recently been considered as tools for extending the limits of NMR in structural and functional studies of proteins. A variety of pulse sequences have been developed for resonance assignments and structure analyses of proteins using 13C direct detection . However, direct detection of 15N, which has the lowest γ within nuclei located in the protein backbone, has not been extensively exploited so far.
The HIV epidemic in Peru disproportionately affects men who have sex with men . While the prevalence of HIV infection is below 1% in the total population and less than 5% in female sex workers, the prevalence among MSM has been estimated to be as high as 21%, with an annual incidence up to 5% . Previous research has addressed social and biological characteristics of Peruvian MSM that promote HIV transmission, including frequent unprotected anal intercourse and high prevalences of HSV 2 and syphilis infections .
Chronic exposure to high concentrations of metals in the environment has been show to be associated with negative neurological effects , but the potential impact of environmental exposure to low concentrations of metals is difficult to ascertain. Soil is a relevant route of human exposure for a variety of metals , and in an on going study we are examining the potential relation between soil metal concentrations and an elevated prevalence of mental retardation and developmental delay  using Bayesian local likelihood kriging. Kriging is the most common method of geostatistical interpolation used for environmental measurements.
The O6 alkylguanine DNA alkyltransferase  repairs O6 alkylguanine and O4 alkylthymine adducts that occur in DNA that has been exposed to alkylating agents; ; . AGT also protects tumor cells against chemotherapeutic drugs that methylate or chloroethylate DNA; , and clinical trials are underway to determine whether AGT inhibitors can increase the efficacy of DNA alkylating drugs; . This relevance to cancer etiology and chemotherapy has stimulated research on the structure of AGT; ; , its synthesis and degradation;  and its mechanisms of DNA repair; , but important gaps remain in our understanding of how AGT interacts with DNA and with proteins bound to DNA .
Respiratory infections are the most common infectious diseases in humans worldwide and a leading cause of death in children less than 5 years of age . In the United States of America, acute viral respiratory infections  are a significant cause of morbidity and hospitalization in children . Identification of previously unknown respiratory pathogens may lead to the development of new therapies and vaccines to treat or prevent ARIs .
There is a high prevalence of obesity and mood disorders among adolescents, with both disorders imparting substantial costs to society and the individual. , Experts have called for more rigorous assessments of adiposity in studies involving children and adolescents, emphasizing that BMI and BMI Z are surrogate measures for adiposity. However, little is known about visceral adiposity and its association with psychological disorders .
Rigid ankle foot orthoses  are frequently prescribed for patients with very weak dorsiflexor recruitment to improve walking ability and prevent tripping. Many research groups are developing powered orthoses or robotic exoskeletons to help people with gait deficits  or to augment human performance . The orthoses could be used as everyday gait aids to improve mobility or as rehabilitation tools to shape the motor patterns of patients .
It is increasingly evident that primed/memory T cells play a major role in the immune response of a transplant recipient to allogeneic tissue    . Furthermore, a proportion of memory T cells generated in response to an infection can cross react with the allogeneic graft and cause rejection  . Notably, such primed cross reactive T cells are resistant to most treatments which are effective in controlling naive T cell responders  .
Hypercholesterolemia has been repeatedly identified as a risk factor for atherosclerosis; however, its influence on re endothelialization  after arterial injury is uncertain. Animal studies and clinical reports provide conflicting evidence regarding the importance of cholesterol after angioplasty or stenting and on the relationship between cholesterol levels and the risk of restenosis. The loss of endothelial integrity that occurs during angioplasty/stenting appears to induce the accumulation of inflammatory cells and the proliferation and migration of vascular smooth muscle cells, which can lead to neointimal thickening.
An effective acquired AIDS vaccine would be a crucial component of any long term strategy to combat human immunodeficiency virus /AIDS. However, designing immunogens that can elicit effective, broadly neutralizing responses against HIV has been a surprisingly difficult task. This highlights the need for novel alternative approaches aimed at the discovery of effective AIDS vaccines.
Vitamin D receptors  are present in T lymphocytes, macrophages, chondrocytes, and synovial cells of patients with rheumatoid arthritis  but not healthy individuals . As recently reviewed , 1,252D inhibits T cell proliferation and cytokine secretion in vitro, and ameliorates murine RA . We hypothesized that correction of hypovitaminosis D in subjects with RA would decrease parathyroid hormone , increase bone mineral density , improve functional capacity  and down regulate inflammatory cytokines, thereby diminishing RA disease activity  scores and improving quality of life .
The extracellular matrix  is remodeled and stiffened in tandem with the malignant transformation of tissues . Enhanced collagen cross linking stiffens the ECM in vivo and in vitro, increases phosphorylation of focal adhesion kinase , and promotes mammary tumor progression; whereas preventing ECM cross linking and decreasing tissue tension reduces FAK activity, and prevents tumor cell invasion and metastasis . Although these findings implicate force induced focal adhesions in malignant progression the molecular mechanisms remain unclear.
2CC NBOMe  methyl] ethanamine) and 25I NBOMe  N  ethanamine)  are of a class of N benzyl phenethylamine derivatives whose synthesis was first reported in the scientific literature in 2011 . In vitro binding studies have demonstrated that these compounds are potent serotonin 2A  receptor agonists . Little to no pharmacokinetic or pharmacological data concerning man or whole animals is presently available in the professional literature.
The clinical outcome of hematopoietic cell transplantation  is determined by a variety of patient, disease and graft factors. However, after almost three decades of allogeneic HCT using volunteer unrelated bone marrow  or peripheral blood progenitor cells , the optimal cellular composition of these grafts has not been defined. Prior trials using diverse patient populations have reported conflicting results in correlating the composition of BM and PBPC grafts  with transplant outcome.
Class I HLA molecules are nature’s proteome scanning chip. However, viral peptide presentation by the class I of infected cells represents a small, albeit significant, chapter of a much larger story. Following their entry into a host cell, viruses activate host gene transcription, hijack host proteins for viral replication, and degrade host proteins that impede virion production and assembly .
Phosphoinositide specific phospholipase C  isozymes are key effector enzymes in multiple cellular signaling pathways, hydrolyzing phosphatidylinositol 4,5 bisphosphate P2) into inositol 1,4,5 triphosphate  and diacylglycerol , second messengers which subsequently regulate Ca2+ release from intracellular stores and protein kinase C activation. The PLC β family exists as four identified isoforms, β1  β4. Among them, PLC β1 and β3 are ubiquitously expressed in a variety of tissues, whereas β2 and β4 have limited tissue distribution.
Amyloid precursor protein  is a normal transmembrane protein found in cells throughout the body. One of the products of proteolytic degradation of APP in the brain is amyloid β peptide . first demonstrated the ability of MRI to visualize amyloid plaques in ex vivo human brain specimens .
Tissue factor  is a membrane bound cell surface protein and the primary initiator in the extrinsic pathway of the coagulation cascade . This pathway starts with TF’s exposure to the blood stream upon vessel damage, binding to its natural ligand the blood borne factor VII , and activation of FVII to FVIIa. The TF FVIIa complex elicits calcium transients in various cell types, and activates the three major MAP kinase family members p42/p44, p38, and JNK .
Telomeres are heterogeneous nucleoprotein assemblies localized at eukaryotic chromosome termini that serve both to protect the ends from damage and to extend the DNA length following replication. To accomplish these activities various proteins are nucleated at telomeric DNA to form distinct structures, including capping and extending complexes,. EST2 encodes the telomerase reverse transcriptase subunit that is responsible for extending telomeric DNA and the Stn1 and Ten1 proteins function to cap the chromosome ends.
Spatial hearing is critically important in the reproductive biology of anuran amphibians . Likewise, male frogs, which often defend discreet calling sites or territories using both vocalizations and physical aggression , must be able to locate reproductive rivals that begin calling in close proximity . Importantly, both sexes can solve these tasks of sound source localization using only the acoustic cues provided by vocalizations.
The prevalence of tobacco smoking has not changed significantly over the past several years. In the United States alone, about 45 million people smoke tobacco . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 75% of smokers would like to quit because of the known health risks associated with nicotine.
Numerous previous studies have determined that severe dyslipidemia, including both hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia represent significant risk factors for the development of peripheral artery diseases and negative health outcomes . While unquestionably of considerable clinical significance, these overt pathological states do not provide a complete understanding of the alterations to vascular structure and function that accompany dyslipidemia . However, this is more complicated than a simple loss of NO bioavailability.
Long standing inflammation contributes to the development of over 20% of all human cancers, owing to increased cellular proliferation in environments favoring DNA damage and tumorigenesis . Ulcerative colitis  is one such chronic inflammatory condition affecting millions of people worldwide, leading to increased risk of colorectal cancer. Duration and severity of inflammation correlate to cumulative probability of cancer development, ranging from 2% at 10 years of colitis to 18% after 30 years .
Patients with systemic lupus erythematosus  form autoantibodies to nuclear antigens. The resulting immune complexes  stimulate type I interferon  production by plasmacytoid dendritic cells . As mechanisms of NET release begin to emerge, specific components of lupus NETs, such as cathelicidin/LL 37, have been shown to stimulate both pDCs and macrophages.
Cystamine and its reduced form, cysteamine, are known to have multiple effects in biological systems. Most recently, cystamine has been shown to increase levels of brain derived neurotrophic factor  in the striatum of HD knock in mice and in primate blood. While this hypothesis is certainly promising in terms of therapeutic potential for HD, cystamine is known to be a multifunctional chemical and most likely exhibits multiple modes of action.
One of the most pervasive social assumptions is that all humans possess sexual desire . A related assumption about sexuality is that sexuality is not only something one does, but an identity, or something one is, usually biologically . Social scientists conceptualize their interests in sexuality in three common ways: behavior, desire, and identity .
The nucleus is a complex organelle containing many subdomains. The INM is of particular interest because chromatin located at this region can be silenced  and references therein) or, if in the vicinity of the nuclear pore complexes , highly activated ). Both integral and peripheral membrane proteins are located at the INM.
The ECX21941 gene from the Global Ocean Sampling  metagenome dataset , encodes a protein with a molecular weight of 11.5 kDa  and a calculated isoelectric point of 5.75. Genomic neighborhood analysis of ECX21941 and homologous proteins suggests a cyanophage origin for this protein . The structure of ECX21941 is similar that of Sm/LSm/Sm like proteins despite lack of any detectable sequence similarity and further analysis confirmed that it is a very divergent member of this protein family.
Intrauterine infection has been implicated in the etiology of preterm birth and is present in approximately 25% of all preterm deliveries. An increased concentration of proinflammatory cytokines in amniotic fluid and fetal plasma have been linked to the onset of preterm parturition and fetal or neonatal injury including cerebral palsy and chronic lung disease. Pulmonary surfactants are composed of a lipid protein complex.
The inflammatory bowel diseases , including ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease, are chronic disorders characterized by rectal bleeding, severe diarrhea, abdominal pain and weight loss,. These include pathological alterations in the mouth, eyes, skin, liver, joints, lungs and blood. A life threatening hematological consequence of IBD is thrombosis.
Ertapenem  is one of the newest carbapenem antibiotics to be approved for use in the United States and throughout the world. It differs structurally from imipenem by the presence of a β methyl substitution on carbon 1 of the core β lactam structure and from both imipenem and meropenem by the presence of a meta substituted benzoic acid on the functional group at position two. , With these variations, ertapenem retains excellent activity against the enterobacteriaceae, including extended spectrum β lactamase producers, and demonstrates comparable activity against Gram positive and anaerobic organisms.
Male sex determination during mammalian development is initiated by the expression of Sry  gene, which encodes an HMG box DNA binding protein. XX mice carrying the Sry transgene develop as males with normal testes . Thus, Sry acts as the master regulator of male sex determination.
Despite having a vaccine in hand that eliminated natural smallpox infections, new vaccines are needed to protect against the threat of deliberately released variola in addition to other endemic and emerging poxviruses. The orthopoxviruses produce several structural forms, including two infectious particles that have distinct membrane surfaces and roles in the viral life cycle. VACV has no known natural host nor clear origin; it has been suggested to be a divergent CPV or VARV species that emerged during early variolation practices  .
The flow of information from unconscious to conscious awareness has been of great interest for centuries . William  suggested that thought was ongoing, switching intermittently between internal and external stimuli, relying heavily on processes needed to integrate the past with the present. Thalbourne and his collaborators have studied the transfer of unconscious thought and external stimulation into conscious awareness and have labeled individual differences in the degree of such transference as transliminality .
The development of the skeleton involves a highly regulated, spatially organized series of events that requires the precise temporal control of a multitude of morphogens, growth factors, transcription factors, and mechanical signaling pathways. An understanding of the mechanisms and signaling pathways involved in these disease processes is essential to finding potential therapeutic targets . Chondrocytes enter the proliferative state, assume a characteristic flattened morphology, begin to rapidly divide, and secrete abundant extracellular matrix components.
The ovary, unlike other adult mammalian tissues, undergoes persistent cyclical remodeling with regulated proliferation, differentiation and cell death. Inhibitors of differentiation  proteins  are a subfamily of regulatory dimeric basic helix loop helix  transcription factors. These factors regulate many genes, including those required for growth and differentiation, through binding to E box  sequences on the promoter region of target genes .
Wilms tumor  is an embryonal tumor of the kidney that affects approximately one child in every 10,000 before the age of 15 years in Europe and North America. During the 20th century, with the development first of curative radiation therapy techniques and then of effective chemotherapy regimens, WT case fatality rates declined from 90% to 10%. The increasing numbers of survivors of WT and other childhood cancers, however, have substantial risk of developing adverse medical conditions related to treatment of their disease.
While there is no doubt that Alzheimer's disease  causes profound deficits in episodic memory, the exact nature of these deficits has been extensively debated over the last 40 years. Debate again surfaced when nonhuman investigations provided strong evidence that the cholinergic system plays a vital role in the encoding of information into episodic memory , consistent with the budding hypothesis that AD was a disorder of memory encoding rather than storage or retrieval . In contrast, the hippocampus is also responsible for maintaining distinct, orthogonal representations for similar patterns of activation to avoid interference from long term memory and new incoming stimuli.
A rat in a maze, a hunter gatherer on the plains, and a football quarterback in the middle of a tense play are each confronted with a choice between several possible actions. Choosing the best action often depends on learning the rewards and punishments associated with each action from experience. Anatomical, lesion and neurophysiological studies have implicated the anterior cingulate cortex  in this process.
The aryl hydrocarbon receptor , in addition to its well known role mediating effects of various xenobiotics, has been suggested to participate in a variety of biological processes, including cell cycle control, growth, apoptosis, differentiation, and light regulated biological rhythms . AHR agonists include exogenous chemicals such as polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons, planar halogenated aromatic hydrocarbons and a variety of natural products, as well a diversity of endogenous compounds . There may be endogenous ligand involved in regulation of physiological pathways, and perhaps environmental sensing, but such ligands have been elusive.
Cancer development is a multistep process characterized by a multitude of genetic and epigenetic changes that induce resistance to proapoptotic stimuli, sustain angiogenesis, and confer insensitivity to antigrowth signals and immune surveillance  . A prominent target of HIF1α is VEGF A, which induces tumor angiogenesis by stimulating proliferation, survival, and migration of endothelial cells . HSP90 is a highly conserved and ubiquitously expressed molecular chaperone involved in the correct folding and final maturation of a plethora of proteins, so called HSP90 clients, in an effort to maintain cellular homeostasis .
Adolescence is the highest risk period for development of major depressive disorder. Numerous studies also have documented that early depressive episodes persist or recur into adult life along with ongoing psychosocial difficulties. These difficulties include, but are not limited to, disruption in interpersonal relationships, early pregnancy, low educational attainment, poor occupational functioning and unemployment, as well as increased risk for suicidal behavior, resulting in substantial socioeconomic burden.
The primate somatosensory cortex is remarkable for its capacity to reorganize in the face of perturbations of peripheral input. Adaptations can be positive, such as enlargement of a representation of digits engaged in repetitive actions , or negative such as central pain following amputation of a limb or peripheral nerve injury . The most evident cortical response to deafferentation is expansion of representations of body parts with intact peripheral innervation at the expense of those deprived of sensory input  .
Obesity is a heterogeneous disease largely resulting from a variety of maladaptive brain mechanisms within an organism in response to environmental, social, and genetic influences, that leads to an imbalance between energy intake and energy expenditure. Within this network, these peptides have regionally specific effects. The PVN is thought to primarily influence energy based food intake , such as when an organism has a relative energy deficit, while the CeA is a limbic structure  involved in reward based food intake and affective ingestive neuromodulatory behavior .
The intensive care unit  provides specialized, high level care to the sickest patients. In an academic medical center, the ICU accepts critically ill patients from the Emergency Department , the hospital ward where they may have decompensated, and from other hospitals when those patients need a higher level of care. These studies show that when critical care demand exceeds supply, patient care can be compromised.
Excessive, non uniform in vivo radiofrequency  heating of the body during an MRI session is a ‘grave’ safety concern. The maximum allowable deposition of RF energy is 4 W/kg * 60 min = 240 W.min/kg. Non uniform in vivo distribution of the RF energy and heating makes it necessary to appropriately define global and local limits for the SAR to avoid heating beyond specified safe temperature limits and improve safety .
Peripheral artery disease  is a major manifestation of systemic atherosclerosis and as a consequence a strong predictor of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Patients with PAD commonly manifest the symptom of claudication that is cramping, aching, or fatigue in the calf muscles provoked by walking activity and relieved by rest. This limits the supply of oxygen required to meet the metabolic demands of exercising skeletal muscle, leading to the symptom of claudication during exercise.
In high volume sports, such as long distance running, overuse injuries can keep an athlete out of play for long periods of time or be season ending . Early detection of risk factors by coaches, athletic trainers, and practitioners may enable quicker treatment, return to play, and prevention of more serious musculoskeletal injuries through strength training in athletes . Previously identified risk factors for musculoskeletal injuries have included: previous injuries, disproportionate increases in training volume, nutritional deficiencies, and hormonal irregularities.
One major problem with biological light microscopy is the motility of living organisms. The need for immobilization of a specimen became more pressing after the development of contrastenhancement optical techniques  that allowed high resolution observations of fine structures in living cells. Many techniques to immobilize a microscopic specimen have been reported in the literature .
The human proteome encodes nearly 1000 integral membrane proteins, representing nearly 30% of all proteins in the cell. These large numbers of membrane proteins are involved in a myriad of cell signaling pathways and processes within the cell . The second largest family of membrane receptors is the receptor tyrosine kinase  family.
Successful breast conservation surgery  maximizes local control when obtaining negative margins prior to irradiation. Although it is well established that compromised margins increase the risk of local recurrence,  no universally accepted definition of a close or negative margin exists because trials have varied widely in their margin definitions, inclusion criteria, and local recurrence rates. , Irrespective of the definition used, negative margins remain the standard of care for BCS, and although the number of re excisions doesn’t affect local recurrence initial efforts to achieve margin negativity may help prevent reoperation.
Hematopoietic progenitors, from the bone marrow, migrate into the thymus and undergo a well regulated developmental program to produce T lymphocytes . While the developmental and activation programs have been well characterized, the program that maintains peripheral naïve T cells in the resting stage remains poorly understood. Recent studies from our team and others have implicated critical roles in regulation by mTOR activity  and by the FoxO and FoxP1 transcription factors  .
Arterial flow mediated dilation  is an indirect measurement of endothelial nitric oxide  release. Impaired FMD represents systemic vascular endothelial dysfunction that is commonly associated with cardiovascular disease ., Additionally, the association of FMD with CVD is evidenced by its ability to predict future CVD events in population based studies., Endothelial dysfunction, defined by impaired FMD, has been reported in patients with atrial fibrillation ., Also, abnormalities in NO signaling have been implicated in atrial ectopy near the pulmonary veins., These findings suggest a potential role for endothelial dysfunction in the development of AF. However, data from population based studies to support this claim are lacking.
Joint attention is an early emerging social communication skill that involves sharing interest regarding an object, person, or event with a social partner . According to Bruner, shared positive affect clearly differentiates joint attention gestures from requesting or protoimperative gestures . Using shared positive affect during joint attention can be an especially powerful way to inform a communicative partner about the emotional significance of a shared experience .
Episodic antiretroviral therapy was suggested as a way of retaining the benefits of combination antiretroviral therapy while minimizing adverse effects of antiretroviral drugs , . The overall effect of the use of antiretroviral therapy on HIV transmission risk may include factors other than its effect on HIV RNA level. Previous studies have suggested that the availability of antiretroviral therapy might result in increased risk behavior.
Functional brain imaging has revealed one set of brain areas that show increases in activity and a separate set of areas that show decreases in activity during performance of a wide range of different types of cognitive tasks. These task negative regions have sometimes been referred to as the default mode network . In the resting state, anticorrelations have been reported between task negative and task positive regions .
Deregulation of intrinsic tumor protective mechanisms can convert normal epithelia into malignant carcinoma, and lies at the heart of the majority of human cancers. p53 is a pivotal regulator that protects from such events. However, with regards to p63, a more complicated picture has emerged.
A central challenge in synthetic biology is to construct reliable and useful biological systems in a predictable manner . This circuit centric view of gene circuit engineering has been implied in efforts to standardize synthetic biological parts  . They may be global: expression of circuit components may be detrimental or beneficial to the host cell, leading to modulation of cell physiology.
Human induced pluripotent stem cells  offer a virtually unlimited source of cardiac myocytes  for disease modeling, drug testing and cardiac regeneration therapies, but current cardiac directed differentiation techniques  lead to heterogeneous populations containing cardiac cells with ventricular, atrial and pacemaker phenotypes as well as other cell lineages and residual undifferentiated cells . For example, bioengineered cardiac tissue created from a homogenous population of ventricular cells would be less likely to promote arrhythmia following transplantation than engineered tissue containing myocytes with a mixture of electrophysiological properties. Multiple enrichment schemes have been devised to separate CMs from non CMs by exploiting cell specific physical and biological characteristics .
Down syndrome  arises from the genetic consequences of trisomy 21 and is a disorder of gene dosage. Additionally, individuals with DS have a gamut of associated developmental phenotypes that include, but are not limited to, early onset dementia, congenital heart defects, Hirschsprung disease  and leukemia . Cytogenetic mapping of rare patients with partial duplications of chromosome 21q and DS associated phenotypes had led to the concept of a Down syndrome critical region  at 21q22.2, minimal duplication of which is sufficient to lead to mental retardation and the DS facial gestalt .
The symptoms of common mental disorders, can lead to clinically significant impairment or distress , which can be alleviated by a variety of treatments, including, possibly, psychotherapy . Several controlled studies , meta analyses , and guidelines , have indicated the efficacy of psychotherapy for different mental health problems, both when used alone , or in combination with psychotropic medications . There remains, however, debate on methodological issues regarding assessment of psychotherapy efficacy and effectiveness  .
Patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma , which includes cancers of the oral cavity, pharynx, and larynx, have one of the highest rates of depression,  and psychological distress, relative to other cancer patient populations. Several studies have reported that various measures of psychosocial functioning are associated with biological processes, such as angiogenesis,  that may be relevant to cancer progression and outcomes. For example, in a cross sectional study of 24 women with ovarian cancer, higher levels of social well being were associated with lower levels of serum VEGF, whereas feelings of worthlessness and helplessness were associated with higher levels of VEGF.
Evidence for the familial transmission of alcoholism is well established in the empirical literature. This conceptual shift has resulted in more research on the mechanisms through which familial vulnerability operates and includes prospective studies of children in families with an alcoholic parent. Expressions of disinhibited child behavior, variously referred to as “difficult temperament,” “behavioral disinhibition,” or “behavioral undercontrol,” have figured prominently in the alcoholism literature as potential mediators of genetic risk that are measurable in childhood .
Eukaryotic genomes are pervasively transcribed. Consequently, the majority of lncRNAs exhibit low steady state levels compared to mRNAs. In the simplest scenario, lncRNA expression can provide an environment that is either suitable or unsuitable for transcription factor binding.
In the United States, 28% of adults infected with HIV are parents . The negative impact of maternal HIV may radiate throughout the family system via the mother’s lessened ability to care for her family and for herself, creating strains in family dynamics . In each case, the breakdown of these family processes can increase adolescent emotional distress and acting out behaviors .
Histidine  tag affinity purification is a method of choice for the purification of a large number of recombinant proteins expressed in various overexpression systems. The popularity of this method is due in part to its many advantageous properties such as high affinity of the His tag in the recombinant proteins with nickel nitrilotriacetic agarose  beads and easy elution with imidazole buffer. However, the yield and purity of various proteins purified by this procedure are quite different.
Dental composites of polymer resins and glass filler particles have an esthetically pleasing appearance and adhere well to dental enamel and dentin . The resin is usually composed of methacrylate polymers such as bisphenol A diglycidyl methacrylate  and tetraethyleneglycol dimethacrylate. Chemical degradation of dental composites can be caused by hydrolysis and/or enzyme catalysis from saliva and enzymes in the oral environment, weakening the composite material sufficiently to reduce restoration longevity and mechanical properties .
Infiltrating lobular carcinoma  differs both morphologically and clinically from the more common infiltrating ductal carcinoma  in breast cancer. ILC is more likely to be bilateral, multicentric, and diploid than IDC. A survival advantage has been associated with good prognosis in some studies but not in others , indicating that other, as yet unknown, factors might distinguish ILC from IDC .
The lymphatic system plays an essential role in fluid homeostasis, fat absorption and immune surveillance. Lymphatic malformations , also called lymphangioma or cystic hygroma, are composed of malformed, low flow lymphatic channels . LMs tend to expand during adolescence and the lesions can affect vital organs, destroy bones, contribute to infections and cause disfigurement.
Uterine leiomyomata are tumors enriched in extracellular matrix  proteins that contribute to the symptomatic bulk of these tumors. The dysregulated accumulation of the ECM represents an imbalance between synthesis and dissolution, and like other fibroproliferative conditions such as keloids, may represent disorders of wound healing. , Through these interactions, Zheng and colleagues demonstrated increased tumor growth via versican’s interactions of the EGF binding domain with fibronectin and vascular endothelial growth factor .
HIV/AIDS continues to be a serious threat to the wellbeing of young people in the United States and around the world . Approximately 5% of people living with HIV in the United States are between the ages of 13 and 24; they represent 46,500 persons . Youth constitute a vulnerable group because they are passing through a period of sexual development in which curiosity and lack of accurate information are commonly coupled with sexual initiation and experimentation  .
Desmosomes are specialized intercellular adhesive junctions found in simple and stratified epithelium, and are vital for the integrity and stability of these tissues . DP is a major scaffolding component of the desmosomal plaque and serves to anchor the cytoskeleton to the plasma membrane . Similar to other plakin family proteins, DP is composed of two globular domains flanked by a central coiled coil rod domain that facilitates homodimerization .
Relapse occurs in 15 to 20% of pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia  and 50% of adult ALL patients. Compared to de novo leukemia, relapsed leukemia is chemoresistant and long term survival is poor, however the genetic basis for this is not well understood. Surprisingly, over half of relapses are missing CNVs present in the predominant clone at diagnosis and appear to have derived from a minor subclone in many cases.
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a chronic inflammatory and destructive arthropathy of unknown etiology. Thus, an imbalance of apoptotic protectors and inducers may occur and lead to the pathogenesis of RA. A variety of studies have shown that induction of synoviocyte apoptosis in animal models of inflammatory arthritis ameliorates both joint inflammation and destruction .
Accelerated hypofractionated partial breast irradiation  condenses the standard 6 weeks of radiation treatment into 5 days, offering logistical and quality of life benefits . A mode of APBI that has become increasingly popular is interstitial brachythereapy  . In particular, a recent study evaluating rates of normal tissue toxicity for those treated with IBAPBI report grade I, II, and III radiation induced fibrosis  to occur at a rate of 26%, 2%, and 0%, respectively  .
Langerhans cells  are dendritic cells that reside in the epidermis. LC are capable, in several experimental systems, of Ag presentation for stimulation of cell mediated immunity  and have been believed to play a key role in initiation of cutaneous immune responses. As LC in situ in the skin are frequently anatomically associated with calcitonin gene related peptide  containing nerves , the possibility that CGRP influences the ability of LC to support Th1  or Th2 type immunity must be considered.
Alcohol consumption has been established as a major risk factor for esophageal cancer , which remains one of the most common and fatal malignancies worldwide  . When further oxidized, acetaldehyde produces less toxic acetic acid by aldehyde dehydrogenases   . The ADH1B  A/A homodimer has been found to have a 40 fold higher enzyme activity than the G/G form.
Genital Chlamydia trachomatis infection in humans leads to pathological sequelae in the upper genital tract  including pelvic inflammatory disease, ectopic pregnancy and infertility . A licensed preventive vaccine is thought to be the solution to this problem, but has yet to be developed . Th 1 type cellular responses including IFN γ production have been shown to play a predominant role in anti chlamydial protective immunity .
The elevation of nitric oxide  in skin cells after ultraviolet light B  irradiation plays an important role in regulation of apoptosis . UVB also induces the production of superoxide  , which could rapidly react with NO• to form peroxynitrite  . An elevation of intracellular Zn2+  has been shown to correlate to NO• production and oxidative stress induced apoptosis .
Glyceraldehyde 3 phosphate dehydrogenase, spermatogenic , the sperm specific isoform of human GAPDH , is under active study as a male contraceptive target . In contrast to the somatic form of GAPDH, the sperm specific GAPDHS possesses a unique proline rich extension at the amino terminus which varies between species ), and may mediate binding to the fibrous sheath in the sperm flagellum  . Isolation of native GAPDHS from sperm has proved challenging due to its tight association with the fibrous sheath.
TGFβ inducible early gene 1 , also referred to as KLF10, was originally cloned from human osteoblasts  as a primary response gene following TGFβ treatment . Following the initial discovery, we demonstrated that TIEG over expression in MG63 human osteosarcoma cells mimicked TGFβ treatment by inducing alkaline phosphatase mRNA and inhibiting cell proliferation and osteocalcin secretion . More specifically, we have shown that TIEG over expression enhances Smad binding element  reporter activity that is dependent on Smad 4 expression .
The wide range in contractile, biochemical and morphological properties among muscle fibers is a common feature of skeletal muscle in virtually all animal species . During development, this muscle fiber heterogeneity is largely regulated by cell lineage . The MyoD family of myogenic regulatory factors  consists of MyoD, myogenin, myf5 and MRF4 .
The Transforming Growth Factor β  superfamily comprises a large number of cytokines that regulate tissue homeostasis and development through the regulation of fundamental processes such as cell proliferation, differentiation, motility and programmed cell death. TGF β has been shown to not only play a central role in development and normal organ function, but also to affect many pathological processes such as cirrhosis, nephrosclerosis, and tumorigenesis ) . There is considerable genetic evidence that the TGF _ signaling pathway is a tumor suppressor pathway in colon epithelial cells.
Non small cell lung cancer  is the leading cause of cancer death in the United States and worldwide . Five year survival rate of NSCLC patients is only 13%. Therefore, finding NSCLC early is a realistic approach to reduce the mortality associated with lung cancer .
During development of the central nervous system , differentiation of the myelinating cells, oligodendrocytes, and the process of active myelination itself are regulated by complex interactions of the oligodendrocytes’ cell surfaces with their extracellular environments . These interactions are to a large extent mediated by the integrin class of extracellular matrix  receptors . In agreement with a pivotal role of integrin ECM signaling for the regulation of oligodendrocyte differentiation and CNS myelination, signaling molecules that are effectors in integrin mediated signaling cascades have also been implicated in these processes  .
Targeting interventions to characteristics of specific groups of patients has been supported in research studies and frequently discussed as desirable. Thus, in addition to the overall comparison of an intervention to usual care or another intervention, it is important to test for moderating effects to identify potential efficacy for subgroups of the population. Post hoc tests for characteristics, such as age, may lack discrimination because distributions are skewed toward older ages.
In the United States, employees are legally entitled to a safe and healthy workplace. Surveillance systems capture these data and are key for designing effective interventions to improve worker safety and health . With a warming climate and more frequent extreme weather events predicted, exposure to ambient heat could become a prominent employee safety issue in the near future.
Chronic kidney disease, particularly end stage renal disease  treated with hemodialysis, is a powerful, independent risk factor for coronary artery disease  . In addition, traditional risk factors such as hypertension, diabetes and hyperlipidemia are common coexisting conditions. This highly atherogenic milieu in patients with ESRD results in a CAD associated mortality 1020 times greater than the normal population  .
The development of a non invasive imaging methodology that is both sensitive and specific to white matter  pathologies would be very valuable for the diagnosis, characterization and follow up of different WM associated disorders of the central nervous system . q Space diffusion MRS was first used by King et al. q Space analysis is performed by Fourier transformation of the signal decay with respect to the q value  to obtain the displacement distribution profile of molecules in the system, according to :EΔ=∫P¯sexpdR In this equation, EΔ represents the echo decay as a function of q, R is the net displacement vector  and P¯s is the displacement probability. Kurtosis is another parameter that has recently been added to describe restricted diffusion.
Depressive symptoms are common in elderly hospitalized patients, with significant symptom levels occurring in 10 to 44% of patients. The presence of depressive symptoms during hospitalization is associated with adverse outcomes, a finding initially noted among select patient groups such as those with acute myocardial infarction. , It is now recognized that among elderly patients hospitalized with a range of medical diagnoses, those with depressive symptoms are at increased risk of poor post hospitalization outcomes including worse physical and mental health, functional decline and increased mortality.
Griscelli syndrome  is a rare autosomal recessive disorder caused by mutations in the MYO5A , RAB27A , or MLPH  genes . In addition, GS1 patients present with severe central nervous system dysfunction, while GS2 patients develop hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis  with or without neurological involvement. For GS3 patients, the clinical phenotype is restricted to hypomelanosis of the skin; the same is true for GS1 patients with mutations in exon F of MYO5A  .
Steroid hormone receptors bind hormones such as estrogen, glucocorticoid or progesterone within the cell and then regulate transcription of steroid responsive genes. Hence, the RNA was entitled “steroid receptor RNA activator”, or “SRA”. It was subsequently proposed that SRA asserts similar regulatory effects on transcription in additional biological contexts, such as myogenesis  and adipogenesis , reviewed recently in  .
Over the past decade, transcatheter cardiac ablation  procedures for treatment of supraventricular arrhythmias have become routine in hospitals around the world. TCA aims to restore normal sinus rhythm by destroying or electrically isolating arrhythmogenic tissue with radiofrequency ablation  lesions. Fluoroscopy is used to visualize catheters in the body but does not provide the soft tissue resolution needed to visualize the cardiac anatomy or RFA lesions.
Prostate development begins prenatally when fetal androgens bind to androgen receptors in UGS mesenchyme to stimulate prostatic ductal progenitors, or buds in UGS epithelium. Prostatic buds, like buds in other organs , are formed in sequential stages . The first stage is the specification stage, when molecular signals specify where buds will form on the UGS surface.
The Lsm proteins were identified in Saccharomyces cerevisiae by their sequence similarity to the canonical Sm proteins . They are found throughout eukaryotes and related proteins are also present in archaebacteria  and in eubacteria . Eight Lsm proteins have been identified in S. cerevisiae.
Fulminant hepatic failure is a life threatening condition that is treated by transplantation of the liver when a donor organ can be found. Thus, the use of a liver assist devices  has greater theoretic potential as a minimally intrusive therapy, as incorporated hepatocytes might provide additional metabolic capacity and physiologically active molecules important for recovery of native hepatic function  . The expected cell type used in LADs is clearly a human hepatocyte to support the systemic dysfunction that occurs after liver failure, other cell sources include porcine hepatocytes and lately stem cell derived hepatocytes .
Adolescent involvement in gangs is a serious public health problem, with an estimated 788 000 youths involved in 27 000 gangs in the United States in 2007 . Gang membership is typically characterized by engagement in some form of criminal activity, such as fighting with other gangs, stealing cars or other goods, selling illegal drugs, or engaging in property damage . Accordingly, gang members report higher rates of violent offending, nonviolent delinquency, and victimization than their peers .
Persistent oxidative damage to cellular DNA associated with chronic inflammation developed in response to microbial and viral infections, tobacco smoke, and other environmental insults, is genotoxic and has been implicated in the etiology of many human cancers . The most common DNA lesion detected in vivo is 8 oxo 7,8 dihydroguanine , a well known biomarker of oxidative stress . This lesion is mutagenic because it mispairs with A during replication by DNA polymerases that lead to a predominant G → T transversion mutation , the second most common somatic mutation in human carcinomas .
Dendritic Cells  are critical antigen presenting cells  characterized by their efficient conversion of internalized antigens into peptide MHC complexes  required to orchestrate T cell responses . Critical DC functions such as antigen presentation, expression of co stimulatory molecules and migration are tightly controlled by a maturation process, where stimuli such as Toll like receptor  ligands or inflammatory cytokines convert immature DCs into mature DCs specialized for T cell stimulation  . Due to the paucity of DCs and the consequent difficulty in tracking their APC function in situ, many of the studies of DC maturation have relied on culture systems amenable for DC manipulation and analysis.
Allergic airway inflammation is a complex disease that involves generation, mobilization, trafficking and recruitment of multiple inflammatory cells, including T helper type 2  cells, eosinophils, neutrophils and natural killer  cells to the airways . Amongst these, eosinophils play a prominent pro inflammatory role in airway allergic inflammation , contributing to several of the clinical features of allergic asthma . Clinical studies as well as murine models of allergic airway inflammation have shown up regulation of bone marrow  eosinophils and their progenitors .
The correct and consistent use of condoms during sexual activity can effectively reduce the transmission of HIV,, so condom use is regularly measured as a proxy for HIV risk. Finally, condom use, which is a repeated behavior that must be reenacted each time one has sex with each different partner, is complex. Challenges to accurately measuring condom use exist on three levels.
Approximately 2.4 million people in India  are infected with HIV; the vast majority of these  are infected via heterosexual sex . Marriage is now the primary risk factor for HIV among women in India, and almost 90 % of new HIV infections among women do not involve commercial sex and mostly occur in the context of marriage . Women are often unaware of being exposed to this risk from their husbands.
Traumatic brain injury  is a major cause of acquired disability in children , which results in physical impairments and difficulty with cognition, mood, behavior, social development, and school performance . Many children also experience changes in their sleep patterns after TBI that could contribute to irritability, disrupted sleep, and daytime somnolence . Sleep maturation is influenced by hormones of puberty, sleep hormones, circadian rhythms, and social and behavioral contexts .
Poorly differentiated thyroid carcinomas of conventional type  and oncocytic  type  are biologically situated between well differentiated papillary  and follicular  thyroid carcinomas on the one hand and anaplastic thyroid carcinomas  on the other. The entity was finally recognized by the WHO in 2004, however, the criteria were not well defined . A consensus meeting was held in 2007 and a diagnostic algorithm was developed by different experts in thyroid pathology throughout the world .
TAR DNA binding protein of 43 kDa  is the major component of protein aggregates in patients with sporadic and most familial ALS and in a subclass of patients with frontotemporal lobar degeneration  characterized by ubiquitin positive inclusions . Moreover, mutations in the gene encoding TDP43 are associated with familial ALS and FTLD with motor neuron disease, strengthening the conclusion that this protein plays a central role in disease pathogenesis  . TDP 43 is a widely expressed nuclear protein that binds DNA and RNA, inhibits retroviral replication, and participates in RNA splicing and nuclear body formation .
Neurosteroids are endogenous steroid molecules in the brain that can allosterically potentiate or inhibit GABAA receptor function . Both synaptic  and extrasynaptic  GABAA receptors can be modulated by neurosteroids; extrasynaptic GABAA receptors may be of particular importance as targets of neurosteroid modulation . Enhancing neurosteroids, such as 5α, 3α THDOC, play a role in depression, seizure susceptibility, ethanol action, and many other nervous system functions .
Neural proliferation has been recorded in adults animals of all vertebrate taxa and, with few exceptions, occurs in the cell layer surrounding the lateral ventricles, the ventricular zone  . Neural progenitor cells migrate into distinct brain areas where they differentiate into functional neurons . Steroids are among the factors affecting neural proliferation.
Influenza A viruses cause a highly contagious respiratory disease that results in approximately 36,000 deaths annually in the United States . Influenza A viruses are also responsible for the world wide pandemics that usually result in high mortality rates . We are now in the midst of a pandemic caused by a virus originating in swine, the 2009 H1N1 virus or “swine flu” .
Dopaminergic amacrine  cells are retinal interneurons that modulate a variety of key visual processes, most notably, those associated with light adaptation and the transition from scotopic to photopic visual function . Despite comprising such a tiny minority of all retinal cells, the total number of DA cells in the mouse retina is tightly regulated, exhibiting minimal variation within a given strain of mice despite large inter strain differences . These cells are distributed equally across the four quadrants of the mouse retina , but their local distribution has been variously described as “regularly ordered” , “irregular” , or “randomly distributed” .
Methylphenidate is one of the most frequently prescribed medications for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . Its prescription usage has been rising along with increasing public awareness of the morbidity and disability associated with this disorder, and the critical importance of successful diagnosis and treatment . At the same time, diversion of methylphenidate for use as a recreational street drug has also been on the rise  causing serious and persisting concerns about the potential addictive properties of this compound  .
Worldwide, there are over 350 million individuals chronically infected with the human hepatitis B virus ; approximately 25% of chronically HBV infected individuals will develop hepatocellular carcinoma  . The HBV genome is a partially double stranded DNA genome containing four overlapping open reading frames  that encode the viral polymerase/reverse transcriptase, capsid, envelope, and X  proteins . HBx is a multifunctional protein that can modulate cellular transcription, protein degradation, calcium signaling, cell cycle, and apoptotic pathways ).
The behavioral economic approach to the study of cross temporal decision making conceptualizes addiction as a disorder of restricted time horizon , where future consequences falling beyond the horizon  are not adequately integrated into the valuation of current behavioral alternatives. However, addiction is also characterized by memory deficits , insensitivity to risk , and social cognitive dysfunction beyond generalized addiction related social withdrawal . Insights from basic research suggest that these addiction related deficits may simply be different manifestations of a common underlying process .
In order for a tumor to grow beyond approximately 1 2 mm3, it must recruit and form new vasculature as it can no longer rely on the passive diffusion of nutrients . With the development of vascular specific contrast agents, medical imaging techniques have become much more sensitive to particular aspects of angiogenesis . For example, the advent of contrast enhanced ultrasound  using microbubbles targeted to specific receptors permits the study of angiogenesis at a molecular level .
Many diseases are characterized by undesired peripheral neural activity. For example, spasticity , chorea, tics and intractable hiccups are all associated with pathological motor activity. Numerous painful conditions including cancer pain, neuromas and neuralgias are associated with pathological afferent activity.
Dysphagia is a serious yet common problem in older adults, especially for those in hospital settings and in sub acute care facilities  . Patients with stroke or hip fracture, the most common reasons for sub acute care admission , are at especially high dysphagia risk. Forty to seventy percent of older adults with acute stroke experience dysphagia .
Microarrays have shown increasing potential as a component of high throughput analytical devices for the rapid detection of biomolecules for a variety of applications such as drug screening. Microarrays of proteins, DNA, carbohydrates, and lipid bilayers have been prepared . Protein microarrays have applications in proteomics and protein functional studies , DNA chips are used in gene expression studies and rapid DNA sequencing , and carbohydrate microarrays can be used in glycomics studies and pathogen identification .
Plasticity in transcription regulation can be achieved by dynamic regulation of histone modifications, particularly on the amino terminal histone tails . H4 K16 acetylation in higher eukaryotes is mainly carried out by histone acetyltransferase  MOF , also called MYST1 or KAT8 . Both components are highly conserved among eukaryotes.
Historically, all diagnostic testing was performed at the patient’s bedside. Under either definition, rapid turn around time is a key requirement for POCT particularly because it can improve medical decision making. However, with advances in technology, POCT has now been extended to infectious diseases, cardiac markers, and drugs of abuse.
Aicardi syndrome is a rare neurodevelopmental disorder affecting females and, very rarely, males with a 47,XXY karyotype . The diagnosis of Aicardi syndrome in boys with a 46,XY karyotype has been reported but not confirmed subsequently . Aicardi syndrome is sporadic except for one reported pair of affected sisters  and a pair of affected monozygotic twins .
The production of superoxide from macrophages is a noted antibacterial function of innate immunity. Exactly how endotoxin activates macrophages to generate superoxide is still largely unknown. Specifically, the signaling mechanisms involved between the activation of the putative endotoxin receptor CD14:TLR4 and the assembly of the NADPH oxidase have not been determined .
Cleft palate is one of the most commonly observed congenital malformations in humans, occurring in up to 1 in 500 live births. The function of the palate is to separate the oral cavity and nasal cavity to allow respiration, deglutition and phonation to occur. Interruption of the normal palate proliferation, elevation or fusion process leads to cleft palate formation.
Anger is related to both acute  and chronic pain intensity . That is, they may reveal strong contraction of low back muscles ) during stress while not necessarily showing such tension increases in muscle groups distant from the pain site. Findings support symptom specificity models among CLBP patients  and those with neck and shoulder pain .
The active metabolite of vitamin D, 1,25 dihydroxyvitamin D 2D3), regulates transcription through its binding to the vitamin D receptor  for subsequent regulation of proliferation and differentiation in a number of cells, including keratinocytes . The 1,252D3 independent actions of VDR in keratinocytes have also been shown in in vivo mouse models . Later, we found out that DRIP complex belong to the transcriptional coactivator complex called “Mediator” by structural simila­rity.
Butterflies and moths  have a large number of short holocentric chromosomes  with substantial variation in chromosome number  . However, the most common chromosome numbers are n=29 31, , and the distribution is markedly skewed with only a few species having n>31. The ancestral chromosome number has been inferred to be 31, , but until recently this has been difficult to confirm due to lack of comprehensive phylogenies.
Natural Killer  cells are a critical component of the immune system where they play a role in viral responses and tumor control. Human NK cells develop from CD34+ hematopoietic stem cells  and must traverse through a number of developmental stages prior to acquisition of CD56 expression and functional competence . NK cell commitment is marked by CD56 expression that can be divided further into two populations of NK cells based on CD56 intensity, with the CD56bright NK cells preceding, and giving rise to the CD56dim NK cells .
Neuroimaging methods play an important role in the process of extending our understanding of brain structure and function. Despite the large number of neuroimaging studies conducted to delineate brain activations related to a wide range of cognitive functions, the fundamental issue of how the brain regions communicate to each other still remains open . In the context of this paper, we stress that in resting state studies, functional connectivity analysis commonly plays a central role  .
Alzheimer's disease , the most common cause of dementia in the elderly, is characterized pathologically by the deposition of β amyloid  plaques and neurofibrillary tangles in the hippocampus and cerebral cortex. Because only symptomatic treatments are now available, safe and effective mechanism based therapies are needed for this devastating neurodegenerative disease of later life. Experimental support of the “amyloid cascade hypothesis” has led investigators to identify and evaluate targets for anti amyloid therapeutic strategies, which are designed to reduce the amyloid burden in the brains of individuals with AD .
2 deoxy D glucose  is a glucose analogue which, when administered in vivo, can be taken up by cells through glucose transporters. Once intracellular, it undergoes phosphorylation catalyzed by hexokinase but, unlike glucose itself, does not undergo further metabolism but is trapped and accumulates within cells . 2DG has previously been used ex vivo to evaluate cellular function and metabolic activity, and non invasive methods of measurement of 2DG or similar molecules would be valuable for studies of glucose uptake in a variety of applications including assessments of tumors and other pathologies .
The preponderance of research addressing violence against women in the United States focuses on intimate partner violence, meaning physical or sexual violence perpetrated by male partners . The distressingly high level of intimate partner violence among women who use drugs is well established . Intimate partner violence is 3 times more common among women who use drugs than among other women  and appears to be particularly common among those women who have partners who also use drugs .
Asbestos fibers are a naturally occurring hydrated silicate mineral used for commercial applications. Exposure to asbestos typically occurs during mining and milling of the fibers or during industrial application of asbestos in textiles, insulation, shipbuilding, brake lining mechanics, and other areas. Asbestos has two primary classes: serpentine and amphibole.
The metabolic syndrome , a highly prevalent condition in the elderly, is associated with potentially reversible risk factors and with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular morbidity and mortality. MetS is also associated with inflammation and hormonal dysfunction,, which in turn are involved in the pathogenesis of anemia . Low hemoglobin levels are common in older subjects, and herald several adverse outcomes like mortality, disability and hospitalization.
Adaptive behavior requires the ability to maintain stable cognitive representations while remaining sensitive to novel information in order to modify behavior based on changing task contexts . These complementary mechanisms, referred to as cognitive stability and flexibility, form the core of cognitive control . Although the stability/flexibility framework is not typically applied to infant research, doing so may provide a link between the components of cognitive stability and flexibility that are available early in life and more complex cognitive control processes observed among older children and adults.
Floods have occurred in the recent past, including those during the monsoons of 1998, 2004, and 2007. In addition to flood related epidemics, Bangladesh faces seasonal diarrheal peaks resulting from an increased incidence of waterborne diseases, which are a cause of significant morbidity. , Clinical features of diarrheal diseases seen at health facilities tend to be more severe during floods.
Initially described by Dor in 1989 , endoventricular patch plasty  is used to reduce left ventricular  volume after myocardial infarction  and subsequent LV remodeling. The Dor procedure can be performed safely. , The authors speculated that improved systolic function was balanced by worsened diastolic function.
Brain development depends on a sequence of cellular and molecular events underlying the process of neuronal generation. Through this sequence, neuronal identity is restricted and defined. The generation of specific classes of neurons is a complex process that can be subdivided into a series of steps.
According to the U.S. National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute's  Asthma Guidelines, the goal of asthma treatment is to improve the quality of life  of people who have asthma, while working toward controlling symptoms, reducing the risk of exacerbations, and preventing asthma related death  . Most notably, past efforts to measure asthma QoL have resulted in tools that can confound QoL with symptoms , functional impairment , and control . Instead, the Subcommittee strongly recommended development of new instruments that incorporate the patient's perspective and are able to measure the impact of asthma on QoL as a construct that is distinct from asthma symptoms or functional status.
The development of new treatments for a disease requires knowledge of the molecular target of those treatments. Naringenin  is a member of the flavonone subclass of flavonoids, a large family of plant polyphenols. Naringenin is ingested mostly as naringin  and is available at relatively high doses  in grapefruit juice .
Birds, unlike mammals, have the ability to regenerate hair cells  following damage to the peripheral auditory organ, the basilar papilla   and  for reviews). Aminoglycoside antibiotics cause damage to both short and tall HCs over a region of the papilla extending from the base for a distance that depends on the dose administered and the duration of administration. Recovery of neural and behavioral thresholds after aminoglycoside treatment is correlated with HC regeneration.
Over the past decade, studies of animal models have transformed our understanding of cardiac embryology. In particular, the use of genetic cell lineage analysis, along with the ability to assess large numbers of specimens, has permitted the accurate tracking of distinct cellular contributions within the developing mouse heart. These findings have provided a framework for understanding cardiac development in man, where comparable studies are hampered by limited availability of specimens, and the impossibility of following cell lineage.
Diabetes is a metabolic disease that involves the death or dysfunction of the insulin secreting β cells of the pancreas. Although diabetes can be managed with insulin and other drugs, physiological glucose homeostasis is difficult to achieve by these means, and hyperglycemia is largely responsible for the co morbidities associated with diabetes. Consequently, much research on diabetes is aimed at understanding the molecular and cellular basis for pancreatic β cell development, survival, and regulated insulin secretion in order to discover ways to restore β cells or their functions in diabetic patients .
Ubiquitination is the process of tagging a target protein with ubiquitin  or a polyubiquitin chain as part of post translational modifications leading to regulatory roles such as protein degradation in the proteosome . The main function of E1 ubiquitin activating enzyme is to catalyse the adenylation of ubiquitin at the expense of one ATP molecule. Amongst the most promising inhibitors of p53 Mdm2 interaction in drug development are the highly potent imidazoline based Nutlin compounds   .
Thyroid hormones  are essential for the normal growth and development of the fetus with even minor perturbations in maternal thyroid status during early pregnancy being associated with neurodevelopmental abnormalities in children in later life . Since effects of maternal thyroid status impact on outcome at a time before development of the thyroid in the fetus, it is clear that supply of maternal THs across the placenta is critical to normal fetal development during pregnancy. Significant transport of maternal THs across the placenta is also evidenced by the finding of significant concentrations of serum T4 and T3 in neonates with congenital hypothyroidism and absent endogenous thyroid function  .
Iron plays an important role in central nervous system  myelination and inflammation. During development, a spatial temporal relationship exists involving iron accumulation by microglia and oligodendrocytes. Most iron is present within microglia during the first two weeks after birth; subsequently iron stores shift to oligodendrocytes, which become the major iron containing cells in the adult CNS .
Assessment of human cancer risk from environmental carcinogen exposures remains a challenging and inexact prospect. The magnitude of the problem is outlined in . Risk assessments based on this procedure can involve extrapolations several orders of magnitude below the actual experimental data.
Bladder cancer is the sixth most common cancer in the United States, with an estimated 72,570 new cases and 15,210 deaths in 2013 . Patients with NMIBC are treated by bladder sparing therapies and require frequent expensive surveillance but the disease is not life threatening. Bladder cancer is considered a clinically heterogeneous disease, with low grade NMIBC classified as non aggressive and genomically stable, while high grade NMIBC and MIBC classified as aggressive and genomically unstable  .
All trans retinoic acid  is the biologically active derivative of vitamin A. atRA has been considered a potentially promising chemotherapeutic agent, due to its pro apoptotic and growth suppressing activity. Previous results from our laboratory have demonstrated that atRA treatment of the ovarian carcinoma cell line CAOV3 results in >50% growth suppression. This results from arrest of the cell cycle during the G1 phase .
Dietary restriction  extends lifespan and slows aging across a variety of taxa and also causes myriad other physiological changes . To ascertain which of these processes affected by DR might be causally responsible for DR’s benefits, we have utilized genetic variation underlying a variety of physiological traits in the ILSXISS  series of recombinant inbred  strains of mice . The ILSXISS is one of the largest RI panels available in mice , which makes it advantageous for applying genetic approaches, similar to those that have advanced our understanding of aging in invertebrate models .
G protein coupled receptors  comprise a large family of integral membrane proteins that mediate signal transduction across the cell membrane. Structural models predicted in silico can provide insights to better understand ligand binding specificity and the activation mechanism of GPCRs . After the rhodopsin structure was solved in 2000, homology modeling and fragment based threading methods were applied to build models for GPCRs using the rhodopsin structure as the template.
Recent epidemiological studies have demonstrated a correlation between exposure to fine particulate matter and an increased incidence of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality . Unfortunately the mechanisms behind this correlation remain largely unknown. Ultrafine particles  have been reported to be particularly relevant pathologically due to their small size and high reactivity.
Parkinson’s disease  is a common neurodegenerative disorder characterized clinically by tremor, rigidity, bradykinesia, and postural instability, and pathologically by selective loss of dopaminergic  neurons in affected brain regions. Mutations in leucine rich repeat kinase 2  represent the most frequent cause of autosomal dominant and idiopathic PD identified to date . About thirty LRRK2 sequence variations have been identified .
Sorbitol is a sugar substitute often used in diet foods  and sugar free chewing gums. It also occurs naturally in many stone fruits and berries from trees of the genus Sorbus. Sorbitol can also aggravate irritable bowl syndrome and fructose malabsorption.
Angiosarcoma  is a rare, usually high grade malignant vascular endothelial tumor comprising less than 1% of all sarcomas. Histologically angiosarcomas vary from spindled to epithelioid morphology. CD30 is a 120 kD transmembrane glycoprotein and a member of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily member 8 .
The caries process is potentially preventable and curable. Light scattering in sound dental enamel decreases markedly in the near infrared  region and studies have shown that enamel has the highest transparency near 1310nm . The decay on the important occlusal surfaces can also be imaged employing an alternative NIR transillumination imaging configuration in which NIR light is delivered to the tooth from the buccal or lingual surface to diffuse upward through the dentin to provide uniform back illumination of the enamel of the crown .
Hsp70s are universally conserved and essential protein chaperones that protect proteins during stress and help proteins fold, cross membranes, assemble and disassemble into complexes and become degraded . In the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae several infectious amyloids  have been described that are transmitted between cells during mating and cell division . Changes in expression levels or function of any of several major chaperones or co chaperones can influence prion propagation .
Nanoparticle based in vivo diagnostic imaging is one part of the broad research field of nanomedicine that is currently the focus of numerous interdisciplinary research groups worldwide. Other contrast agents that are under development are based on other nuclei, for instance 19F, which is thought to be the most useful in functional MRI applications and for applications involving in vivo drug monitoring. , , As 19F contrast agents, fluorinated compounds, such as small molecule perfluorocarbons  with high fluorine content and a single fluorine resonance, have been utilized.
Cannabis is one of the most widely used psychoactive substances in the United States . Perceived risk of use is associated with substance use; the recent debate surrounding medicalization and legalization of cannabis in the U.S. has the potential to impact perceived risk of use. Recent estimates are needed to assess temporal changes in, and identify correlates of, perceived risk of cannabis use .
Collagen induced arthritis  is an established mouse model of human rheumatoid arthritis . Immunization with heterologous collagen type II in susceptible mouse strains results in autoantibody production to murine collagen type II, followed by autoantibody binding to joint cartilage, activation of the complement cascade, and inflammation resulting in tissue destruction . Both MHC and non MHC genes are implicated in disease susceptibility .
Numerous proteins that are critical to cellular function are synthesized endoplasmic reticulum  ribosomes, then folded and further post translationally modified in the ER lumen. Stresses that impede ER protein folding trigger the ER stress response  , a signaling system that has not been studied extensively in the heart. ER stress activates the transcription factors, X box binding protein  and activator of transcription 6 , which induce numerous ERSR proteins designed to restore efficient ER protein folding, which contributes to resisting the stress ,.
Mallory Denk Bodies , which are an intracellular deposition of misfolded protein in ballooned hepatocytes, consist of abnormally phosphorylated, ubiquitylated, and cross linked keratins or non keratin K18 and 8, and p62 components . Balloon hepatocytes forming MDBs are progenitor preneoplasia cells . In the DDC fed mouse model where liver cells proliferate, MDBs form and later, after DDC withdrawal, HCCs develop .
A number of epidemiologic studies have associated pre  and post natal exposure toambient air pollution with adverse respiratory outcomes. Post natal exposures to airpollutants, including particulate matter , ozone , nitrogen dioxide, carbon monoxide , and sulfur dioxide , have beenassociated with increased infant mortality, even in developed countries such as the UnitedStates, with the strongest associations for post neonatal respiratory mortality . Although a number of studies report increased risks of respiratory symptoms inearly life in association with air pollution exposure,, relatively few studies havespecifically examined early life respiratory infection  in relation to traffic related emissions.
Our objective was to determine the probability threshold for recurrent symptoms at which elective cholecystectomy compared to observation in older patients with symptomatic cholelithiasis is the more effective and cost effective option . We built a decision model of elective cholecystectomy vs. observation in patients >65 presenting with initial episodes of symptomatic cholelithiasis that did not require initial hospitalization or cholecystectomy. Probabilities for subsequent hospitalization, emergency cholecystectomy, and perioperative complications were based on previously published probabilities from a 5% national sample of Medicare patients.
In the kidney, the proximal tubule reabsorbs 6070% of filtered NaCl and fluid. Therefore changes in proximal tubule reabsorption can have profound effects on renal and body fluid balance and may contribute to the development of hypertension. The normal kidney protects against acute increases in blood pressure by excreting NaCl rapidly.
The number of incarcerations in the US has dramatically increased in recent years . Incarcerated women are affected by a myriad of difficult life circumstances, including poverty, unemployment, lack of education, and unstable housing conditions . Typically, their socioeconomic difficulties exist before their incarceration .
Antibody mediated injury has reached epidemic proportions in kidney transplantation. Recent studies suggest that antibody mediated rejection  is the most important cause of allograft loss following kidney transplantation . Around the same time, C4d, a degradation product of the complement pathway that binds covalently to the endothelium, was identified as a stable marker of anti donor humoral activity .
Dental caries are the result of acidification of dental plaque, mainly by oral lactic acid bacteria, most notably Streptococcus mutans, but also other acid producing plaque bacteria. Plaque acidification is not only damaging to teeth but also stressful for the acid producing organisms, which have developed a variety of means to moderate acid stress. Other environmental stresses, such as oxidative or starvation stress, may act in conjunction with acidification in causing damage.
The nuclear envelope, comprised of the inner and outer nuclear membranes , define the nuclear rim and separate the nucleus from the cytoplasm. B type lamins, subdivided into lamins B1 and B2, are products of individual genes . Reversible phosphorylation at conserved serines within lamin head and tail domains regulates the integrity of the nuclear lamina.
Clinical and epidemiological data has associated an inflammatory microenvironment with cancer development . Although each of the IL 6 family cytokines signals through a distinct receptor complex, they share the gp130 receptor subunit . OSM was originally identified based upon its ability to inhibit the proliferation of melanoma cells , an observation that has since been confirmed in breast cancer cells, lung cancer cells, glioma, and neuroblastoma .
Hereditary deafness is phenotypically and genetically heterogeneous affecting nearly 300 million people worldwide. Genetically, it has been estimated that ~1% of all human genes may be implicated in the etiology of hereditary deafness., To date, the molecular genetic etiology for approximately 100 deafness genes have been reported. The major challenges and goals in the field have been to identify all the genes containing mutations leading to deafness and to decipher the functions of the encoded protein in auditory and vestibular pathways.
The qualities of a self specific T lymphocyte that define its pathogenicity are incompletely understood. It may be presumed that affinity guides competition among self reactive T cells during autoimmunity, much as it does for pathogen specific T cells during infections. TCR affinity may have dual roles in defining a T cell's autoimmune potential.
Globally, the estimate of those with an active headache disorder is 46% of the adult population. Cervicogenic headache  is a type of headache causally associated with cervical myofascial tender spots or cervical spine dysfunction. The reported prevalence of CGH varies from 13.8% to 17.8% of the headache population in different epidemiological studies.
Great Danes  with cervical spondylomyelopathy  are most frequently affected by the osseous associated form, which is characterized by vertebral canal stenosis secondary to osseous proliferation of the vertebral arch, articular processes and/or pedicles . Magnetic resonance imaging  is the imaging modality of choice for dogs with suspected CSM  . The morphologic MRI features of GDs with osseous associated CSM have been described retrospectively .
Synthetic biology aims at engineering tunable gene circuits, with standardized components , whose properties then can be extensively studied by combining experiments and computational modeling. Experience gained in this way deepens our understanding of natural networks  and widens our perspective on building more complex networks for applications  . An important approach in synthetic biology is to screen through many alternative network designs, computationally or experimentally, to find a network capable of achieving a pre defined function.
When viewing a stimulus with two or more distinct interpretations, observers experience perceptual switches between the two alternatives. For both binocular rivalry and ambiguous motion displays, the dynamics of the perceptual alternations were found to be stationary . A well known ambiguity in the interpretation of two superimposed drifting gratings concerns their relative motion: as  shows, they may be perceived as sliding over each other in different directions  or as moving together as a single pattern .
Improving the quality of care in nursing homes has been a major theme in health care for over 30 years. In this vein, a number of structural and process characteristics of nursing homes have been examined over the years in terms of their relationship with quality. Characteristics such as facility size, ownership, chain membership, facility resources and culture, medical treatments offered, specialized care settings, and percent private pay have all been related to outcomes.
More than two thirds of individuals with psychiatric disabilities  receiving mental health services want to work . Thus, this population still faces major barriers to employment  . Moreover, a 10 year follow up study of SE indicated that only 30% of consumers felt that practicing job interviews was helpful , which suggests that SE’s approach to improving job interview skills may have limited effectiveness.
Major depressive disorder  carries a significant risk of suicidal behavior . Epidemiologic studies suggest that 15% of individuals with MDD have attempted suicide at some point in their life  and rates of 40% have been observed in clinical populations . The vast majority of our knowledge is drawn from clinical samples of depressed individuals.
Pathogenic HIV infection of humans and SIV infection of rhesus macaques  are characterized by progressive depletion of CD4+ T cells and development of a lethal state of immunodeficiency termed AIDS . In contrast, SIV infection of African nonhuman primate species that are natural hosts for the virus, such as the sooty mangabeys  and the African green monkeys , are typically nonpathogenic despite high virus replication . Interestingly, infection of CD4+ TCM seems to play a significant role in the persistence of reservoirs of latently infected cells in HIV infected individuals treated with antiretroviral therapy , and low levels of latent CD4+ TCM infection are present in HIV infected individuals that control virus replication either spontaneously  or after ART  .
Thymidylate synthases  catalyze the reductive methylation of 2′ deoxyuridine 5′ monophosphate  to form 2′ deoxythymidine 5′ monophosphate  in nearly all eukaryotes including humans. Thus, the genomes of thyA dependent organisms have always been found to contain folA as well, forming a TS DHFR coupled catalytic cycle that is essential for thymidine biosynthesis . FDTS is a homotetramer with four identical active sites, each of which is formed at an interface of three of the four subunits .
The p21 Ras family of monomeric GTPases function as molecular switches relaying signals from cell surface receptors to intracellular kinase cascades regulating cell proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis and senescence . Studies indicating identical in vitro effector activation profiles  implied that the isoforms were functionally redundant. A simple mechanism is through regulation of the cellular expression profiles but scant quantitative data exist for relative levels of cellular Ras protein expression .
Nicotine is the primary addictive component of tobacco smoke . Through interactions with nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  in the central nervous system , nicotine modulates various genes and cellular pathways in target neurons. Through its interaction directly or indirectly with these genes, pathways, and neurotransmitter systems, nicotine is involved in the regulation of various physiological processes , as well as the morphology and function of different organelles  .
As members of the sodium and chloride dependent neurotransmitter transporter gene family, serotonin  transporters  carry out the uptake of 5 HT across plasma membranes in the central nervous system, peripheral nervous system, placenta, platelets, and pulmonary system. , SERTs are targets of antidepressants and substances of abuse like cocaine and 3,4 methyl dioxy methamphetamine, commonly known as “Ecstasy.” Hydropathy analyses initially suggested that SERTs are integral membrane proteins with 12 α helices. ,, Several studies have identified amino acid sequence differences among SERT species that confer alternate specificities for substrates and inhibitors.
The deposition of β amyloid  in the form of diffuse , primitive , and classic  deposits is one of the pathological hallmarks of Alzheimer’s disease  and Down’s syndrome  . The frequency distributions of Aβ deposit size in AD and DS have a single peak  and are positively skewed, i.e. there are few deposits in the smallest size classes , maximum frequency occurs between deposit diameters of 20 and 40 μm , and the frequency of the larger deposits declines exponentially with increasing size . Two major processes have been identified:  addition and removal of protein molecules  and  diffusion of substances into a deposit  .
Initial investigations of cancer focused on the proximate causes of the disease ; however, more recent studies have addressed the ultimate causes behind the persistence of cancer . Xmrk is the predominant gene underlying disease progression and melanomas do not occur if this gene is disrupted . Several behavioral studies have highlighted the specific importance of melanin patterns in sexual selection  and found that the same phenotype can play a role in both mate choice and male male competition.
Physical activity in children is an important determinant of health   . While studies have examined the association between physical activity and environmental factors and sociodemographic factors, few studies have reported on the role of specific physical characteristics such as eyesight that might influence physical activity . Myopia, or short sightedness, has been estimated to affect 8.4% of 412 year olds in Australia and 9.2% of 517 year olds in the U.S.A.  Children from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children  were asked to wear a uniaxial accelerometer for seven days.
For decades, coronary artery bypass graft surgery  has been the treatment of choice for symptomatic patients with medically refractory multi vessel coronary artery disease  . The SYNTAX trial is the first randomized controlled trial comparing CABG with multi vessel percutaneous coronary intervention  utilizing drug eluting stents for multi vessel CAD . The combined primary endpoint was death, stroke, myocardial infarction or repeat revascularization at 12 months.
Kv2.1 channels are the principal component of sustained outward K+ currents  in hippocampus and cortex and are found in large, highly phosphorylated clusters on the soma and proximal dendrites of pyramidal neurons . It has been proposed that the cellular location of Kv2.1 channels allows for control of somatic sub threshold excitatory responses, and ultimately, regulation of action potential initiation . However, knock down of Kv2.1 channels increases excitability of CA1 pyramidal neurons only during high frequency, but not low frequency stimulation , suggesting that these channels function differently than typical delayed rectifier channels  .
The hunting spider Cupiennius salei Keys is a nocturnal predator that has been in focus of interest for a long time because of its excellent mechano sensory systems. For hunting and mating the spider depends mainly on its mechanosensory systems . Recent studies however, have shown that C. salei has also a well developed visual system .
During development, morphogenetic movements are induced and controlled by a variety of molecules such as growth factors or hormones and their receptors. These hormones regulate gene expression patterns required for development. αPS1 is a typical laminin binding type subunit while αPS2 is an RGD  binding type subunit.
Recently, a new concept is emerging that activation of the inflammasomes, in particular, the Nlrp3  inflammasome, plays a critical role in the development of vascular diseases . It has been known that the Nlrp3 inflammasome usually consists of three main components including Nlrp3 that functions as pattern recognition receptor, the adaptor protein, ASC  and inactive pro caspase 1 protein . This inflammasome serves as intracellular machinery responsible for the production of important pro inflammatory cytokines such as interleukin 1β  and interleukin 18  , thereby producing inflammatory response.
The peritrichs are classified into two assemblages : the free living Sessilida and the parasitic Mobilida with their characteristic adhesive disk. The Sessilida, which includes the species described here, comprises about 105  to 140  genera, showing the great diversity of the group. Although a comprehensive recent review is not available, these genera comprise at least 800 described species.
Nitric oxide , a ubiquitous cellular signaling molecule, is one of the most studied small molecules in biology due to its involvement in numerous biological processes such as vasodilation, neurotransmission and immune response . There is still much that is unknown about how NO production by nitric oxide synthase  is tightly regulated . The FMN binding domain and oxygenase domain are linked by a calmodulin  binding region.
In the United States, the prevalence of adolescents who are obese has more than tripled over the past thirty years, increasing from 5% in 1976 to over 18% in 2008 . With the high prevalence of adolescent obesity, identification of physiological and psychological factors associated with obesity has become a national priority . There has been debate over whether all obese individuals have disordered eating patterns.
Microparticles  are membrane encapsulated vesicles of less than 1 μm diameter shed by all types of cells, including platelets, red blood cells , leukocytes, epithelial cells of various tissue origins, as well as tumor cells . For these reasons MPs are regarded as indicators for cell injury, stress and thrombosis and are of particular interest for understanding the mechanisms of vascular pathology  . All agree that plasma should be separated immediately or as soon possible after blood collection .
Stroke is the 4th leading cause of death in the United States and the leading cause of long term disability. Over 7 million Americans have had a stroke . The American Heart Association predicts that by 2030, the direct cost of caring for stroke patients will triple from $61.55 billion to $183.13 billion, due in large part to increasing life expectancy, declining stroke related mortality and aging U.S. population.
c Myc is a transcription factor implicated in many cellular processes such as proliferation, and apoptosis  and is over expressed in most cancers . Phase II genes play a major role in chemoresistance by detoxifying anticancer drugs. The c Myc protein belongs to the basic helix loop helix leucine zipper protein family , and forms a dimer with the ubiquitously expressed protein Max.
Atrial fibrillation  is the most common sustained dysrhythmia, affecting over 2 million people in the United States. Preventing AF is a priority given the high lifetime risk for developing the condition, the projected increase in population burden, and the substantial morbidity and mortality associated with the disease. Identification and characterization of intermediate phenotypes for AF may identify high risk individuals prior to disease onset.
Survival after out of hospital cardiac arrest  varies widely betweencommunities. These differences reflectdifferences in the distribution of patient risk factors and severity of disease; thestructure and function of emergency medical services ; and the method of measuring theprocess and outcome of care. Experts developed and disseminated the Utstein template tostandardize methods of measuring care for patients with OHCA to improve the comparabilitywithin and between communities of reports of risk factors, quality of care and outcomesafter OHCA.
Pulmonary arterial hypertension  involves abnormal proliferation of pulmonary vascular cells, resulting in pulmonary arterial remodeling and obliteration of the pulmonary vascular lumen. Ultimate clinical outcomes include increased pulmonary vascular resistance and right ventricular  failure. However, despite these advancements, there is a clear need for better understanding of the mechanisms of the disease process, given the persistently high mortality rates in this patient population.
Electrical injuries represent a small proportion of the total burn injuries that occur in North America , . The mechanisms of thermal and electrical injury are inherently different. Thermal injury occurs from superficial to deep with the majority of injury apparent on clinical examination.
Sleep disorders are reported in Parkinson’s disease, Dementia with Lewy Bodies and Alzheimer’ Disease . Whilst the pathophysiology of sleep disorders in these diseases remains unclear, it has been linked with reduced hypocretin levels in other sleep disorders such as narcolepsy . Hypocretins 1 and 2,  are hypothalamic neuropeptides, initially identified and investigated as regulators of food intake but which have more recently been shown to stimulate wakefulness  .
Over the last two decades, neuroimaging experiments have substantially increased our knowledge of how the brain processes pain, both in health and disease . The vast majority of the studies published so far, however, predominantly focuses on brain activations, and tends to neglect brain deactivations . Nonetheless, some studies indicate that an investigation of deactivations might yield a fuller understanding of central pain processing.
Differences in both drinking patterns and alcohol related outcomes have been found in US comparisons of Hispanic, Non Hispanic white and Non Hispanic black race/ethnicity groups. Hispanic and black groups have been found to have more extreme drinking patterns relative to whites with higher levels of abstention, a higher proportion of heavy drinking among drinkers and less reduction of heavy drinking with age . The stability of heavy drinking among blacks moving into older age groups has been linked to substantially higher cirrhosis mortality rates relative to whites , a difference that also exists for Hispanics .
Breast cancer incidence and mortality varies widely among women of different population groups in the U.S. African American women have lower age adjusted incidence of breast cancer compared with European Americans . However, breast cancer incidence is higher in African Americans who are 35 years of age or younger . African American women are also diagnosed, on average, with later stage of disease, larger tumors, and are more likely to present with lymph node metastases at the time of diagnosis .
Anti N methyl D aspartate receptor  encephalitis is an immune mediated disorder that associates with IgG antibodies against the GluN1 subunit of the NMDAR. The antibody reactivity depends on the conformation of GluN1 expressed alone or in combination with GluN2  in HEK293 cells  and it is always detectable with immunohistochemistry of rat brain and with cultures of dissociated rat hippocampal neurons. Over the years we have studied anecdotal patients who had a clinical picture characteristic of anti NMDAR encephalitis but serum testing was negative in other laboratories.
Circadian  rhythms are driven by cell autonomous clocks that are generally composed of interconnected transcriptional and translational feedback loops . Studies using Drosophila have made seminal contributions to our understanding of clock mechanisms in general and those of animals in particular . In Drosophila, the major transcriptional negative feedback loop is comprised of dCLOCK  and CYCLE , that heterodimerize to activate the daily transcription of target genes, including the core clock genes period  and timeless , whose protein products participate in the repression of dCLK CYC mediated gene expression .
Microarray probes are designed to match the sequences of the target genes in the selected reference genome. This property is also fully utilized in the Affymetrix SNP Arrays, where each SNP is interrogated with approximately 40 different probes. used genomic DNA of Arobidopsis theliana to hybridize to RNA expression GeneChips.
It is generally accepted that GnRH is secreted in pulses from the hypothalamus . These pulses reach the pituitary through the portal vasculature and stimulate the release of LH and FSH, also in a pulsatile fashion. This was suggested when pulsatile release of GnRH was observed from isolated hypothalamic fragments and cultures obtained from hypothalamic tissue dispersions .
The tumor necrosis factor  receptorassociated factor  family of adaptor proteins promotes the activation of several transcription factors to induce immune and inflammatory responses, including nuclear factor kB , activator protein 1 , and interferon  regulatory factors 3 and 7 , which are especially important for innate immune antiviral function . Despite high sequence homology, TRAF proteins associate with different ligands and carry out nonredundant functions . TRAF proteins are recruited directly or indirectly by various pattern recognition receptors, whereupon they recruit additional factors that activate the inhibitor of kB kinase  complex to trigger NF kB activation .
Cardiogenic shock  complicates 58% of all cases of acute myocardial infarction  and is a common cause of death in patients hospitalized with MI An estimated 120,000140,000 patients in North America and Europe develop CS annually. Early revascularization  has a large, favorable impact on one year survival. However, not all patients receive early revascularization and there remains wide variability in mortality rates from CS with and without early revascularization and use of other support measures, from less than 30 to over 80%., Previous studies have identified patient, MI and treatment determinants of outcome,, Published risk models have primarily examined populations undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention  or participating in fibrinolytic trials.,, A robust risk model applicable to a broader group of shock patients would be useful not only for discussion of benefits and risks of therapeutic options with patients and families, but also for health care policies on resource utilization and in risk adjustment for outcome reporting from quality improvement programs.
Sleep characteristics that represent insufficient or poor quality sleep are associated with the development of coronary heart disease  and stroke in population studies. A number of pathophysiologic processes that are correlated with sleep and CHD could account for the relationship including inflammation, autonomic dysfunction,, endothelial dysfunction and insulin resistance. However, the contribution of the coagulation system is less well studied despite its plausibility as an alternative pathway .
As a pivotal part of the innate immunity, complement exists at high concentration in serum as well as in many other body fluids to fight against infections . When activated, complement activation products  opsonize their targets to enable efficient phagocytosis through interactions with complement receptors on phagocytic cells . At the same time, the terminal pathway of complement activation assembles membrane attack complexes , which lyses target cells by forming osmotic channels on cell surfaces .
A decade of studies using high throughput genomics and proteomics data revealed that cancer cells differ from normal cells in both RNA and protein contents. Presumably, a substantial part of this difference originates from gene expression regulators. Not surprisingly, a substantial number of tumor suppressor genes and oncogenes are in fact transcription factors .
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer and second leading cause of cancer death among African American women . Healthcare disparities have been documented across the spectrum of breast cancer detection and treatment: African American women are less likely to be diagnosed with early stage disease, less likely to receive breast sparing treatment, less likely to receive adjuvant treatment, and more likely to die compared to White women . African American women who undergo mastectomy are also significantly less likely to have breast reconstruction compared with White women in the US , an issue garnering increasing research attention and concern .
Angiogenesis, a process of new blood vessel formation, contributes to various physiological processes and pathological settings. ROS producing systems in vascular endothelial cells  are numerous including various NADPH oxidases, xanthine oxidase, the uncoupling of NO synthase as well as mitochondria . Recent data support that ROS generated from mitochondria significantly regulate EC function, , , .
The RAF MEK ERK protein kinase signaling cascade is a central pathway that regulates cell growth, proliferation, differentiation and survival in response to extracellular stimuli . Somatic mutations in B RAF, a member of the RAF kinase family, have been found in ∼6% of human cancer , with the highest incidence in malignant melanoma , papilliary thyroid cancer , serous ovarian cancer  and colorectal cancer  . The oncogenic B RAF V600E mutant has been shown to be important for tumor induction, growth, maintenance and progression, but the detailed molecular mechanisms remain to be elucidated  .
Most mortality in sub Saharan Africa  is currently due to communicable diseases, but WHO estimates that by 2030 noncommunicable diseases  will be the most common causes of death., As NCDs rise to account for 46% of all deaths by 2030, the SSA region will face a 64% increase in deaths due to NCDs  the largest percent increase of all regions. Many studies have documented the emerging burden of NCDs in rural and urban sub Saharan Africa, including rates of and risk factors for hypertension, stroke, diabetes mellitus, and ischemic heart disease. Recent meta analyses document the overall prevalence of hypertension in the general population to be 16.2%., In Uganda, cross sectional surveys defined hypertension as one elevated blood pressure reading, and found a prevalence of 27.2% in a mostly rural population, and 22% in a strictly rural population.
The relationship between inflammation and depression in humans and in animal models is well established. Individuals receiving immunotherapies have a higher incidence of depressive symptoms . Likewise, depressive phenotypes were observed in response to bacterial challenge .
CD4+ T cells have emerged as an important arm of immune system in combating tumors . CD4+ T cells could mediate tumor rejection by killing tumor cells via TRAIL, FasL or granzyme perforin dependent pathways, by up regulating MHC class I and II expressions on tumor cells, inhibiting tumor cell proliferation, promoting NK cell function, rescuing CTL from activation induced cell death, inducing angiogenesis inhibitors and recruiting macrophages/eosinophils via IFN γ mediated mechanisms . CD4+ T cells freshly purified, restimulated and/or activated in vitro or genetically modified in vitro have been used to investigate their role in antitumor immunity in multiple animal models .
Borderline Personality Disorder  is a serious, disabling condition with significant morbidity and mortality. Individuals with this disorder have high rates of both nonsuicidal self injurious behavior  and suicide attempts , and a completed suicide rate of approximately 10% . Although Borderline Personality Disorder is sometimes confused with or classified as a cyclical mood disorder , research suggests that it is a distinct disorder with a unique set of characteristic symptoms and traits , with a distinct illness course  and specialized treatment approaches .
One of the most interesting characteristics of synapses lies in their ability to differentially respond following variations in afferent input, a property known as synaptic plasticity. Functional AMPARs are heteromeric tetramers assembled from a combination of four different subunits . In addition to activity regulated insertion and removal from synapses, AMPARs constitutively cycle into the synapse .
Glioblastoma multiforme  is the most aggressive and fatal adult human brain cancer, and over 10,000 new cases are diagnosed in the United States each year. Molecular characterization suggests that there are 4 GBM subtypes, which are each associated with a unique set of genetic alterations and prognoses . This subtyping has increased interest in the development of therapies targeted to specific genetic alterations and which could be more effective than current approaches .
Obesity is now regarded as an epidemic on a worldwide scale, a consequence of nutritional and genetic factors . One major factor that predisposes obese individuals to infection is nutritional status . Saturated fatty acids  in particular are abundant in the ‘high fat Western diet’ and could contribute to immunosuppression .
There is a natural propensity for attention to be captured by threatening stimuli; however, individuals differ in the extent to which they selectively attend to threat cues in social environments. Over the past decade, a number of brain imaging studies have investigated the neural circuits involved in attentional control and processing threat signals. Data suggest that anxiety prone individuals may have an attentional bias toward threat signals, and be more vulnerable to emotional interference from such signals, and that this vulnerability may be associated with aberrant activation in frontal regions that are involved in higher order cognitive and/ or attentionemotion functions.
Mercury  in the environment is an increasing health concern. The levels of inorganic mercury  are elevated in the cerebellum of Alzheimer's disease patients . Therefore, inorganic mercury is an important form of mercury that contributes significantly to this heavy metal neurotoxicity and neurodegeneration .
Balanced facial growth is essential for a symmetric, well proportioned face and normal occlusion. However, little is understood about the etiological factors that account for the phenotype variations in craniofacial form . Clinical records are routinely obtained from patients seeking orthodontic treatment.
Speech consists of rapidly changing elements that require fine grained neural representation of temporal information, especially in background noise. Temporal cues are important components of auditory object formation , a necessary element of auditory stream segregation. It is well established that neural synchrony is degraded in noise, leading to delayed and reduced auditory evoked responses from cortical  and brainstem structures .
Uveal melanoma is the most common intra ocular malignancy. Although there are effective treatments for primary tumors in the eye, 50% of patients who develop large primary tumors develop metastatic disease and die within 615 months of diagnosis . Because there are no effective therapies for metastatic disease, we are exploring cell based vaccines as a therapeutic option.
Over the past two decades, the development of functional magnetic resonance imaging  technology has generated near exponential growth in neuroimaging research and its clinical applications . In 95% of event related studies containing a decision process , the duration of the decision period is assumed to be constant and is typically modeled by the convolution of a constant height, finite impulse function  positioned at event onset with a canonical hemodynamic response function  . This simplification is generally thought to have little or no impact on the results.
Hypophysiotropic thyrotropin releasing hormone  synthesizing neurons located in the medial and periventricular parvocellular subdivisions of the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus  control the hypothalamic pituitary thyroid  axis. These neurons integrate a variety of humoral and neuronal signals and mediate the effects of these inputs toward the pituitary gland. One of the major regulatory mechanisms over hypophysiotropic TRH neurons is the negative feedback effect of thyroid hormones which maintains euthyroid levels of thyroid hormone in the circulating blood.
Despite a proliferation of research on the experiences of same sex attracted or lesbian, gay, and bisexual  youth, contextual influences on these youths’ development are not fully understood . Among the countries participating in the International Social Survey in 2008, the Netherlands ranked highest in acceptance of same sex sexual behavior, with 69.6% of adults surveyed responding that same sex sexual behavior is “not wrong at all” . Acceptance of lesbian and gay people has also been found to be particularly limited in ethnic and religious minority communities .
The serum level of CA 125 is well established as a highly useful surrogate for monitoring the response to treatment and confirming relapse in women with epithelial ovarian cancer . However, the literature has focused on the more common ovarian cancer histologies, particularly the serous subtype  . The prognostic value of CA 125 for clear cell or mucinous ovarian cancers is less certain.
Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecological malignancy in the United States, with approximately 46,000 newly diagnosed cases and 8,100 related deaths in 2012 . Endometrioid adenocarcinoma, the numerically predominant histological tumor type, typically presents with stage 1 disease, which is an important factor in the overall favorable outcomes for these tumors . Most endometrial carcinomas appear to develop from precursors termed endometrial hyperplasia that progress over a period of years .
Interoception is the sense of the internal physiological and sensory status of the organism . An impaired ability to effectively monitor and modulate interoceptive status may result in emotional distress and contribute to the development of some forms of psychiatric illness . The current literature in PTSD often takes a regional focus which does not include the insula , however this area stands out in meta analysis .
Human brain maturation is a complex process that can now be examined in detail using in vivo neuroimaging techniques . Early neuroimaging investigations focused on region, lobe or total brain volumes . However, more recent studies have begun to examine brain structures using finer voxel wise resolution and temporal dynamics.
The nitrite anion  is biologically important, for example in denitrifying bacteria where it forms from nitrate  reduction catalyzed by a molybdoenzyme. It is noteworthy that unlike the CcO oxidase reaction, which involves four electrons, only one electron is required for the CcO nitrite reductase reaction. This follows our initial report on this type of chemistry showing a copper complex with coordinated nitrite anion reacts with a ferrous heme, producing nitric oxide.
Skin cancer is the most common form of cancer in the United States, with approximately 1 million new cases per year . Among three major types of skin cancer, melanoma is the most serious form. The most common type of skin cancer is basal cell carcinoma , followed by squamous cell carcinoma .
Infants, children, adults, and many non human animals are able to represent large numbers of objects, sounds, and events in an imprecise fashion, using the Approximate Number System . In contrast, the left angular gyrus  exhibits greater activation during a multiplication task compared to a number comparison or subtraction task . Further, the effect was robust to format, indicative of the highly conceptual nature of the proportions.
A considerable body of evidence suggests that painful conditions are often accompanied by alterations in cutaneous sensory perception. In some clinical conditions, widespread impairment of tactile sensitivity has been documented. Although the clinical presentations of these conditions differ, there is increasing recognition that systematic assessment of somatosensory perception in disorders characterized by persistent pain would greatly aid diagnosis and evaluation of treatment efficacy .
Acute compartment syndrome  is a condition which occurs when increased intramuscular pressure  within a closed fascial space impairs vascular perfusion to a point below the level necessary for muscle and nerve viability. ACS can be diagnosed based on clinical findings such as the 6 Ps: pressure, pain, paresthesias, paresis, pink skin, and presence of a distal pulse . Treatment of ACS relies on early recognition and timely fasciotomy to prevent irreversible muscle death and other complications, such as contracture or a devascularized limb requiring amputation.
Tissue recombination studies and genetic experiments in chick and mice demonstrated an intricate dependence of craniofacial and pharyngeal morphogenesis on signaling between the anterior mesoderm and the neural crest . At the genetic level, the expression of transcription factor Twist1 or activation of the canonical Wnt signaling in the cranial neural crest regulates patterning of the pharyngeal arch mesoderm in a non cell autonomous manner , while expression of Jagged 1 in the pharyngeal endothelial cells or VEGFR2, Fgf8 or Tbx1 in the anterior mesoderm regulates neural crest cell survival, migration, differentiation and patterning . Communications between the neural crest and anterior mesoderm play obligate roles in morphogenesis of the aortic arch arteries, a system of blood vessels that routes oxygenated blood to various destinations within the systemic circulation.
The rapidly growing field of metabolomics seeks to describe and understand the different metabolic states of an organism. The most common statistical approach for the analysis of metabolomic data is principal component analysis  and partial least squares discriminant analysis  . since 2001, where >45% of these papers use PCA, PLS DA or a comparable statistical tool.
The calcium sensing receptor  is in Family C/3 of the G protein coupled receptor superfamily . Mutations in CaSR cause human diseases of calcium handling. Although our understanding of the determinants of GPCR trafficking is incomplete, recent efforts have identified carboxyl terminal motifs which participate either in active ER export or retention/retrieval of nascent GPCRs .
Although statins provide 25% to 40% reduction in cardiovascular disease  events, there is considerable residual risk of CVD events with this therapy . Failure of recent trials  to provide evidence of additional clinical benefit by raising HDL C levels in addition to the conventional, statin based strategy, supports a recent meta regression analysis suggesting that simply increasing the amount of circulating HDL C with drugs does not reduce the risk of coronary heart disease events, coronary heart disease deaths, or total deaths . No agent, however, solely increases HDL C. For instance, niacin increases HDL C up to30% but concomitantly reduces LDL C, triglycerides, and lipoprotein, and small, dense LDL .
Children with sickle cell disease  are at markedly increased risk of infection from Streptococcus pneumoniae, which is estimated to be 300 to 600 times higher than the general population, due to functional hyposplenism. Historically, the estimated incidence was six episodes of invasive pneumococcal disease  per 100 patient years with a 25 35% case fatality rate. In the mid 1980's, the polyvalent polysaccharide S. pneumoniae vaccine  and prophylactic penicillin were shown to reduce the risk of IPD and were adopted as standard of care.
The retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein, Rb is a major regulator of multiple cellular processes including cell cycle, differentiation and apoptosis . The functions of Rb are impaired in majority of cancers by different mechanisms. These studies show that although Rb is a stable protein with a long half life, degradation of Rb by the proteasome may be a common pathway to overcome the growth inhibitory function of Rb during virus induced tumorigenesis.
Dengue virus  is maintained in a primarily anthroponotic cycle between humans and the Aedes aegypti mosquito . This saliva contains many pharmacologically important proteins that modulate host hemostasis and immune responses, which in turn facilitate blood feeding and virus transmission . aegypti saliva has been shown to contain allergenic proteins .
The cricopharyngeus  muscle is comprised of the transverse fibers at the caudal portion of the inferior pharyngeal constrictor and is the primary location of the upper esophageal sphincter . At rest it is tonically contracted and relaxes with deglutition. CP dysfunction occurs when the muscle does not appropriately relax during swallowing due to neurogenic dysfunction or fibrosis.
Among coccal green algae, only a few genera show multinucleate  vegetative cells. The occurrence of such stages is likely due to a prolonged cell cycle, where after nuclear division no simultaneous sporogenesis takes place. Coenocytic coccal green algae are mainly isolated from soil and aeroterrestrial habitats, and reports on their development in cultures are sparse .
Hepatocellular carcinoms  is the fifth most prevalent cancer in the world and is the third leading cause of cancer related death with annual death rate exceeding 500,000. The high mortality is due to late stage detection of this cancer when most of the therapies available are not effective . In addition, metastatic liver tumor arises from colon, prostate or breast carcinomas.
Airborne particles below 2.5 μm in diameter, PM2.5, are associated with increased morbidity and mortality. The smallest of these particles, below about 100 nm in diameter, are associated with the emerging field of nanotechnology, and the occupational health risks associated with manufacturing and using nanomaterials . Complete, uninterrupted data sets are needed to resolve airborne particle sources, to better understand transport and transformation mechanisms, to evaluate their impact on health and visibility, and to elucidate their role in global climate.
Malignant Melanoma remains among the most life threatening of all cancers, and its incidence has been rising dramatically in the last decades. Despite great progress in understanding the genetics and biochemistry of malignant melanoma, patients with metastatic disease have very few treatment options available. Each of the steps of the metastatic cascade is rate limiting.
Concurrent cisplatin based chemo radiotherapy constitutes the standard treatment for locally advanced cervical cancer. However, administration of cisplatin may result in hematological, gastrointestinal, renal toxicity and neuropathy. In laboratory studies, rigosertib has been shown to induce mitotic spindle abnormalities and abnormal centrosome localization.
Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder  is commonly diagnosed during childhood, affecting around 8% of school aged children worldwide . Despite its well documented efficacy in the control of ADHD related symptoms , little is known about the long term consequences resulting from early life exposure to MPH  . Similar to the neurobiological actions of cocaine and amphetamine , MPH increases dopamine in brain reward related regions, namely the ventral tegmental area  and the nucleus accumbens  , enhances locomotor activity , and regulates sensitivity to abused drugs .
Three distinct, yet inter related, stimulatory signals are required for the activation and differentiation of naïve T cells into cytokine producing effector T cells . Although naïve T cells likely receive these stimulation signals concurrently during contact with antigen presenting cells in a coordinated fashion, each signal has also been shown to individually control unique facets in T cell activation, proliferation, and differentiation. In this regard, a growing list of specific cytokines that includes IL 6, IL 12, IL 21, type I IFNs, and TGF β have each been demonstrated to provide additional stimulation signals that controls the expansion, survival, and differentiation program of newly activated CD4+ and CD8+ T cells .
Cytotoxic aggregates arising from the misfolding of the 140 residue intrinsically unstructured protein α synuclein  have been implicated in the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease, the second most common neurodegenerative disorder in humans. In a process common to many neurodegenerative diseases, misfolding commences with the formation of small soluble oligomers , which proceed to yield larger protofibrils and eventually form insoluble cross β sheet fibrils. , Several avenues have been pursued to elucidate the molecular basis of aS misfolding.
Intravesical administration of zymosan in adult rats leads to a time dependent increase in urinary bladder inflammation  and a significant enhancement of abdominal muscle electromyographic  and arterial blood pressure  responses to urinary bladder distension  when compared to controls . This inflammation induced bladder hypersensitivity is being suppressed by endogenous opioids because either intraperitoneal  or intrathecal  administration of naloxone at the time of UBD testing significantly increases the magnitude of EMG responses when compared to controls . The opioid inhibitory effect may be under descending control of the RVM since electrical stimulation of the RVM inhibits the VMR to UBD and is partially mediated by spinal opioids.
Previous cross sectional research has indicated that larger discrepancies between measured and self identified good weight  have been associated with greater dieting frequency, increased snacking, yo yo dieting, physical inactivity, tobacco use, and alcohol consumption . Although this concept of weight discrepancy has not been validated against measures of weight dissatisfaction, similarities do exist. For example, weight dissatisfaction also has been associated with poor eating habits , increased tobacco and alcohol consumption, diagnosed mental illness, poorer self perceived health, and stress  .
Although the human genome is thirty times larger than that of Caenorhabditis elegans, each species is endowed with a similar number of protein coding genes, a fact seemingly in support of an abundance of “junk DNA” within our genome. These findings, coupled with the notion that much of the human genome is functional with 50%90% comprising transcribed sequences, , debunk the concept of “junk DNA” and point to a genome replete with information essential for human life . These ncRNAs are classified subjectively as either short  or long .
During a systematic search for peptides recognized by CD8+T lymphocytes and encoded by alternative positive strand open reading frames  of the influenza A virus  strain A/PR/8/34  , Chen et al. reported the existence of a novel 87 aa protein representing the eleventh defined IAV gene product. Since this protein is encoded by the second  ORF of the PB1 gene, it was designated PB1 F2. Without exception, human H1 isolates from 1918 to 1988 encode full length PB1 F2.
Intraocular inflammatory disease or uveitis is a major cause of visual handicap in the United States, causing an estimated >100, 000 new cases of ocular morbidity per year and 10% of the new cases of legal blindness . It has been generally accepted that non infectious uveitis is an autoimmune disorder predominantly mediated by T helper cells . Earlier studies on humans as well as in animal models demonstrated that Th1 mediated autoimmune responses play a pivotal role in this disease .
Chronic kidney disease  is associated with an increased risk of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and intrauterine growth retardation . Data regarding the impact of reduced glomerular filtration rate  on pregnancy in women with a single kidney has primarily come from studies in kidney transplant recipients . In regard to kidney donors, two small series suggested that pregnancy after kidney donation was not associated with an increased risk of adverse fetal or maternal outcomes .
The structure of amyloid fibrils is of considerable interest because of the many debilitating diseases that are associated with amyloid formation. Accordingly, a wide range of techniques has been used to investigate these structures, including X ray diffraction, electron microscopy, and magic angle spinning  NMR spectroscopy . Even though the constraints provided by MAS NMR are generally more precise  than those available in solution state NMR , it remains important to have 5 or more constraints per residue if the resulting structure is to be of reasonable resolution.
T1 weighted dynamic contrast enhanced  MRI has in recent years been widely utilized in studies of many different types of cancer , frequently for purposes of diagnosis  and assessment of the effectiveness of antiangiogenic therapies . The analytical approach is more sophisticated, and also the more desirable. Unlike the first two approaches, analytical modeling of DCE MRI data extracts pharmacokinetic parameters that are in principle independent of data acquisition details mentioned above.
There have been multiple studies in the last decade linking mental health to neighborhood factors . Neighborhood social factors are measured in multiple ways. Many studies measure neighborhood social factors objectively either through census data or utilizing objective ratings of neighborhoods by outside observers.
Several studies have reported that live cultured cancer cells exposed to anticancer drugs or to anti Fas antibodies undergoing apoptosis and cells at certain stages of proliferation and cell cycle show an increase in the proton nuclear magnetic resonance  signal corresponding to the so called mobile lipids  represented mostly by triacylglycerides. This signal is attributed primarily to the methylene group  of fatty acyl chains, ,  at 1.3 ppm. ML apparently come from intracellular lipid bodies or membrane microdomains during the ongoing metabolic changes associated with programmed cell death, .
Port wine stains  are primarily venous micro vascular malformations of the skin that commonly occur on the face. PWS begin as thin macular lesions in infancy and early childhood and tend to thicken and darken with age due to decreased sympathetic innervation that produces progressive vessel ectasia. Skin lesion depth ranges from 1 to 5 mm  .
Anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction that is rapid in onset and may cause death. Epinephrine is the drug of choice for the treatment of anaphylaxis. Children with food induced anaphylaxis may require more than one dose of epinephrine.
The circadian timing system governs daily  rhythmic processes via information that stems from a molecular mechanism which is classically modeled as a cell autonomous oscillator. That model features transcriptional and post transcriptional elements forming interlocked loops . Furthermore, different pacemaker cells may be functionally divisible by their inherent rhythmic properties and may normally operate within functionally distinct oscillator sub groups .
The Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical  classification system is a drugclassification system developed by the World health Organization  Collaborating Centrefor Drug Statistics Methodology in Norway. ATC groups drugs “according to the organor system on which they act and their therapeutic, pharmacological and chemicalproperties.” Traditional uses of ATC have included pharmacoepidemiologic studies. For example,ATC has supported the analysis of prescription drug costs  and use of drugs in various populations .
Venous thromboembolism  occurs disproportionately among older adults . The reasons likely involve increases in both intrinsic blood coagulation potential that occur with age and presence of acquired co morbid conditions that predispose to thrombosis, such as obesity, surgery, cancer, and immobility . Family studies suggest the existence of genes that jointly influence thrombosis susceptibility and plasma coagulation and fibrinolytic factor levels .
In 2006, The University of Texas, M D Anderson Cancer Center started treating patients at the newly built Proton Therapy Center in Houston  . The facility utilizes three identical passive scattering nozzles. Two are mounted on rotational gantries, and the other one is mounted in a fixed horizontal orientation.
In the adult brain, active neurogenesis occurs constitutively in two defined regions: the subgranular zone of the hippocampus and the subventricular zone  lining the lateral ventricles . Activated microglia, usually dormant, contribute to neuronal loss by enhancing oxidative stress and mediating cell apoptosis pathways . Brain inflammation also contributes to neural stem cell dysfunction and plays a detrimental role for neurogenesis in adult brain .
Young infants vary in their patterns of responsiveness to unfamiliar events. Some of this variation has an origin in one or more temperamental biases. Previous work suggested that variation in motor activity and fretting/crying in response to unfamiliar events reflects the two temperamental biases called high and low reactivity, which, in turn, predict inhibited or uninhibited behavior in the second year .
Impotence, or erectile dysfunction , is a major complication of type II diabetes, and many diabetic men with ED are refractory to common ED therapies . Twenty two 10 week old male fatty type II diabetic ZDF rats underwent weight and blood glucose measurement every 2 weeks. At age 22 weeks, all animals underwent unilateral CN electrostimulation and ICP measurement to confirm impotence, and paragonadal adipose tissue  was harvested and digested to yield 1.5 million ADSC.
Surgical autogenous arteriovenous access  is the preferred method of access for hemodialysis, with improved patient survival, fewer infectious complications, longer patency and reduced costs relative to arteriovenous bridge grafts and catheters). However, creation of the AVF carries a frustratingly high failure to mature rate. Approximately 60% of AVFs do not mature to the point of usability for dialysis, resulting in further procedures and interventions for patients.
Musculoskeletal disorders  are a leading work related health issue among construction workers, but determining the true burden of morbidity associated with work activities is difficult within current surveillance and medical insurance systems. There is growing evidence that work related injuries and illnesses are under reported due to both employer and employee factors; studies have shown cost shifting of work related claims to private or public health insurance programs. Shifting of claims from work related coverage to other sources places the burden of disease on workers and their families and shifts attention to managing the disease rather than focusing prevention efforts on work related causes .
What is the relationship between color categories and color discrimination? Is discrimination better across a category boundary  than it is within a category? For a Russian speaker, these two categories differ in hue and lightness and there is no general word for ‘blue’.
The heart and gut are electromechanical organs both designed to move content efficiently and effectively. Disruption of this process results in disease. Chronic intestinal pseudo obstruction  can be viewed as an insufficiency of the “intestinal pump” similarly to chronic heart failure.
Under solution conditions where protein stability appears to be optimized to minimize protein aggregation in bulk solution, aggregates and particles can form. Recently, the potential for silicone oil to induce aggregation and particle formation has been of great concern in the industry because of efforts to develop therapeutic protein products in prefilled syringes. Silicone oil is applied to cartridges and barrels of plastic and glass syringes to facilitate smooth and easy movement of plungers within the barrels.
Adolescence is a time of physical, educational, social, and psychological change . In his widely cited theory of psychosocial development,  defined adolescence as critical for identity development, arguing that a successful navigation of this period results in “identity achievement,” whereas failing to develop a coherent sense of self leads to “role confusion.” Ultimately, those who effectively develop their identity demonstrate commitment to societal standards and those who do not are likely to reject mainstream values and beliefs, potentially leading to destructive behaviors or negative affiliations. Recent research on adolescent identity development has linked a coherent sense of oneself and one's place in the world with school attendance, graduation, and academic achievement, particularly for youth who are members of non dominant racial/ethnic groups  .
Vector control remains the most effective method in combating the spread of the mosquito Aedes aegypti, the primary vector of dengue virus. About 50 to 100 million cases of dengue fever occur each year, resulting in more than 20,000 deaths . The Caribbean Epidemiology Centre  recommends sustainable control strategies including elimination of non essential water holding containers and covering water storage containers to prevent Ae.
Coinfections with different pathogens  affect about one third of the human population . In some cases, chronic viral infections are beneficial to host immune responses to bacterial and viral coinfections . Thus, one mechanism by which pathogens may suppress immunity to heterologous infections is through impaired recruitment and activation of naïve T cells during a coinfection  .
Apical support for the uterus and upper vagina is provided by the cardinal  and uterosacral  ligaments . These ligaments are critical in pelvic organ prolapse  as, in addition to apical prolapse, they are strongly related to anterior vaginal wall descent ; the most common form of POP being present in 8387 % cases . Importantly, the anterior vaginal wall is the site of failure in 72 % of recurrences .
Serrated polyps of the colorectum are comprised of hyperplastic polyps , sessile serrated adenomas , and traditional serrated adenomas  . HPs are characterized by an average size <0.5 cm, a predominantly left sided location, and the lack of neoplastic potential. Unlike HPs, SSAs are notable for irregularly shaped crypts that widen towards the muscularis mucosae in association with basilar crypt branching, papillary formations, and an irregularly distributed proliferation zone .
Advances in the clinical care of children with sickle cell anemia , such as earlier diagnosis, penicillin prophylaxis, folate supplementation and hydroxyurea therapy have reduced morbidity and mortality related to this disease . Suboptimal growth, however, remains a significant clinical problem. Compared to their healthy peers, studies suggest that children with SCA are smaller and have delayed pubertal development.
Statistics is an essential training component for a career in clinical and translational science . Given the increasing complexity of statistics, learners may have difficulty selecting appropriate courses. Our question was: what depth of statistical knowledge do different CTS learners require?
Although the extracellular matrix  was classically viewed as an inert scaffold onto which cells are organized into organs and tissues, studies in recent decades have established the ECM as dynamic structures that can profoundly influence diverse aspects of cellular behavior and function . Recent studies have recognized that fragments of ECM proteins generated due to tissue injury and inflammation, and dynamic changes in the ECM in these contexts, can significantly regulate the inflammatory response . Normally soluble matrix proteins from the blood plasma, including fibrinogen, plasma fibronectin, and vitronectin enter inflamed tissues as a result of vessel damage and become immobilized at sites of injury.
High level of co morbidity among urinary and gastrointestinal disorders suggests an existence of pathways connecting and concurrently coordinating the function of several pelvic organs. Functional pelvic disorders are distinguished by chronic pelvic pain of unknown etiology and may develop as a result of cross sensitization in the pelvis . The mechanisms underlying visceral organ “cross talk” are still unclear but suggest involvement of convergent neural pathways in the central and autonomic nervous systems  .
In the adult vertebrate, particular neural populations are continually replaced throughout adulthood whereas other neuron types presumably persist more or less for the lifespan of the organism . In some brain regions, the number of incoming neurons compensates for the number of "replaceable" neurons that die . In other systems, or under different conditions, neuron addition need not balance neuron death .
Inflammatory bowel disease  is a term describing two complex diseases: Crohn’s disease  and ulcerative colitis . IBD primarily affects people living in industrialized countries. The precise causes are still unknown but different environmental factors, ranging from geographic location to lifestyle, hygiene and gut flora, have been proposed .
Although the outcome of traumatic brain injury  is clearly influenced by sex , the mechanisms involved are poorly understood. Cycling females typically show less cerebral edema than males and pseudo pregnancy in females gives even greater protection . Based on the action of the omega 3 fatty acid in protecting the brain against the effects of TBI , we focused our current studies on the influence of n 3 fatty acids on progesterone treatment for TBI.
Chlorine is a reactive gas used in a variety of industrial processes, including the production of plastics, solvents, paper products, and purified drinking water. Chlorine is considered a chemical threat because of the large amounts that are produced and transported in the U.S., its ease of acquisition, and its acute toxicity . Toxic exposures have also occurred through accidental chlorine release in industrial settings  and as a result of train derailments during transport .
Obesity is associated with increased incidence of cardiovascular disease, notably including hypertension . In addressing issues related to regulation of arterial BP and heart rate , we have found that challenging an animal using a sudden, carefully controlled classical aversive  conditioning paradigm yields considerable insight into autonomic nervous function . The purpose of the present study, accordingly, is to apply this methodology to evaluate the control of the arterial BP and HR conditional response in young  obese Zucker rats vs. lean animals before and after pharmacologic autonomic blockade.
Dantrolene is a direct acting skeletal muscle relaxant that exerts its effects by dissociating excitation contraction coupling in muscle via inhibition of the release of calcium from intracellular storage sites within the sarcoplasmic reticulum. In dogs, dantrolene is also excreted through the urinary and biliary systems, primarily as 5 hydroxydantrolene  . Clinically, dantrolene is most commonly known for its use as a life saving antidote to the muscle hyperexcitability associated with malignant hyperthermia, and has a well documented efficacy in the treatment of this condition in humans, horses, dogs, and swine .
The yellow oleander tree  is common through much of the tropics and subtropics. Poisonings are reported widely, but it is only in South Asia that ingestion of oleander seeds has become a popular means of self harm. Many cardenolides have been identified in yellow oleander, predominantly thevetin A and B, but also peruvoside, neriifolin, thevetoxin, ruvoside, and theveridoside.
The importance of thermoregulation in the testis is illustrated by the fact that slight increases in temperature can disrupt spermatogenesis and ultimately cause problems with fertility . In addition, the temperature within the testis is regulated by a countercurrent heat exchange system between the pampiniform plexus and the testicular artery. Any disruption to this system may cause problems with spermatogenesis .
Non invasive imaging methods such as MR angiography , CT angiography  and Doppler ultrasound  are used to assess renal vascular health in order to guide clinical judgements regarding management of people with kidney disease. Transplant perfusion is assessed using measures of resistive and perfusion index. Ultrasound contrast agents are composed of high molecular weight gases encapsulated in an albumin, polymer or lipid shell.
It has been estimated that nearly 5.3 million incidents of intimate partner violence  occur every year in the United States to women ages 18 and older resulting in nearly 2 million injuries and 1,300 deaths . IPV has been linked with both immediate and long term health, social, and economic consequences. Social consequences of IPV can include women being isolated from their social networks and restricted from access to services due to controlling behavior and restriction of activities by the abusive partner.
The V regions of actively transcribed Ig genes undergo physiologically induced and regulated sequence diversification, which expands and modulates the repertoire for antigen recognition and provides a dynamic response to infection by pathogenic microorganisms . V region diversification produces two distinct mutagenic signatures: somatic hypermutation introduces nontemplated single base changes, while gene conversion uses upstream pseudo V  gene segments as templates for mutagenesis . Gene conversion is the primary source of diversity in the pre immune antibody repertoire of chicken and other fowl.
Intrinsic apoptotic pathways that respond to cytotoxic stress, including DNA damage, activate a hierarchical series of caspases that disassemble cells without inciting inflammation in bystanding cells. Permeabilization of mitochondria is seminal to the regulation of cell death induced by cytotoxic or genotoxic stress . Among the most important proteins released from mitochondria is cytochrome c. One established paradigm, supported by abundant evidence, holds that cytochrome c exits through a permeability transition pore composed of the outer mitochondrial membrane protein VDAC1 , the inner mitochondrial membrane protein ANT , and the inner membrane associated protein cyclophylin D .
Dendritic macromolecules encompass several subclasses of molecular compounds. reported on the synthesis of heterobifunctional dendritic polyesters. In some of these dendrimers designed for therapeutic applications,,,,,, in vivo studies showed that they seldom reach their target because of their cytotoxicity and their uptake by the reticular endothelial system.
Central sensitization is a fundamental mechanism underlying the increased excitability of nociceptive pathways following peripheral tissue injury and inflammation and is reflected in increases in nociceptive neuronal spontaneous activity, mechanoreceptive field  size, and responses to noxious mechanical stimuli and in decreases in mechanical activation threshold . The brainstem trigeminal subnucleus caudalis has many morphological and functional similarities with the spinal dorsal horn and indeed is nowadays often termed the medullary dorsal horn , and previous findings have documented that central sensitization can be induced in MDH nociceptive neurons by application to the tooth pulp of the inflammatory irritant and small fibre excitant mustard oil  . In this acute dental inflammation model, we also documented that glutamatergic and purinergic mechanisms and non neuronal cells  in MDH are involved in this central sensitization  .
Hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy  is a syndrome of disturbed neurologic function that occurs secondary to decreased blood oxygenation or diminished brain perfusion as a result of an asphyxic event in the perinatal period. The incidence of HIE is estimated to be 1.5 per 1000 live births. Neuronal death occurs in 2 phases following a hypoxicischemic event: a primary phase consisting of immediate neuronal death, related to cellular hypoxia and exhaustion of cellular energy supply, and a secondary phase that begins after a 6 hour period of latency.
For many decades, the central tenet of radiation biology was that the biological effects of ionizing radiation occur only in cells that are directly hit by radiation. While these effects were mainly observed after exposure to high linear energy transfer  radiations, they were also observed after low LET radiation exposures . Thus, while the phenomenology of radiation induced bystander effects is well established, the underlying molecular/biochemical events are not fully understood .
Cortical inhibitory interaction at the columnar level has functional significance in many basic brain functions including general principles of cortical circuitry and local neural processing, and particular mechanism and architecture underlying the processing of complex sensory input . The short range inhibition between neighboring columns with different orientation preferences, on the other hand, is engaged in providing contextual information about the visual scene  or may be closely related to cross orientation inhibition  and sharpening the orientation column tuning response . Recent publications also suggest that mutual inhibition between the two monocular neuron populations in human V1, presumably left eye ocular dominance columns  and right eye ODCs, plays a key role in binocular rivalry .
Traumatic brain injury  is characterized by physical brain injury as a result of acceleration deceleration, resulting frequently from impact with an immobile object that often leads to cognitive deficits and impairment of behavior. Unlike casualties suffering from moderate to severe TBI, victims diagnosed with mild TBI remain conscious, and typical symptoms include headache, confusion, dizziness, memory impairment, and behavioral changes. Re exposed to multiple blasts wave pressure, which has become a major challenge for military healthcare system.
Exposure of the ovarian surface epithelium to elevated gonadotropin levels has been proposed to play a deleterious role in ovarian carcinogenesis. The hypothesis is largely based on observations in animal models in which various means of increased production of gonadotropins  was associated with ovarian tumor development. In humans, epidemiologic evidence in support of this hypothesis includes the decreased risk observed with oral contraceptive use, pregnancy, and possibly lactation.
The amount of myocardial perfusion required for successful defibrillation after prolonged cardiac arrest is not known. Coronary perfusion pressure  is a surrogate for myocardial perfusion. One limited clinical study reported that a threshold of 15 mmHg was necessary for return of spontaneous circulation , and that CPP was predictive of ROSC.
Obesity now affects approximately one third of Americans and is associated with many comorbidities, including an increased risk of death from cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer. The rapid increase in obesity and its sequelae is a worldwide phenomenon. However, lifestyle modifications that sustain success have been difficult to implement in a widespread manner.
When will computers beat humans in protein structure prediction? Or are there still any human insights that cannot be reproduced in automated approaches? During the CASP experiments, several groups  demonstrated that the interventions by human experts, who made use of biochemical information , can indeed help with template recognition, structural assembly, and final model selection.
Impaired social interaction is one of the three core symptoms of the Autism Spectrum Disorders  . Evidence supporting this hypothesis comes from neuroimaging studies reporting weaker mirror system responses in ASD individuals, compared with typical control individuals, during movement observation, execution, and imitation tasks. Accurate perception and interpretation of an observed movement requires the ability to distinguish it from other movements by representing it with a unique neural response.
Ceruloplasmin  is a 151 kDa glycoprotein that is predominantly synthesized in the liver . Ceruloplasmin transports over 95% of the body’s copper, an essential cofactor for cytochromes and enzymes. Over the past decades, Cp became increasingly recognized as a multi functional metalloprotein besides maintaining copper homeostasis.
Glioblastoma multiforme or GBM is the most common form of human primary malignant brain tumors . Despite maximum treatment including radio  and chemo therapy, the prognosis of GBM remains dismal with median survival of around 14 months and five year survival only about 3% . The 14 members of Eph receptor tyrosine kinases and their membrane anchored ligands called ephrins play important roles in a diverse array of developmental, physiological and disease processes .
Mild cognitive impairment , considered to be the earliest detectable form of Alzheimer’s disease , converts to AD at the annual rate of 1015% . Post translational modification of brain proteins, specifically nitration, is reported in both MCI and late stage AD . Protein nitration is an important oxidative modification in neurodegenerative disease .
Formaldehyde and goods containing this chemical reportedly account for more than 5% of the yearly US Gross National Product , which is about $500 billion. At the same time, a large number of workers are exposed to formaldehyde in their workplaces . A significantly greater number of people are exposed to lower levels of formaldehyde in the environment, as it is generated by automobile engines , is present in tobacco smoke, and is released from various household products such as plywood, particleboard, furniture and carpeting  .
Leptin is an adipocyte derived hormone which controls feeding behavior through specific receptors within the hypothalamus . Leptin receptors have been identified in peripheral tissues and in neurons in many brain regions, including at a high density in the hippocampus , which is particularly vulnerable in Alzheimer’s disease  . Recent studies have demonstrated the potential beneficial effects of leptin as an AD therapeutic .
Health care associated infections  represent 5% of all adverse events in hospitalized patients in the US. Approximately one third of HAI related deaths are attributable to bloodstream infections , the majority of which are central line associated bloodstream infections . CLABSIs result in increased mortality, morbidity, hospital length of stay and cost.
Cytochrome P450  comprises a superfamily of enzymes and plays an important role in the oxidative metabolism of a large number of endogenous and exogenous compounds . CYP3A activity has been shown to display 10  to 100 fold variation among individuals , which may influence drug response and toxicity. Low drug clearances mediated by impaired CYP3A4 would invoke unexpected side effects or drug interactions with co administered food or medicines.
CD8+ T cells are an important component of the immune response to both intracellular pathogens and tumors due to their ability to recognize and eliminate individual cells expressing the target antigen. Therefore, it is imperative to identify mechanisms that regulate the magnitude of the CD8+ T cell response in order to better understand the immune response to infection and to optimize vaccine strategies . Previous studies have highlighted several factors that influence the magnitude of a given epitope specific CD8+ T cell response, including recent results demonstrating a correlation between the frequency of naïve T cell precursors and the number of cells that accumulate at the peak of the response .
Adverse remodeling of the left ventricle  following myocardial infarction  is a significant cause of congestive heart failure. While short term post MI survival has dramatically improved over the past decades, there remains a need to develop therapeutic strategies to limit or prevent the progression to heart failure. A significant MMP involved in ECM degradation and LV remodeling is MMP 9.
Mexicans are the largest group of immigrants in the U.S. They encounter problems with accessing health care services due to a lack of health insurance and accessible providers, language and cultural barriers, immigration status, and inadequate information . Immigrants who experience difficulty in accessing regular medical services use different strategies to obtain needed care, including self medicating, using home remedies and seeking care from traditional and alternative healers .
The availability of multiple drugs specific for HER 2  has revolutionized the treatment of HER 2+ metastatic breast cancer  . However, not all patients benefit and survival gains could be further enhanced. Innovative therapies that complement and synergize with these drugs are urgently needed to improve disease outcomes .
Hormonal end products of the HypothalamicPituitaryAdrenal  and HypothalamicPituitaryGonadal  axes share many of the same properties, including similar  circadian rhythm profiles characterized by a general decline across the daytime hours . Furthermore, these two axes are highly interactive, with empirical evidence in adults and animal studies indicating that increased activity in one axis suppresses activity in the other axis . The field has begun to acknowledge the benefits of examining multi system interactions given that various systems within the body work in concert, not in isolation .
Research over the past 20 years has shown that methadone maintenance reduces opioid use and is an effective HIV risk reduction intervention ,,,,,,,. Importantly, prior research demonstrates strong associations between participation in methadone maintenance and lower rates of HIV prevalence and incidence. For example, heroin users who remained in methadone treatment during periods of rapid HIV transmission in their local communities had a dramatically lower prevalence of infection , , .
We recently reported that high levels of multiple sex and growth hormones were associated with increased postmenopausal breast cancer risk. Limited research has explored the relationship between reproductive, anthropometric, and lifestyle factors and levels of multiple hormones simultaneously . This cross sectional analysis included 738 postmenopausal Nurses' Health Study participants who were controls in a breast cancer nested case control study and had measured levels of estrone, estradiol, estrone sulfate, testosterone, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, prolactin and sex hormone binding globulin .
The PAQR family of proteins is composed of integral membrane receptors for a diverse array of agonist ligands . There are 11 human PAQRs that can be grouped into three main classes based onsequence comparisons . Class II  includes three receptors—PRα/PAQR7, mPRβ/PAQR8, andmPRγ/PAQR5—for the steroid hormone progesterone .
Since its designation as a cytokine by Kim and colleagues in 2005 , considerable progress has been made with elucidating the properties of the unusual cytokine IL 32. Structurally, IL 32 does not share similarities with known cytokine families . We and others have shown that IL 32 possesses anti viral properties.
The inner mitochondrial membrane uncoupling proteins  are suggested to regulate the proton gradient over the inner mitochondrial membrane, thereby regulating mitochondrial ATP production and/or mitochondrial reactive oxygen species production . Conversely, UCP3 levels are upregulated when the fatty acid supply exceeds oxidation, e.g., upon a high fat  diet , lipid infusion , fasting , or upon pharmacological inhibition of fat oxidation by etomoxir  . UCP3 is mainly expressed in skeletal and cardiac muscle.
Heart failure  is a serious and costly cardiovascular disorder, but its natural history can be modified by appropriate, sustained drug therapy. Poor adherence to prescribed medication therapy increases the risk of mortality and morbidity and leads to high health costs,  and poor quality of life in patients with HF. A significant portion of the healthcare advice and prescriptions dispensed at HF medical encounters was not fully implemented due to nonadherence.
Cervical cancer disparities persist in the predominantly Hispanic population in South Texas. Cervical cancer incidence is higher among women in South Texas compared to women in the rest of Texas , and both are higher than the incidence nationwide  . The vaccine currently is recommended for girls/boys and young women/men aged 1126 .
Protein kinase B or Akt, is a serine/threonine kinase, which in mammals comprises three highly homologous members known as PKB alpha , PKB beta  and PKB gamma   . Key roles for this enzyme can be found in cellular processes such as glucose metabolism, cell proliferation, apoptosis, transcription and cell migration . Akt functions to promote cell survival through several pathways .
Chlamydia trachomatis is an obligate intracellular bacterial pathogen and the etiologic agent of blinding trachoma, the world’s leading cause of infectious blindness. Trachoma afflicts hundreds of millions of people in sub Saharan Africa and Asia and is recognized as one of the major neglected tropical infectious diseases of the developing world . Despite its benefits, there is debate on its overall effectiveness and sustainability .
In breast cancer, mortality results not from tumor growth per se, but from the tumor invading through normal tissue boundaries and metastasizing to distant sites. These events are reminiscent of epithelial mesenchymal transition , a process occurring during tissue patterning in normal embryonic development . Increasing evidence suggests that in breast cancer, malignant cells co opt the EMT program .
Older persons who refuse assistance to address problems in performing instrumental activities of daily living , as in cases of self neglect, present clinicians with ethical and clinical challenges. In these situations, clinicians need to assess the person’s capacity to make a decision. This assessment may have substantial clinical implications that may include partial or complete conservatorship or guardianship .
Cardiovascular diseases are among the most significant health problems in the United States today, with hypertension affecting African Americans  disproportionately. Blood pressure  and hypertension have been challenging phenotypes for gene discovery due to their complex nature. Although genome wide association studies  have successfully identified thousands of loci affecting human complex diseases, these identified loci only explain small proportions of heritability.
The alcohol deprivation effect  is defined as a temporary increase in the voluntary intake of ethanol solutions and the ratio of ethanol/total fluid intake over baseline drinking conditions, when ethanol is returned following a period of alcohol deprivation . Research has shown that the drinking patterns of human alcoholics are segmented by multiple periods of abstinence and intake , and that multiple detoxifications are associated with less responsive treatment and greater alcohol drinking . Studies from our laboratory examined the effects of multiple deprivations on expression of an ADE in alcohol preferring  and high alcohol drinking  rats under 24 hour free choice alcohol drinking conditions , using a single ethanol concentration.
Integration into the host chromosome of the double stranded DNA product of reverse transcription is an essential step in the life cycle of human immunodeficiency virus type 1  . This process is facilitated by integrase , a 32 kDa virally encoded enzyme. Following reverse transcription, HIV 1 IN, along with other viral and cellular proteins, binds to specific sequences in the long terminal repeats  of the viral cDNA to form the pre integration complex.
Melanoma is the sixth most common cancer, and the malignancy with the highest rise in incidence over the past decades, with an estimated 62,480 new cases and 8,420 deaths in the United States in 2008 . Examples include B Raf mutations found in melanomas arising in sun damaged skin and c Kit mutations found in mucosal and acral lentiginous melanomas . Future classification of melanoma patients based on their tumor and immune characteristics will likely result in selective targeted therapies for subsets of patients, which will improve response rates and outcome .
Alveolar Soft Part Sarcoma  is an extremely rare soft tissue sarcoma affecting primarily young children and adolescents . This slow growing neoplasm is believed resistant to existing chemotherapeutic agents and radiation, limiting treatment primarily to surgical resection of the tumor. ASPS exhibits a unique histopathology which is the basis for clinical diagnosis.
Trypanosoma cruzi is the etiologic agent of Chagas disease, a major cause of heart disease in endemic areas of Latin America. Acute T. cruzi infection is accompanied by an intense inflammatory reaction in many tissues including the heart. The inflammatory reaction is critical for the control of the parasite proliferation.
Blood vessel formation is a dynamic and complex process that serves a vital role in both health and disease. A host of reports have implied that endothelial cells and mural cells are closely associated, and the interactions between them are required for the regulation of vessel formation, stabilization, remodeling and function in vivo and in vitro. Several different ligand receptor systems have been implicated in heterotypic cell interactions to regulate the development and maintenance of the vasculature.
Standardization of visual acuity measurement is essential for accurate monitoring of the response to treatment in individual patients and in clinical trials. By consensus of experts, the Early Treatment for Diabetic Retinopathy  logMAR charts have become the gold standard for adult visual acuity testing. More recently, a computerized version of ETDRS that uses crowded, isolated letters was developed; the new Electronic ETDRS  has high test retest reliability and good agreement with ETDRS chart in adults and in children aged 712 years.
The role of estrogen and progesterone in the development of epithelial ovarian cancer is poorly understood. Several reproductive hormonal factors , parity, and breastfeeding) are associated with decreased risk of ovarian cancer; while prolonged postmenopausal hormone  use, particularly estrogen only, increases risk . The effect of lifestyle factors, including diet and physical activity are unclear  .
Successful recollection engages a network of brain regions that includes the hippocampus, left posterior parietal cortex, medial prefrontal cortex , parahippocampal cortex, and retrosplenial/posterior cingulate cortex. These regions appear to be engaged regardless of the nature of the study and test materials employed or the type of retrieval test . In a previous study , we evaluated whether recollection related activity in different regions of the network differed in their sensitivity to the duration of an interval over which recollected information was to be maintained.
Temporal cortex lies in a posteroventral portion of the neocortex, and it is heavily involved in auditory and visual processing in most mammals. In squirrels, three distinct divisions of temporal cortex were previously described by . Thus, layer 4 is broad, well defined, and packed with cells.
Isocyanates , highly reactive chemical compounds essential to polyurethane production, are used to make a variety of foams, adhesives, coatings, and elastomers, and are well known to cause occupational asthma . Although isocyanates remain one of the most commonly reported causes of occupational asthma , the prevalence, incidence, and risk factors for development of isocyanate asthma under current work conditions are not well defined, as there have been few recent epidemiology studies of isocyanate exposed workers, despite the increasing use of polyurethane products in numerous industries . More recent studies have largely been limited to cross sectional studies of end users such as spray painters, rather than factory workers producing polyurethane products .
Cardiac diseases and arrhythmias are common with aging and at least partly linked to increasing cardiac electrophysiological and autonomic dysfunction., With advancing age, increased HRV can also reflect abnormal  sinus patterns that are associated with increased risk. In middle aged populations, habitual physical activity  has been associated with more favorable HRV indices, especially those reflecting increased vagal modulation and reduced sympathetic activity., However, several key issues remain to be addressed in older adults, who are at much higher risk for both abnormal HRV and cardiac events than middle aged populations. First, whether habitual PA relates to HRV later in life is not well established.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the U.S.  High levels of low density lipoprotein , high blood pressure, and diabetes mellitus are major modifiable risk factors of heart disease. It is estimated that less than half of those who could benefit from treatments to lower blood cholesterol levels receive the medical care. Over half  of the Hispanic population in 2007 were of Mexican origin.
Werner Syndrome  is a rare autosomal recessive genetic disease characterized by increased cancer and early onset or increased frequency of specific age related phenotypes, including graying and loss of hair, osteoporosis, and diabetes mellitus type II . In most cases, WS is caused by a deficiency of a single gene product, WRN, that belongs to the RecQ helicase family  In general, loss of the genome maintenance functions of RecQ family members results in higher levels of illegitimate recombination, although the resulting types of chromosomal instability appear to vary somewhat. Individuals with these diseases are highly cancer prone, but those with Bloom and Rothmund Thomson develop fewer age related characteristics than WS patients .
The adipokine Leptin regulates appetite and food consumption through central nervous system mechanisms, but it is increasingly recognized that leptin also exerts a broad range of actions on peripheral organs, including the cardiovascular system. Increasing evidence indicates that leptin influences cardiac remodeling, although it remains unclear whether the net effect is cardioprotective versus adverse. Some studies indicated direct hypertrophic effects of leptin on isolated ventricular rat cardiomyocytes, whereas other animal models suggest that leptin is essential for maintaining normal cardiac structure.
Lipid molecules play a key role in cell biology. BLs are a new vesicle phase resulting from membrane shape evolution upon the addition of a membrane curvature forming and  stabilizing lipid, MVLBG2, to bilayers of DOPC . BLs are formed in mixtures of MVLBG2, DOPC and water at specific compositions .
Alcohol  abuse and alcoholism are serious public health concerns throughout the world. Alcoholism is the second most prevalent axis I diagnosis among individuals aged 1544 , and is one of the most highly heritable addictive disorders . More than 18 million Americans  have been estimated to meet the diagnostic criteria of alcohol abuse or dependence .
Prostate to bone metastases induce mixed lesions containing areas of extensive bone destruction  and formation  that are mitigated by the principal cells of the bone, osteoclasts and osteoblasts respectively . Matrix metalloproteinases  are a family of 23 enzymes that collectively are capable of processing extracellular matrix  components including those that comprise the bone matrix . However, recent analyses have identified that osteoclast derived MMPs can control cell behavior in the tumor microenvironment by regulating the bioavailability/bioactivity of non matrix related molecules.
Erectile dysfunction  affects approximately 18 million men aged 20 years or older in the US. Projections from US prevalence data indicate that by 2025, over 300 million men worldwide will have ED. The relationship between ED and cardiovascular disease  has received substantial attention.
Obesity is a major public health concern. Poor diet and inactivity are two of the greatest contributors to United States  deaths. Such concepts are essential for understanding energy balance .
The Thai RV144 phase III vaccine trial demonstrated for the first time that a vaccine can prevent HIV infection . Nevertheless, extensive research to practice gaps are evident for existing prophylactic vaccines in the U.S., in particular, vaccines licensed for sexually transmitted infections . A systematic review and meta analysis of future HIV vaccine acceptability further suggests the importance of public attitudes towards vaccines.
The matrix metalloproteinases  are a family of enzymes that are involved in proteolytic processing of interstitial structural proteins, signaling molecules and growth factors. Through altering interstitial tissue structure and function, expression of MMPs have been shown to be an important proteolytic event in tumor progression, inflammation, and cardiovascular disease. Using transgenic and pharmacological approaches, modifying MMP expression and activity has been shown to directly effect myocardial structure and function.
Inverted urothelial papilloma  is an uncommon urothelial neoplasm  with a generally accepted benign clinical course and a distinctive histomorphology. Periodic reports have linked rare cases of IUP with recurrence , as well as synchronous  and/or metachronous  urothelial carcinomas   leading to ambiguity with regards to the biologic potential of IUP; however, several recent studies have not shown an increased risk of UCA  . A limited number of IUP studies using single gene based assays have identified mutations in FGFR3, in 9.8% to 45% of cases .
Hepatitis C virus  is a RNA virus that currently infects over 150 million people across the world. Since human immunodeficiency virus  and HCV share similar routes of transmission, such as exposure to contaminated blood and sexual activity, approximately 25% of HIV infected persons are co infected with HCV, which is much higher than the HCV prevalence in the general world population. HIV/HCV co infection has been shown to decrease the probability of spontaneous HCV clearance and increase the rate of progression to cirrhosis, decompensated liver disease, hepatocellular carcinoma, and death .
Low dose spiral computed tomography  scans have been introduced as a way to detect lung cancers at an earlier, potentially more curable, stage of disease . CT scans have been shown to improve detection of smaller chest nodules, increasing early detection of lung cancer , , . The largest randomized trial of CT scanning for lung cancer, the National Lung Cancer Screening Trial  found a 21% decrease in lung cancer mortality and a 7% decrease in all cause mortality in those getting CT scans compared to the chest radiography group .
The use of blood contacting medical devices for treatment of cardiovascular disease leads to the activation of factors in response to materials that initiate blood coagulation and thrombosis. These activated enzymes also perturb the immune system, the complement system, and fibrinolytic pathways besides generating vascular permeability factors that are all detrimental to patient health . Despite decades of research, development of improved hemocompatible materials has remained a largely unrealized objective .
Roughening of the metal counterface is responsible for substantial increase of wear rate in metal on polyethylene total joint replacements . This has prompted several groups to study scratch patterns, toward a more definitive determinant of wear acceleration propensity ,,. It has been argued that even some 3rd body particles that are  softer than the counterface are capable of causing scratching  .
Increases in synaptic dopamine concentrations resulting from direct inhibition of the dopamine transporter  by cocaine have profound effects on the neurochemistry of dopaminergic synapses and account for a variety of cocaine induced behaviors. Reports of increases, decreases or no changes in striatal DAT and dopamine receptor levels in response to cocaine suggest that the dynamics of synaptic protein expression is a complex, plastic process that is mediated by a number of interconnected factors. Likewise, contingent versus non contingent cocaine administration can produce different neurochemical and behavioral adaptations .
Fluoroquinolone  antibiotics were introduced in the mid 1980s and have been widely used against various infectious diseases including urinary tract infections . Both chromosomally mediated and plasmid mediated FQ resistance emerged rapidly and have since progressed. The increasing prevalence of FQ resistance among uropathogens in hospitals and long term care facilities  is a threat to the use of FQs as empirical therapy for UTI.
Fragile X associated tremor/ataxia syndrome  is seen in a subgroup of older adults who are carriers of premutation alleles  of the fragile X mental retardation 1  gene . FXTAS also includes neuropathy, usually featuring pain in the lower extremities, and autonomic dysfunction in the majority of patients  . Psychiatric disorders commonly seen in patients with FXTAS include anxiety, agitation, apathy, and depression .
Many game theoretical models have been developed to examine how animal contests are resolved. Empirical studies have supported several of these models  . As in mutual assessment models, in self assessment models contest duration is negatively correlated with the RHP difference between the contestants .
Inhibition of poly polymerase  has emerged as a promising drug strategy for the treatment of cancers mutated for BRCA1/2 because of its ability to selectively kill cells through synthetic lethality . More recently, PARP inhibitors have been shown to be effective in cells with defects in other genes involved in homologous recombination  and the DNA damage response suggesting that PARP inhibitors may be effective in treating a wider range of tumours that do not have BRCA mutations . The cohesin complex, named for its role in sister chromatid cohesion, is well conserved across organisms .
Human respiratory syncytial virus  is a major cause of viral bronchiolitis in infants, young children, elderly, and immune compromised patients. During 1960s, a formalin inactivated RSV vaccine  administered to children resulted in approximately 80% hospitalization and two deaths during next epidemic winter season, causing vaccine related enhanced RSV disease   . Despite the extensive endeavor to develop RSV vaccines, there is no licensed RSV vaccine .
The availability of allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplant  has expanded with the development of lower dose nonmyeloablative conditioning regimens, which depend on achieving a delicate balance between recipient and donor cells to obtain immunosuppression of the recipient, optimal anti tumor effect, and minimal toxicity. There is considerable variability in the clinical outcomes of these patients. Some of the interpatient variability in clinical outcomes could, in part, reflect differences in each recipient’s sensitivity to MMF.
During conditions of increased glutamate release such as seizures, group I metabotropic glutamate receptors  activate many second messenger pathways that may contribute to epileptogenesis . The epileptiform activity includes brief interictal discharges and longer  synchronous activity that resembles ictal activity. The transition from an interictal to ictal pattern of activity has been hypothesized to occur because of a loss of the afterhyperpolarization  that follows interictal discharges  .
Acne vulgaris is the most common disorder of human skin that affects up to 80% of individuals in their lives . Acne has many different symptoms including comedones, papules, pustules, nodules, cysts and pilosebaceous inflammation. Among these, inflammatory lesions of acne are of the greatest concern to patients because they may lead to acne scarring, thereby inducing adverse psychological effects.
Injection drug users  are often afflicted by serious health hazards, including overdose, blood borne diseases , and soft tissue infections. Abscesses result from introduction of an infectious agent, often Staphylococcus aureus, into the body through unsterile injection equipment or unclean skin. Abscesses can be very painful and prompt treatment, mostly with antibotics, may succeed in avoiding more costly and invasive surgical incision and drainage of abscess wounds.
Rubella virus, a member of the Togaviridae family, typically causes a relatively benign illness, although arthritis and arthralgia have been observed in adults. Less frequent complications include both encephalitis and thrombocytopenia. Infection during pregnancy, especially early in pregnancy, can cause congenital rubella syndrome , leading to devastating fetal abnormalities.
Resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging  measures spontaneous low frequency fluctuations in the blood oxygen level dependent  signal that is correlated with intrinsic neuronal signaling . Considering the intrinsic neuronal signaling accounts for a large proportion of brain activity, the study of these spontaneous fluctuations has enabled systematical delineation of the functional brain architecture  and the examination of whether the functional architecture of intrinsic activity is altered in neurological and psychiatric conditions  and mild cognitive impairment  , and Schizophrenia  ). Several review articles  have provided extensive surveys of relevant studies.
Face perception is argued to be “special” in part on the basis of behavioral effects that distinguish it from the perception of objects. Such phenomena are generally not disputed and are often taken to indicate that faces are processed in a more holistic manner than non face objects, relying less on part decomposition. The interpretation of these findings, however, is a source of contention.
Cancer cells in a primary tumor are adept at exploiting their local tissue microenvironment. By contrast, when metastatic cells leave these favorable surroundings, they must possess or acquire traits to enable survival and colonization of potentially hostile tissue environments, . Tumor cells that extravasate in different tissue microenvironments then encounter distinct cell types that can positively or negatively regulate metastatic outgrowth.
Despite numerous advances in tobacco dependence treatment, U.S. adult smoking prevalence and quit rates have stalled, and too few smokers who try to quit benefit from evidence based treatments. Evidence based cessation treatment policies have been underutilized, for the most part implemented and evaluated in isolation without regard to potential synergies. , If more fully implemented and better integrated, cessation treatment policies could yield substantial increases in adult quit rates and a reduction in the population prevalence of smoking.
Early in utero detection of FASD is highly desired for commencing therapeutic intervention and for stopping alcohol use for the remainder of pregnancy . The advancing field of proteomics offers promise for developing state of the art biomarkers that can detect extremely subtle physiologic changes associated specifically with alcohol use . So far, few investigators have focused attention on proteomic analyses designed to establish potential biomarkers for prenatal alcohol exposure .
Cell transplantation is being explored as an alternative therapy for treating patients with end stage heart failure. Fetal cardiomyocytes, skeletal myoblasts, immortalized cell lines, fibroblasts, smooth muscle cells, and hematopoietic stem cells have been transplanted into host myocardium for improved cardiac function . A number of studies using stem cell transplants report the differentiation of stem cells in the heart of murine and rodent models as well as the improvement of heart function deficits caused by cardiac injury .
Medulloblastoma , an embryonal neuroepithelial tumor of the cerebellum, is the most common malignant brain tumor in children . This highly invasive tumor has a tendency to disseminate throughout the central nervous system early in its course. Moreover, current medical treatments have associated toxicities that can cause significant disabilities in long term survivors .
Infection with oncogenic human papillomavirus  types is necessary for cervical cancer development. In this situation, it is possible that prevalent non vaccine types may be undetected. Therefore, a reduction in the rate of detection of vaccine types post vaccination in genital specimens may lead to an apparent increase in some HPV types that were previously masked.
The capsaicin receptor transient receptor potential vanilloid type 1  is a nonselective cation channel that can be activated by many physical and chemical stimuli, including heat, protons, capsaicin, and anandamide . Stimulation of TRPV1 elicits the release of glutamate  and neuropeptides  from primary afferent terminals. TRPV1 plays an essential role in detecting noxious thermal stimuli.
Factor VIII  is a large plasma glycoprotein of 2332 amino acid residues organized in six domains: A1 A2 B A3 C1 C2. The three A  domains are homologous to each other, to the A domains of Factor V , and the copper binding protein ceruloplasmin. The LC and HC are linked noncovalently via divalent metal cations.
The activation status of T cells and the level of immune responses are controlled by costimulatory and co inhibitory molecules, although the antigen specificity is decided by interactions between TCR and MHC peptide complex . B7H1  is a ligand for both PD 1 and CD80. PD 1 expression on T cells is strongly induced upon T cell activation .
Pancreatic islet cell transplantation is a promising treatment option, with allogeneic transplants used for patients with brittle type 1 diabetes and autologous transplants following total pancreatectomy used for patients with refractory chronic pancreatitis., In 2000, the Edmonton protocol opened a new era of allogeneic islet transplantation, achieving insulin independence in all islet recipients; however, there are still major barriers to its wide use, such as the need for multiple infusions with multiple donors, failed islet isolation, difficulty in maintaining long term graft function, and the use of strong immunosuppression. Sawada et al showed that ductal perfusion using UWS without collagenase could significantly improve islet yield and quality. Thus, extracellular fluid like solution with a low potassium level should be considered for PDP .
The disabled homolog 2  gene encodes a mitogen responsive phosphoprotein. Recent studies have indicated that DAB2 is down regulated in multiple cancer types and has tumor suppressor function . Given the increasing appreciation of DAB2 as an important tumor suppressor, the mechanisms underlying the down regulation of DAB2 expression in cancer cells have been investigated.
Here, we demonstrate a 129Xe nuclear magnetic resonance  spectroscopic method that allows both sensitive analysis and detection of intact bacterial spores in aqueous solution, without further sample preparation. NMR spectroscopy has been used previously to analyze spore contents but typically offers limited detection sensitivity, due to small polarization of the nuclear spin reservoir, where the difference in spin populations aligned parallel or anti parallel to an external magnetic field at thermal equilibrium is typically just ~10 in a million nuclei. When exchanging magnetic species are present, chemical exchange saturation transfer  can achieve signal amplification based on cumulative magnetization transfer through selective saturation.
The phenomenon of an increase in blood supply due to the metabolic demand of cells undergoing cancerous transformation has been one of the major scientific interests since the discovery of angiogenesis. One possible explanation of this delocalized increase in blood supply involves the idea of the field effect, the concept that local carcinogenic events are mirrored by changes throughout the entire organ. In the colon, for example, the mucosa is only ∼100µm thick.
Significant advances have been made in combining PET and MR based on solid state light detectors that are insensitive to static magnetic fields, such as avalanche photodiode  technology . However technical challenges, primarily associated with cross talk effects, are still not fully resolved . The pre clinical combined PET/MR scanner described in the previous special issue of TCRT  has been assembled and a preliminary evaluation of its performance undertaken.
Lentiviruses such as Human Immunodeficiency Virus  and Feline Immunodeficiency Virus  are able to evade an early, vigorous immune response and establish a persistent infection. During chronic HIV/FIV, the virus replicates at low levels contributing to a state of chronic immune activation followed by immune exhaustion . These findings illustrate the need for a more detailed understanding of CD8+ T cell mediated response to HIV/FIV infection and to define the direct cause for CD8+ dysfunction .
Aberrant hypermethylation of CpG islands in the glutathione S transferase pi  gene promoter is increasingly being recognized as a precursor to the genesis of prostate cancer. , GSTP1 is a member of the glutathione S transferase superfamily that catalyzes conjugation of the glutathione peptide with electrophilic compounds, including carcinogens, resulting in less toxic and more readily excretable metabolites. , A genetic variant of GSTP1 has been associated with cancer susceptibility and mice lacking GSTP1 exhibit increased skin tumorigenesis, findings that corroborate the notion that GSTP1 is a tumor suppressor.
Mental illness imposes an immense global disease burden, particularly in low and middle income countries where access to mental health services is lacking . In particular, the populations included in these studies, such as university students, household survey participants, pregnant or postnatal women, or HIV infected patients, are not easily generalizable to a PHC population . Depression is a common and debilitating comorbidity of HIV in sub Saharan Africa.
The hypothalamic pituitary adrenal  axis plays an important role in modulating an organism's responses to perturbations of the environment. Understanding interindividual variation in HPA axis function in group living primates can enhance our understanding of how individuals and their behavior are affected by their social environment and the extent to which their adjustments to environmental challenges are adaptive or maladaptive . Sex, dominance rank, age, and female reproductive condition are variables that have been shown to affect variation in cortisol levels in nonhuman primates.
Vertebrate commissural axons project along a transverse trajectory toward and across the floor plate , located at the ventral midline  of the spinal cord. We originally identified MLC and ILC axons through unilateral DiI labeling, which provides unobstructed views of postcrossing trajectories but cannot reproducibly mark MLC and ILC axons and reliably assess their behavior in response to perturbations. The bHLH  transcription factors, Atoh1 and Neurog1, define nonoverlapping progenitor populations that differentiate into genetically distinct dI1 and dI2 commissural neurons, respectively .
Type 2 Diabetes mellitus  confers roughly a 40% increased risk for developing AF as compared to individuals without DM . Excess cardiovascular morbidity and mortality are attributable to AF in individuals with DM . In multiple studies, baseline AF was associated with a significantly greater risk for all cause mortality and comparable higher risk for cardiovascular death, stroke, and heart failure ; incident AF among individuals with DM leads to increased risk for stroke and heart failure .
Inhibition plays a central role in theorizing about human cognition. Inhibition refers to the suppression of thoughts, actions, and emotions and is often regarded as a key component of executive control . Researchers have used the concept of inhibition to explain a broad range of phenomena in clinical psychology, cognitive psychology, neuropsychology, lifespan development, and individual differences.
Recurrent thermal injury to the esophageal mucosa due to consuming large amounts of hot drinks has long been suspected to be a risk factor for esophageal cancer . In 1939, WL Watson, after reviewing clinical records from 771 EC cases, wrote: “thermal irritation is probably the most constant factor predisposing to the cancer of the esophagus”. Nevertheless, the association of hot drinks with EC has been questioned both based on biologic reasons and empirical evidence .
The development of new surface modifications for titanium based implants has continuously improved the clinical outcomes in dental and orthopaedic applications and extended the coverage for populations of compromised patients. Additionally, the development of hierarchically structured surfaces that more closely mimic the natural environment of bone at the micro , submicro  and nanoscale levels, has provided insight into the complexity of the biological response that is required to activate osteogenic pathways that, in turn, will result in enhanced bone formation leading to appropriate osseointegration  . Surface microroughness of titanium based implants can enhance the osteogenic response of osteoblast lineage cells without the need for exogenous induction factors, and this response has been thoroughly evaluated in terms of protein and mRNA levels .
Histidine plays an essential role in protein chemistry where it is often found in the active site of enzymes. Much of histidine’s utility arises from the fact that histidine titrates near neutral pH. As such the quality of models used to describe the protonation of histidine is essential for the correct determination of pH dependent properties of proteins.
The opposable thumb has helped humans develop fine motor skills, allowing manipulation of a wide variety of objects. The thumb consists of the carpometacarpal , metacarpophalangeal , and interphalangeal  joints, connecting four bones, the trapezium, the first metacarpal, the proximal phalanx, and the distal phalanx. Each degree of freedom has a single axis of rotation, and these axes have been demonstrated to be non orthogonal and non intersecting.
The incidence and mortality rates of colorectal cancer  are similar among the genders , however, women who have a history of Hormone Replacement Therapy  demonstrate a reduction of colon cancer risk . Yet, the mechanism through which estrogens are protective against colon cancer is still unclear . No differences have been reported for ERα expression between normal and malignant human colon.
Healthy aging is associated with mild and gradual declines in cognition functions, with the greatest aging related changes involving memory, processing speed, and visuospatial skills . Paradoxically, fMRI studies have consistently found increased regional brain activity in healthy elders relative to their younger counterparts during the performance of a cognitive task. This increased task related brain activity in healthy elders typically occurs in brain regions also activated by younger participants, but can also be observed in homologous regions in the opposite hemisphere .
Over 16,000 candidates are currently waiting to receive a liver transplant in the United States, with waiting list mortality rates approaching 20% in certain regions of the country . Increasing the donor pool by utilizing expanded criteria grafts may be an effective way to decrease the discrepancy between organ supply and demand . However, national data indicates an increasing reluctance of transplant programs to accept these grafts .
Dystrophin is the protein defective in the devastating genetic disease, Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, DMD. Dystrophin has 24 STRs, and thus a rod ~120 nm long . At either end of these rods are binding domains of some sort.
The southern root knot nematode  is one of the most economically devastating plant pathogens in the world and is able to infect nearly every cultivated crop species . The paucity of effective control strategies for this widely problematic pest makes it crucial to understand the mechanisms responsible for its ability to infect plants so that novel control strategies can be developed . M. incognita engages in a complex interaction with its host plant.
The growth of axons is a fundamental biological process that is a prerequisite for the establishment of neuronal connectivity in the developing nervous system. Although the extrinsic factors that control axon guidance and growth have been the subject of intense scrutiny, growing evidence suggests that cell intrinsic mechanisms also play a central role in the regulation of axonal growth . Importantly, SnoN promotes the development of axons in the mammalian brain as demonstrated by the dramatic impairment of granule neuron parallel fiber axons in the cerebellar cortex in rats subjected to SnoN knockdown in vivo  .
More than 40% of patients with the demyelinating disease multiple sclerosis  suffer some form of cognitive decline. Traditional imaging measures, such as assessment of macroscopic lesion burden, are weakly related to cognitive changes , leading some researchers to focus on the role of gray matter  pathology in cognitive dysfunction . The hippocampus has emerged as a target for much of this research  .
Imaging genetics is a rapidly growing research field, examining how genetic factors contribute to brain structure and function. Even so, with a few exceptions , specific genes that influence normal brain anatomy and function have been hard to identify. Single gene variations  are likely to influence the overall architecture of the brain only to a very minor extent.
Phosphodiesterase 5  inhibitors including sildenafil , vardenafil  and tadalafil  are FDA approved for treatment of erectile dysfunction. More recently, sildenafil was indicated for management of pulmonary arterial hypertension . Several studies from our laboratory have shown that sildenafil and vardenafil reduce infarct size, apoptosis, and attenuate cardiac dysfunction following I/R or permanent coronary artery ligation .
Contrast enhanced MR angiography  has become a non invasive modality of choice for detecting arterial disease in many vascular areas of the body. Therefore, MRA methods that do not require contrast agents will have importance for patients with renal insufficiency. Furthermore, with CE MRA, the short contrast first pass window in arteries often limits imaging coverage or spatial resolution and venous contamination may be present at distal run off vessels, particularly for calf and foot arterial imaging.
The cyclical exchange between actin monomers and its assembly into filaments is an energy dependent process, where the incorporation of ATP actin into filaments  ultimately results in ATP hydrolysis . Recycling factors such as cofilin and related ADF  family members bind ADP actin filaments to promote Pi release and filament severing . Filament severing accelerates the dynamic exchange of actin between monomers and filaments by simultaneously stimulating actin filament disassembly  and promoting actin polymerization on newly severed barbed ends .
Neuronal intermediate filament inclusion disease  is an uncommon neurodegenerative condition  that was first recognized as a unique entity, based on the neuropathological finding of neuronal inclusions that are immunoreactive for neurofilament  proteins but negative for tau and α synuclein . It was initially referred to as neurofilament inclusion  disease, however subsequent studies demonstrated the inclusions to be immunoreactive for all class IV intermediate filaments , including α internexin, as well as light, medium and heavy NF subunits  . Twenty cases of NIFID have been published to date .
Opsin visual pigments are located in a stacked membranous structure of rod and cone photoreceptor cells called the outer segment . After a brief period, all trans retinaldehyde  dissociates from the bleached pigment, rendering it insensitive to light. Conversion of all trans RAL to 11 cis RAL is performed by a multistep enzyme pathway called the visual cycle .
Twin twin transfusion syndrome  arises in monochorionic twin gestations due to unequal exchange of blood through the placental vascular communications. Selective laser photocoagulation of communicating vessels  is the preferred treatment for TTTS resulting in improved prenatal and perinatal survival. With enhanced survival, identification of risk factors to later cognitive performance and outcomes becomes critical.
Vascular calcification is a common finding in patients with cardiovascular disease , diabetes and end stage renal disease . Furthermore, coronary calcium score is a strong predictor of incident coronary heart disease  and stroke . In diabetes mellitus, vascular calcification is strongly correlated with coronary artery disease and future cardiovascular events including lower extremity amputation , .
Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria  is a non malignant clonal disorder of hematopoietic stem cells characterized by a somatic mutation in the PIG A gene. Due to a defect in the glycosylphosphatidylinositol  anchor, PNH stem cells and their progeny lack GPI anchored surface proteins, some of which  protect erythrocytes from complement mediated lysis. Patients with PNH may manifest with a variety of symptoms including recurrent intravascular hemolysis, venous thrombosis, and hematopoietic failure, all of which shorten survival compared to healthy age matched controls.
Aberrant promoter methylation of tumor suppressor genes is an important mechanism of gene transcriptional inactivation and has been associated with the development of many kinds of cancers , including lung cancer, the most common cause of cancer death worldwide. Although much attention has been paid to understand the molecular and cellular mechanisms of lung cancer, the 5 year overall survival rate for all stages combined is only 15% , due primarily to the presence of metastatic tumors in approximately two third of patients at the time of diagnosis . Detection of lung cancer at earlier stages could potentially increase survival rates by 1050 folds .
Studies conducted in Western Europe and North America suggest that insomnia could affect between 30% and 60% of non institutionalized elderly persons. Reported rates have varied because of differences in definition and settings of studies. Insomnia has been defined in terms of symptoms, symptoms with duration or frequency of their occurrence, or diagnosis, such as those based on the criteria of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition .
Thioredoxin 1  is a 12 kDa endogenous protein found in micromolar concentrations in the cytosol of cells . Trx 1 has multiple functions in the cell, including antioxidant, anti inflammatory, and anti apoptotic activity. While the molecular mechanisms for the cellular functions of Trx are complex and not fully understood, the cellular activity of Trx 1 likely involves its interaction with specific signaling cascades.
Heterogeneity is observed in the patterns of cognition in Alzheimer's disease . Such heterogeneity might suggest the involvement of different aetiological pathways or different host responses to pathology . 627 subjects with mild/moderate AD underwent cognitive assessment with the Mini Mental Status Exam  and the Dementia Rating Scale 2 .
Mercury is a ubiquitous global environmental pollutant, with human exposure to organic, inorganic, and elemental species of mercury occurring in many diverse settings. In susceptible strains of mice, treatment with organic species of mercury also elicits an autoimmune response, though there are differences in toxicokinetic and the toxicodynamic responses based on the species of mercury used. Relatively few studies exist in the literature on the relationship of mercury exposure and biomarkers of autommunity or autoimmune disease in human populations.
Cancer is a genetic disease in which genomic abnormalities alter the transcriptome, thereby directly or indirectly deregulating the pathways that control proliferation and survival. The transcriptomic diversity in cancer has been captured by robust expression subtypes that are characterized by similarity to gene signatures related to developmental lineages and cellular differentiation. Furthermore, molecular subtypes are frequently found to associate with somatic alterations, such as EGFR abnormalities in the classical subtype of glioblastoma, or the enrichment of NF1 deletions and mutations in the primitive group of lung squamous carcinoma.
Targeted therapy against oncogenic mutations, such as BRAFV600E, represents one of the most significant advances in the treatment of melanoma in decades. In particular, the use of immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown tremendous promise. Additional immunomodulatory agents are in clinical trials, and have shown impressive results.
Ultraviolet radiation  is a major cause of non melanoma skin cancer including squamous cell carcinoma . Several studies have suggested that tobacco smoke is an independent risk factor for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma . Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons  represent an important class of carcinogens found in tobacco smoke .
Obesity, previously primarily an adult condition, is increasing dramatically among the younger age groups . In 2006, the prevalence of overweight in U. S. children and adolescents had been estimated at 17%, and is predicted to rise to 20% by 2010 . Excess weight in early life leads to adult obesity and increased cardiovascular morbidity .
Cisplatin is a potent agent used in cancer chemotherapy. Numerous studies have provided information to elucidate the molecular mechanism of cisplatin cytotoxicity. It is widely accepted that the anti tumor action of cisplatin is attributed to the formation of cisplatin DNA adducts, inducing several signal pathways and subsequently leading to cell cycle arrest, necrosis or/and apoptosis .
Interleukin  12p40  is a common subunit of both IL 12p70  and IL 23 . IL 12p70 plays a role in resistance and adaptive immunity and is also involved in antitumor responses,. In addition to associating with IL 12p35 and IL 23p19 to comprise the well studied heterodimeric cytokines IL 12 and IL 23, IL 12p40 can exist in a monomeric form; the monomeric form may play an independent role in immune responses.
Malignant gliomas are characterized by their invasiveness and dissemination, resulting in frequent tumor recurrence after surgical resection and/or other treatment. We had previously engineered Interleukin 12 producing murine primary NSCs and demonstrated that these NSCs migrated towards intracranial gliomas and induced T cell anti tumor immunity . We had further identified that the tumor tropic NSCs comprise largely of chemokine CXC receptor 4  expressing progenitors  .
The concept of imidazoline binding sites was first proposed in 1984 ; since then, research has focused on understanding the nature of these binding sites . Initially, these binding sites were thought to recognize compounds with imidazoline moiety; however, we now know that some compounds with no imidazoline structure also have high affinities for these binding sites . In addition, there appears to be at least three different imidazoline receptor subtypes, each of which has unique pharmacological properties .
1, 6 Hexamethylene diamine  in biological media  has been utilized as a biological marker for occupational exposure to 1,6 hexamethylene diisocyanate  . During automotive spray painting, workers may be exposed to HDI present in paint formulations via skin or inhalation routes. HDA could be N acetylated by N acetyltransferase  to form N acetyl 1,6 hexamethylene diamine   and N,N′ diacetyl 1,6 hexamethylene diamine , which is rapidly excreted.
The Spanish speaking population has been growing rapidly in the U.S., and this trend is expected to continue. By the year 2050, the population is estimated to nearly double to 24.4 million people. In 2006, it was estimated that nearly 222,000 people in Indiana primarily speak Spanish at home, out of a total population of approximately 6.5 million people.
In bacteria, the ability to resist mechanical forces is necessary for survival and growth, allowing cells to withstand osmotic pressures while maintaining cell shape, cell growth and division. The mechanical properties of bacteria are known to vary among and within species. Gram positive bacteria have a thicker cell wall and greater turgor pressure than Gram negative organisms, and are therefore more stiff than Gram negative organisms , .
Cytokines control a large panel of biological functions, many of them mediated by the JAK STAT signal transduction pathway. STAT5 regulated genes encode transcription factors, membrane proteins, enzymes and milk proteins . In contrast, transplantation experiments with primary mammary epithelial cells have not provided evidence for a role of STAT5 in mammary stem cells  .
Concurrent and discrete trial choice procedures are used to measure the relative reinforcing strength of abused drugs. Choice procedures have the purported advantage that the primary dependent measure, response allocation, is independent of the rate decreasing effects of the self administered drug . For example, in a discrete trial choice paradigm,  noted that when cocaine was preferred over d,l cathinone , response rates on the cocaine associated lever were higher than rates on d,l cathinone associated lever in only 22% of those cases.
Adeno associated virus  is a ssDNA virus from the Parvoviridae family. Initially AAV serotype 2 was considered as a vehicle for gene transfer in various in vitro and in vivo experimental and therapeutic settings. More recently, several alternative serotypes have been used as vectors for gene therapy.
Methylphenidate  enhances cognitive and behavioral function by acting, at least in part, on the prefrontal cortex . Recent reports state that the use of MPD as a cognitive enhancer has become widely abused among college students and adults. Due to the PFC’s critical role in higher cognitive functions, it is considered one of the main brain regions to respond to acute and chronic MPD administration., MPD binds to dopamine  and noradrenaline  transporters, blocking the reuptake of both DA and NE from the synaptic cleft to the presynaptic terminals, therefore leading to an increased level of DA and NE in the extracellular space.
Smoking prevalence among adults in the U.S. has decreased from 40% in 1964 to 20% currently . Studies of persons entering treatment for alcohol as well as opioid dependence suggest that these populations are more likely to die from smoking related causes than other substance abuse related causes . Responses were received from 311 staff in 23 clinics; 40% of respondents were smokers, and staff who smoked were less likely to encourage smoking cessation among clients.
Thymic derived CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells  have an important role in the mechanisms of peripheral immune tolerance and in the prevention of pathogenic autoimmunity through the suppression of proliferation and production of pro inflammatory cytokines in effector immune cells. CD28 is required for tTreg development and peripheral homeostasis since mice deficient for CD28 have very few tTregs in both thymuses and spleens, and this defect cannot be rescued by IL 2 . In addition to CD28, it has been documented that IL 2 is essential for tTreg expansion and maintenance, whereas IL 2Rγ is also required for tTreg development  .
Mammalian Target of Rapamycin  is an ATP and nutrient sensor that contributes to the control of cell size and cell cycle progression. mTOR’s ability to control cell size and cell cycle is due at least in part to its ability to regulate the translation of specific classes of mRNAs. mTOR mediated control of translation is a rapamycin sensitive process accomplished by regulation of the downstream targets, S6K and eIF4E .
Neural progenitor cells  of the embryonic neocortex initially comprise a large population of the neuroepithelial cells and, as development proceeds, radial glia located in the ventricular zone  continue to provide a source of NPCs. Autosomal recessive primary microcephaly  is a congenital brain disorder characterized by a small brain size without severe effects on brain structure ,. Human genetic studies have identified ten MCPH loci, and most MCPH proteins localize to the centrosome or spindle pole for at least part of the cell cycle.
Methamphetamine  is a highly addictive psychostimulant. In the United States, an estimated 600,000 people are weekly users of the drug. METH exerts pharmacological effects on the central nervous system  through a non exocytoxic mechanism that releases monoamine neurotransmitters including dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin.
A number of disease states highlight the significant effects that interferons can have on hematopoiesis. Interferons may also be used therapeutically in some hematologic malignancies . Despite these observations, little is known about the effects of interferons on the hematopoietic stem cell .
Cyclin dependent kinases  together with cyclins constitute the central components of the cell cycle machinery . Later Cdk2 complexes with cyclin A and is essential for S phase progression . In addition, it was described that Cdk2 is present predominantly in the nucleus throughout the cell cycle .
Pain originating from the musculoskeletal system is common and costs billions of dollars in healthcare and lost wages . Chronic musculoskeletal pain syndromes such as fibromyalgia and myofacial pain syndrome can be disabling and difficult to treat . In addition, histological analysis of the injection site reveals no significant changes in the muscle when compared to controls that receive intramuscular injection of pH 7.2 saline .
Several factor  VIII products of different origin and structure are being used for hemophilia A treatment worldwide. The assessment of FVIII concentration in these products is done using activity assays, which are dependent upon the assay and its modifications . Three activity  and two immunoassays  were used in this study with albumin free full length recombinant  FVIII as a standard .
Macrophages  are mononuclear phagocytes of the innate immune system and are involved in host defence, metabolism and the homeostatic regulation of healthy tissues. Mφs can assume several functionally different states of activation which are regulated by the prevailing cytokine milieu and other factors that are present at sites of inflammation. Distinct resident and inflammatory sub populations of Mφs exist in tissues, including the gut.
Epilepsy is the commonest neurological disorder worldwide and one of the most common chronic, non communicable diseases among adults in resource poor settings. Previous work among adults with epilepsy in Zambia found them to have significantly lower socioeconomic status than their peers with non stigmatized chronic conditions. Women with epilepsy were less likely to access healthcare services for antenatal care .
Manganese superoxide dismutase  is responsible for converting superoxide to hydrogen peroxide in the mitochondrial matrix. MnSOD is translated in the cytoplasm and then imported into the mitochondria via a mitochondrial targeting signal . This polymorphism is predicted to result in a change in the secondary structure in the MTS domain of the protein from an α helix  to a β sheet conformation  .
Efavirenz, a potent non nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor , remains preferred component of highly active antiretroviral therapy  for treatment naïve patients despite an emergence of second generation of NNRTIs and new classes of antiretroviral agents . It is the only antiretroviral agent currently on the market that has been combined with other two nucleoside/nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitors in a single tablet and administered once daily, which significantly improve adherence ). Efavirenz is always used in combination therapy and in concert with drugs directed at the treatment of opportunistic infections, cancers and other HIV related co morbidities.
CD1 proteins are non polymorphic, class I antigen presenting molecules, which present both self and foreign lipids as cognate antigens to T cells. Groups 1 and 2 are involved in antigen presentation, whereas group 3 is involved in lipid processing and trafficking. Group 1 CD1 molecules present lipid antigens to clonally diverse T cells that mediate adaptive immunity.
Internalizing behaviours , prevalent in children born very preterm compared to full term, are evident by 2 years corrected age   and persist to school age, late adolescence and young adulthood . Exposure to repeated pain in very preterm infants  in the neonatal intensive care unit  is associated with altered cognitive and motor development . Previously, we found that greater neonatal pain  was associated with greater internalizing behaviours at 18 months CA .
A promising research area from the 1950s through 1970s involved the therapeutic use of 5 HT2AR agonist hallucinogens in the treatment of drug dependence, including alcohol and opioid dependence . Some studies did not include the rigor and controls expected of modern clinical research, thus obscuring efficacy. However, a recent meta analysis of randomized controlled trials found that LSD facilitated treatment of alcoholism approximately doubled the success rates of control conditions at the first follow up .
Dose escalated external beam radiation therapy  for prostate cancer is associated with improved tumor control rates in all disease risk groups. Randomized controlled trials  conducted in the United States demonstrated improved PSA control following treatment of localized prostate cancer with EBRT doses of 78 Gy and 79.2 Gy compared to 70 Gy., Clinical guidelines of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network  have evolved over the last decade but have generally suggested doses between 7079 Gy for men with low risk disease and 7580+ Gy for men with intermediate and high risk disease., Thus, in 2007 the use of higher dose EBRT  was established as a clinical performance measure in assessing the quality of prostate cancer radiotherapy. Despite these observed benefits, selection of patients most likely to benefit from dose escalated EBRT is complicated by several factors.
It has been hypothesized that an “activity center” or “activitystat” within the central nervous system controls an individual’s amount of physical activity over time, and therefore daily energy expenditure . Physical activity may be kept within narrow tolerance limits in order to maintain energy balance, much like internal body temperature, pH, and blood pressure . For example, on a day that an individual jogged for 30 minutes, they might increase the amount of time spent being sedentary; whereas on a day that the same individual did not jog, they might increase the amount of time spent walking and decrease the amount of time in sedentary activities.
Fragile X syndrome , caused by a mutation in FMR1 at Xq27.3, is the most common inherited cause of mental impairment and the leading known single gene cause of autism. The behavioral phenotype is characterized by deficits in attention and inhibitory control, autistic symptoms, social anxiety and withdrawal, hyperarousal, and gaze aversion  . However, new leads to potential targeted treatments have come from recent advances in the neurobiology of FXS.
Anionic lipids and cholesterol  are often critical membrane components to ensure ion channel stability and functionality. These lipids appeared to be phosphatidylcholine  molecules, which do not exist naturally in the bacterial membrane. The ability of PA and CHOL to reduce lipid fluidity has been proposed to indirectly affect the nAChR function,, but other lines of experimental evidence point to direct effects.
Most illicit drug use initiation begins between the ages of 12 and 20, with peak periods of initiation of drug use between ages 15 and 19 . Clinical studies suggest that drug use during adolescence may lead to an increased likelihood of chronic drug use during adulthood . It has been suggested that these changes during adolescence could lead to differential responses to drugs compared to that seen in juveniles or adults .
developed a technique to image electrical conductivity using the ultrasonically induced Lorentz force. An ultrasonic wave is passed through tissue in the presence of a magnetic field. The wave causes the tissue  and the charged ions within the tissue  to move.
Rod and cone photoreceptors are two major photoreceptor cell types in vertebrates. As their names indicate, rod and cone photoreceptors have been classified based on the shape of their respective outer segments . The topology of cone disk membranes appears to vary among species.
Research on source memory  the ability to recall the conditions under which a memory was acquired  has increasingly come to focus on how agendas at the time of retrieval can influence which mnemonic features are retrieved and used to make source judgments . One factor that has been shown to influence source memory judgments is the number of sources mentioned in the test instructions: Subjects are more likely to falsely attribute items to a source if that source is the only one mentioned at test  vs. if multiple sources are mentioned at test  . The goal of our study is to map out differences in how subjects make source judgments on single agenda vs. multi agenda tests.
Research examining the potential impact of gender on quality of life in HIV/AIDS is limited . A US based study showed that women and HIV infected individuals reported the poorest QOL scores . In another study, a sample of 126 low socioeconomic men and women seeking care from HIV treatment centers in the United States was surveyed using measures of physical and psychological well being.
Membrane proteins, which constitute a third of all proteins in nature, regulate and direct a host of important cellular processes, ranging from transport of nutrients to generation of energy. Membrane proteins exhibit molecular motions on a wide range of time scales under physiological conditions and insight into their motions is the key to understanding their functions. Molecular motions on the order of milliseconds are frequently observed in many essential and fascinating biological processes ranging from ligand binding to enzyme catalysis.
One potentially important application of functional image information is in the planning, guidance, and assessment of therapeutic interventions. Radiation treatment of cancer has long been an image guided therapeutic modality. Extensive 3D anatomic information from CT and MRI came into widespread use for radiation treatment planning in the 1980’s and 1990’s.
Information about injuries sustained by survivors of airplane crashes is scant, although some information is available on fatal aviation related injuries. Objectives of this study were to explore the patterns of aviation related injuries admitted to U.S. hospitals and relate them to aviation deaths in the same period . The Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project  Nationwide Inpatient Sample  contains information for approximately 20% of all hospital admissions in the United States each year.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the aging process is associated with increased risk for disease that can cause physical and economic burden for older adults. Thus, the growing older adult population places significant burden on the health care system. From anti wrinkle creams to antioxidants, many companies are currently in the business of selling products to delay the aging process.
Heart disease is not only the leading cause of death, disability, and healthcare expense in the US, but also the leading cause of death worldwide, and treatments to reduce cardiac damage could have significant health and fiscal impacts. Sustained β adrenergic receptor  activation was shown to enhance the synthesis of myocardial proteins. Catecholamine induced cardiac hypertrophy is associated with reduced contractile responses to adrenergic agonists, an effect attributed to the down regulation of myocardial β ARs, uncoupling of the β ARs and adenylate cyclase, in addition to modifications of downstream cAMP mediated signaling., SDF 1 CXCR4 axis was identified as a key factor in the recruitment of stem cells to areas of tissue injury in multiple organ systems.
Chronic lower respiratory diseases are the third leading cause of death In the United States, resulting in 137,082 deaths in 2009. Lung function, as assessed by the spirometric measures of forced expiratory volume in one second , forced vital capacity  and the FEV1 to FVC ratio , is an objective indicator of general respiratory health, as well as an important long term predictor of morbidity and mortality. Recently, genome wide association studies  have begun to shed light on the complex genetic architecture of lung function measures.
The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of cardiovascular risk factors including elevated blood pressure, dyslipidemia, impaired glycemic control, and abdominal obesity. This syndrome affects about 25% of the adult US population and is reaching an epidemic spread in parallel to obesity, which is estimated to affect about 312 million people worldwide. With at least 1.1 billion overweight people, the incidence of the metabolic syndrome is expected to continue to rise, warranting thorough mechanistic understanding to enable optimal treatment at a socioeconomic scale .
Plant oil is an important renewable resource for both edible and industrial uses. Increases in corn seed oil content are possible by traditional breeding. The synthesis of storage oils requires the coordinated activity of many enzymes in the lipid biosynthetic pathway.
ATF5 is a member of the activating transcription factor/cAMP response element binding  protein family that represents a large group of basic leucine zipper  transcription factors with diverse physiological functions . Recent studies have shown that ATF5 is a regulator of cell survival that is specific to cancer cells . Exogenous expression of ATF5 suppresses apoptosis in HeLa cells induced by serum withdrawal and in FL5.12 cells, an interleukin 3  dependent cell line, from IL 3 deprivation .
The dentate gyrus is one of only two regions of the mammalian brain  where substantial neurogenesis has been unequivocally shown to occur postnatally . In primates, although the majority of the neurons in the hippocampal formation are generated prenatally , neurogenesis has been shown to continue throughout life in the dentate gyrus of marmosets , macaque monkeys  and humans . Later studies using the cell division marker 5′ bromo 2 deoxyuridine  revealed that neurogenesis occurs in adult primates , but did not fully appreciate its importance with respect to the addition of new neurons and their maturation into hippocampal circuits.
Ubiquitin mediated proteolysis of cell cycle proteins is critical for tight control of normal cell proliferation and is often deregulated in human cancers . One major class of multi subunit E3 ubiquitin ligases is Skp1/Cullin/F box protein  complexes. SCF complexes target many cell cycle regulators and their deregulation contributes to neoplastic transformation .
With declining fertility rates and increasing life expectancy, the population of Sri Lanka is rapidly ageing . Elderly Sri Lankans  constituted 9.4% of the population in 2006, up from 9.1% in 2001 and from 6.9% in 1998 . Care of elders in Sri Lanka remains the responsibility of their adult children, but migration patterns, increasingly common dual earning households, and a shift from the extended family structure to a nuclear family structure, all contribute to a reduction in the availability of caregivers .
Active smoking has long been considered deleterious to health and a risk factor for a number of diseases . Cigarette smoke contains more than 4,000 chemicals and at least 60 known carcinogens . Research has found that sidestream smoke, the smoke from the tip of cigarette, contains greater amounts of tar, nicotine, and other chemicals, than mainstream smoke .
Over 50% of individuals with an anterior cruciate ligament  injury and reconstruction develop post traumatic osteoarthritis . Multiple studies have shown that individuals with ACL reconstruction  continue to demonstrate abnormal walking mechanics of the reconstructed knee when compared to the contralateral knee and compared to control subjects. It has been hypothesized that abnormal gait mechanics may contribute to altered cartilage loading and subsequent PTOA following an ACL R. Specifically, higher external knee adduction moment  and dynamic knee varus during walking have been implicated in the pathogenesis of knee OA.
Enormous progress has recently been made to understand the genetic basis of dilated cardiomyopathy . Also, identified mutations are usually unique  to that family, and this allelic heterogeneity demands that, minimally, all coding exons and intron/exon junctions of any gene under study be examined to exclude variants relevant for disease. Furthermore, some of the genes that harbor DCM mutations are very large.
At times near the onset of saccadic eye movements, our spatial perception can be distorted. Specifically, a flashed stimulus presented shortly before or after saccade onset is likely to be mislocalized. One remaining mystery about this phenomenon is the non uniformity of the mislocalization.
Vietnam is disproportionately affected by the HIV epidemic amongst countries in Southeast Asia . The HIV epidemic in Vietnam is concentrated in high risk populations, including injection drug users, male and female sex workers, and men who have sex with men  . A large proportion of MSW in Vietnam are in urban areas, are frequently migrants from other regions, and have unstable housing .
Hidradenitis Suppurativa  is a follicular occlusion disorder occurring in apocrine rich areas that often presents with tender, occasionally draining, papules and nodules with an onset early in puberty, occasionally leading to sinus tract formation. Associations with other illnesses  have been described. Due to the involvement of many different sites, HS patients may see not only dermatologists, but also general internists, colorectal surgeons, plastic surgeons, gastroenterologists and family physicians.
The formation and retrieval of relational memories critically depends on the hippocampus, as demonstrated by numerous lesion, electrophysiological, and human imaging studies . Nonetheless, how it performs these operations remains poorly understood. Strictly in terms of neuronal firing rate, previously encoded events can be distinguished from novel ones by increased activity for events that match stored representations , or by greater activity for novel events .
A growing body of evidence indicates that group I metabotropic glutamate receptors , which include mGluR1 and mGluR5 receptors, play a critical role in the reinstatement of cocaine seeking behavior, an animal model of relapse. Group I mGluRs are expressed predominantly on postsynaptic membranes  throughout the brain including the nucleus accumbens . The nucleus accumbens is a heterogeneous structure that consists of two major subregions, the core and the shell, each of which modulates aspects of cocaine seeking behavior .
Phospholipase D  catalyzes the hydrolysis of phosphatidylcholine to generate the lipid second messenger phosphatidic acid , and choline, in response to mitogenic signals such as PDGF, EGF, FGF, insulin, IGF, VEGF and serum . The expression levels of the PLD gene are under developmental control and can also vary during the different stages of cell differentiation. Cell differentiation is accompanied with a very large increase in PLD2 expression.
Urinary catheters are frequently used for both short  and long term care in skilled nursing home  facilities. , Within Department of Veterans Affairs NHs, 14% of residents have an indwelling urinary catheter. Microbial surveys have shown that over 95% of all NH residents with urinary catheters have bacteriuria.
Huntington’s disease  is a neurodegenerative disorder caused by a polyglutamine repeat expansion in the huntingtin  protein, producing the pathological mutant huntingtin  . Synaptic dysfunction and striatal neurodegeneration in HD are attributed, in part, to abnormal localization, function and signaling of NMDA receptors  and subsequent elevated excitotoxicity . In presymptomatic yeast artificial chromosome mice expressing full length Htt with 128 polyglutamine repeats , NMDARs traffic faster to the cell surface and accumulate at extrasynaptic sites .
Recruitment of circulating monocytes, their differentiation into macrophages, uptake of LDL derived cholesterol, and the ensuing activation of a broad range of inflammatory responses are the major events leading to atherosclerosis initiation and progression. Hypercholesterolemia for example is intimately associated with monocytosis and gives rise to proinflammatory Ly 6C+ monocyte subsets, which infiltrate the arterial wall to contribute to atherosclerosis formation. The majority of these circulating monocytes originate from hematopoietic stem cell commitment to myeloid progenitor cells and their proliferation in response to atherogenic cues.
Obesity is a major risk factor for common disorders such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, and cancer . α Melanocyte stimulating hormone , a thirteen amino acid peptide derived from proopiomelanocortin , is involved in regulation of food intake and energy homeostasis in mammals,  and is an inhibitor of inflammatory reactions. α MSH suppresses feeding behavior in mice and fish,  and POMC mRNA expression is increased in the pituitaries of genetically obese mice .
Vaccinia virus  is a complex, enveloped virus with an ~ 189 kbp double stranded DNA genome. The EV has an additional outer membrane layer and thus exhibits different proteins on its surface compared to the MV . The envelope of the MV consists of approximately twenty five integral or peripheral membrane proteins , at least sixteen of which have been implicated to function in virus entry and/or fusion  .
Herpetic stromal keratitis  is a chronic immunoinflammatory condition that develops in corneal tissue in response to recurrent herpes simplex virus 1  infection of the cornea. Studies carried out in mouse models have clearly shown the involvement of both innate and adaptive immune cells in regulating the severity of HSK . In addition, recent studies suggest the involvement of CD8 T cells in clearing HSV 1 from corneas at late time points post infection .
How are innate behaviors programmed into the genome? Social behaviors, such as courtship and aggression, are of particular interest, because they have strong innate components. Mating has been studied in both Drosophila and C. elegans using a combination of molecular genetic and cellular approaches,.
A large class of cellular response systems regulates the flux and concentration of small molecules by controlling transport and metabolism pathways via two feedback loops connected by a common transcription factor  that senses the intracellular concentration of the small molecule. The simplest systems consist of two operons, a regulator gene and a regulated operon containing at least two cistrons, one encoding a transporter and the other encoding an enzyme which modifies/degrades the small molecule. In E. coli cells expression of several sugar operons are repressed when glucose is abundant in the growth medium.
Cryopreservation of oocytes or ovarian tissue provides a potential option for fertility preservation of women facing the loss of reproductive function, either due to diseases such as cancer or treatments, including radiation and chemotherapy . Cryopreserved and thawed ovarian tissue has been successfully reimplanted and has produced live births, with lower success rates for frozen tissue vs. fresh transplant . Ovarian tissue is cryopreserved using conventional freezing  or vitrification .
Epithelial ovarian cancer is the most lethal gynecologic malignancy and the fourth leading cause of death from cancer among women. Continuous menstrual cycle activity is the strongest risk factor for the sporadic form of ovarian carcinomas  including the serous subtype, the most common histological subtype of this disease, while being a carrier of a mutation in BRCA1 is the most common risk factor for the familial form . Although BRCA1 expression is reduced in some sporadic ovarian tumors , there is no definitive evidence that this protein is important for their development.
Candida albicans is a frequent cause of both mucocutaneous and systemic infections . Incidence of invasive candidiasis is increasing among immunocompromised patients with mortality rates ranging from 30 50% despite aggressive antifungal therapy . Central to the pathogenesis of this organism is its ability to respond to environmental signals by changing its growth morphology.
Relaxation dispersion NMR techniques provide a powerful approach for characterizing transient excursions away from energetically favorable ground state  conformations of biomolecules toward short lived  and low populated  excited states . Such fleeting states have been shown to play important roles in signaling, folding, catalysis, and recognition. Carr Purcell Meiboom Gill  relaxation dispersion experiments involve the application of a series of 180° pulses during a relaxation period at varying time intervals to modulate the chemical exchange contribution  to the observed transverse relaxation rate .
Designing and implementing a human research protocol has grown increasingly challenging due to the increasing expectations about scientific and biostatistical rigor, the growth in regulatory requirements, and the increasing subtlety of bioethical review. As a result, the successful design of a human research protocol requires inputs from a variety of content experts in addition to the investigator. We hypothesized that having an expert and experienced leader  coordinate and integrate those inputs in a structured program could expand opportunities for, and accelerate, translational research by: 1) lowering the barriers for basic investigators to develop human subjects protocols, 2) providing practical and comprehensive education in the principles of good clinical practice , 3) speeding IRB approval, and 4) insuring scientific quality .
Reactive chemical species including free radicals and non free radical species have a significant role in cell signaling and tissue damage . Nitrone spin traps are a group of synthetic chemicals initially designed for stabilizing free radicals to allow their detection by electron spin resonance  spectroscopy . The nitrone spin trap 5,5 dimethyl 1 pyrroline N oxide  was first introduced by Janzen and his colleagues about 40 years ago .
Working memory  refers to the ability to maintain goal relevant information in mind. Electrophysiological, lesion, and cooling studies with primates  and functional neuroimaging studies with humans   provide convergent evidence that prefrontal and parietal cortices support the maintenance of information in WM in the absence of perceptual information. Behavioral studies have documented an increase in WM ability from childhood to adulthood .
Reducing infection and mortality rates from viral pathogens, such as dengue and Ebola viruses, requires rapid and early diagnosis. This need poses a special challenge in economically challenged areas with limited laboratory infrastructure where these viruses are often endemic. Lateral flow assays  are a rapid, cheap, and simple option for POC diagnosis.
The ADNI  is a large longitudinal study of patients with probable Alzheimer's disease , patients with mild cognitive impairment  and healthy elderly controls followed for at least 23 years. Many participants in the ADNI are being treated with medications, and these may have beneficial or deleterious effects . Diagnosis, demographics, medication status, psychometric data and MRI measures of hippocampal volume and entorhinal cortex thickness were obtained for 818 participants from the ADNI cohort.
Acute Trypanosoma cruzi infection is followed by a lifelong chronic phase during which 10% to 30% of infected patients develop clinical Chagas disease . Seven to 10% of patients develop megasyndromes involving the GI tract, in particular, the esophagus and the colon . These megasyndromes are coupled with gastrointestinal motility disturbances in patients with Chagas disease .
of Haemophilus influenzae type b  conjugate vaccines into childhood immunization programs has dramatically reduced the incidence of Hib meningitis in countries using Hib vaccines . Hib conjugate vaccines are highly efficacious against invasive Hib disease , decrease Hib carriage among vaccinated children and reduce transmission and invasive disease among non immunized children  . Hib conjugate vaccines do not prevent H. influenzae disease due to other serotypes, raising the potential for the emergence of H. influenzae disease due to virulent organisms with non type b capsules .
Taenia solium and T. saginata are among the most prevalent human tapeworms in the world. The intermediate host of T. solium are mainly pigs. Humans act as definitive hosts for the parasite.
The functional, three dimensional structure of a protein reflects a careful balance of diverse noncovalent interactions. Stabilizing forces such as hydrogen bonds, salt bridges, and hydrophobic effect have been studied extensively. In contrast, much less is known about cationπ interactions in proteins, in part because of the challenges inherent to rigorous characterization of these interactions.
Simian immunodeficiency viruses  belong to the group of lentiviruses that infect non human primates . The lentiviruses that cause immunodeficiencies in humans and Asian macaques originated from cross species transmission of viruses that naturally infect nonhuman primates in Africa. Moreover, both SIV infection of Asian macaques and HIV 1 infection of humans result in chronic infection and the majority of infected individuals progress to AIDS .
The recessive Arabidopsis acd11 mutant initiates defense related programmed cell death  at the early seedling stage, leading to a lethal phenotype before flowering . The ACD11 protein has homology to glycolipid transfer proteins  found in most eukaryotes . The biological role of mammalian GLTP remains unknown, but the protein is well characterized structurally and biophysically .
Distinct types of neurons and glia are generated from progenitor cells following a precise spatial and temporal order during development of the nervous system. In the developing spinal cord, sequential generation of neurons and glia has been observed in different progenitor domains along the D V axis. At the onset of neurogenesis, ventrally located motor neurons  are the first type of neurons generated in the spinal cord, and various subtypes of MNs are born from the MN progenitor domain  at different times during development.
Neonatal herpes is one of the most serious consequences of herpes simplex virus  infection, and is a significant public health concern in many developed countries. . To reduce the risk of perinatal transmission of HSV, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists  and the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada  have recommended that caesarean delivery be performed on women presenting with genital herpes lesions at the onset of labour.
The presence of necrotic areas is a common feature of human solid tumors . This genus comprises a large and heterogeneous group of gram positive, spore forming bacteria that become vegetative and grow only in the absence  of oxygen and can be genetically engineered to produce a prodrug activating enzyme to specifically target anticancer drugs to tumors, an approach we have termed Clostridia Directed Enzyme Prodrug Therapy   . Initially, efforts to use the tumor targeting properties of non pathogenic strains of Clostridia focused on the fact that following intravenous injection, spores of these strains localized and germinated in the necrotic areas of experimental tumors and produced extensive tumor lysis.
Adoptive cell transfer of T lymphocytes has demonstrated successful tumor regression in clinical trials. , Although such responses are promising, one obstacle to T cell therapy is the requirement for T cell activation through the TCR with subsequent clonal expansion not only to generate sufficient numbers for effective tumor rejection but to activate effector molecules such as FasL to become involved in actual tumor killing. Signaling through the FasL lytic pathway is triggered when low or high affinity T cell receptor engagement of antigen occurs, whereas perforin/granzyme mediated killing is dependent on high affinity TCRantigen interactions.
Over the past several decades, investigators, academic institutions, and funding agencies have been increasingly investing in cross disciplinary team science initiatives with the aim of producing more comprehensive and innovative science that can effectively address important real world problems . The cross disciplinary research approach can be conceptualized along a continuum of increasing disciplinary integration, with unidisciplinary research at one end of the continuum and transdisciplinary  research at the other end . This definition highlights the goals not only to synthesize approaches from the contributing disciplines, but also to extend beyond these origins to produce new approaches that yield scientific innovations and findings with practical relevance to solving real world problems .
In 2010, an estimated 59,000 Americans were diagnosed with renal cell carcinoma  and approximately 13,000 died from the disease . The different subtypes of RCC and their distinct molecular characteristics  has led to improved treatment and therapy directed by tumor subtype . Although cytokine therapy with interferon alfa or interleukin 2  was considered as the standard treatment for metastatic RCC  prior to the introduction of targeted therapies, the latter are now considered the standard of care for most patients with mRCC .
The p27kip1 protein is a member of a family of CDK inhibitors  and plays an important role in multiple fundamental cellular processes and in the pathogenesis of human malignancies, with roles in cell proliferation, cell senescence, cell differentiation, migration, and invasion . P27kip1 is frequently inactivated in human cancers through accelerated proteolysis, and reduced p27kip1 expression has been shown to be associated with poor prognosis in a variety of human malignancies , whereas restoration of p27kip1 levels can inhibit tumor growth and progression . Identifying new pathways and molecules which regulate p27 expression is therefore critical for developing cancer treatments through restoration of p27 levels .
Myelinated axons are segregated into distinct domains that include the node of Ranvier, its flanking paranodal and juxtaparanodal regions, and the internode. These CAMs in turn bind to cytoskeletal and scaffolding proteins such as ankyrins, spectrins, 4.1 proteins, and MAGUKs. Finally, these cytoskeletal proteins and scaffolds function to recruit and/or stabilize the ion channels necessary for action potential conduction .
Apathy is increasingly being recognized as a common and clinically significant neurobehavioral syndrome. Similar prevalence of apathy has also been reported in frontotemporal degeneration . While clinicians appreciate the prevalence of apathy in dementia, little has been reported about its pathophysiology, characteristics, and behavioral associations .
Mammalian cystathionine β synthase  catalyzes the condensation of homocysteine with serine to form cystathionine and water in the first step of the transsulfuration pathway that yields cysteine. Additionally, elevations in plasma homocysteine correlate with other pathologies such as neurological disorders . CBS is the only known PLP dependent enzyme that also contains heme .
Bile acids  are essential for the normal digestion and absorption of lipids and vitamins . Chenodeoxycholic acid  and cholic acid , the two primary BAs in humans, are secreted from the gallbladder into the intestine, and are absorbed and recycled via the enterohepatic circulation. The small amounts of primary BAs that reach the colon are dehydroxylated by bacterial enzymes, forming secondary BAs .
Vitamin B12 , or cobalamin, plays a key role in cellular metabolism and DNA synthesis. It is produced in nature only by microbial synthesis, and animal products are the principal dietary sources for humans. Prevalence rates of deficiency of 47 71% have been reported among adults.
Glioblastoma multiforme  is the highest grade primary glioma  with a median survival time of approximately 12 months . Thus, current research for GBM therapy is focused on the elimination of these residual, post resection tumor cells. Adeno associated virus  vector mediated gene delivery for brain tumor therapy using transgenes encoding anti tumor proteins has shown promising results in experimental GBM models .
Human B7 H3  is a member of the B7/CD28 immunoglobulin superfamily which provides crucial costimulatory signals that regulate T cell functions in tumor surveillance, infections, and autoimmune diseases . The inhibitory role of B7 H3 was supported by the reports that both 2Ig and 4Ig forms of human B7 H3 inhibited T cell proliferation and cytokine production . In more recent studies of patients with prostate cancer, tumor B7 H3 expression was strongly correlated with disease spread at time of surgery, increased risk of clinical cancer recurrence and cancer specific death .
Cigarette’s addictive properties are largely due to the psychoactive effects of nicotine. Due to the relatively short half life of nicotine, approximately 2 hours, dependent smokers smoke at regular intervals to maintain nicotine levels. Therefore, factors that influence the intake or removal  of nicotine from the body can affect smoking behaviours such as the number of cigarettes smoked or the likelihood of cessation.
Farmers’ markets have been increasing in prevalence, and a 3.6% growth from 2012 to 2013 has led to 8,144 markets identified by the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s  directory. However, little is known about medical center farmers’ markets customers and current outreach efforts . Medical center farmers’ markets have the opportunity to accomplish more than simply selling produce.
Head and neck cancer  and its associated complications will account for 53,000 new cases and 13,000 deaths in 2013 . Thus, a means to prevent these pathologies would be highly desirable . Amifostine  is an organic thiophosphate prodrug under investigation for its cytoprotective capabilities in the setting of XRT.
The use of tacrolimus, a calcineurin inhibitor, to prevent solid organ transplant rejection is routinely guided by therapeutic blood level monitoring  . Despite close monitoring and individualization of dosing, TDM has not prevented some transplant recipients from developing chronic calcineurin inhibitor nephrotoxicity   . The pathogenesis of CNIT is complex and largely unpredictable .
There is evidence that chronic infections might increase the risk for diabetogenesis. For example, clinical indicators of periodontal infection were reported to be associated with a 2 fold increase in the risk of diabetes development during 20 years of prospective follow up and more recently, serological evidence of H. pylori infection was found to be associated with a 2.7 fold increase in risk for incident diabetes . Studies have also examined the relationship between infection and early markers of impaired glucose metabolism to advance our understanding of the natural history of associations.
Benzene is an important industrial chemical and also a significant environmental pollutant . Additionally, benzene metabolites may give rise to reactive oxygen species   . Mitochondria also play a role in cell apoptosis.
Men are typically assumed to respond more to visual sexual stimuli than women. Studies asking participants to indicate how attractive and sexually arousing they find visual sexual stimuli generally report higher ratings from men than from women , although there is substantial variability in the effect size of this sex difference . This variability may be due, in part, to the use of uncontrolled and varied types of experimental sexual stimuli.
The first case of human immunodeficiency virus  in Vietnam was reported in 1990. By 2006 the number of reported cases had increased to 280,000 representing an overall prevalence estimate of 0.5% among adults . In Vietnam, the HIV epidemic began and remains largely concentrated in injection drug users  and commercial sex workers .
In vivo cellular level monitoring and probing of biological systems can be realized using different microscopy techniques. Pancreatic islets or islets of Langerhans are highly vascularized micro organs in which the blood vessels have a distinct and tortuous architecture . In rodents, they are composed of a core of β cells, which produce insulin .
The trigeminal sensory complex in the brainstem is the first relay in the central nervous system for facial somatosensation. The STN is divided into three subnuclei, subnuclei oralis , interpolaris  and caudalis   . Rats and mice are useful for studying trigeminal somatosensation because their mystacial vibrissae have large, anatomically visible representations, with each facial whisker follicle visible as a distinct unit.
The locus coeruleus ,a small nucleus located in the pons, is the main source of brain norepinephrine especially for the hippocampus and forebrain. The activity of LC neurons is considered to be involved in numerous important functions including response to stress, attention, emotion, motivation, decision making, learning and memory. It is reported that LC neuronal numbers decrease during normal aging and in aging related diseases.
Colorectal cancer  remains the third most common cancer in both men and women and the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the U.S. National guidelines, including those from the United States Preventive Services Task Force and the American Cancer Society, recommend CRC screening for all men and women 50 years of age and older. While there is no ideal screening method, recommended screening modalities include fecal occult blood testing, sigmoidoscopy, colonoscopy, double contrast barium enema, as well as CT colonography and fecal DNA analysis. While studies suggest that up to 60% of colorectal cancer deaths could be prevented with routine CRC screening, a major barrier to decreasing colorectal cancer morbidity and mortality is poor utilization of CRC screening procedures.
Obstructive sleep apnea  is characterized by repeated episodes of upper airway obstruction that are associated with reductions in ventilation, arousals and/or oxyhemoglobin desaturations during sleep . OSA can lead to excessive daytime sleepiness and fatigue, which, in turn, may cause vehicular and industrial accidents . In addition to neurocognitive sequelae , OSA is associated with increased cardiovascular disease  morbidity and mortality  .
Effective communication and teamwork have been recognized as critical drivers of quality and safety in many “High Consequence” industries. High consequence industries are those in which critical procedures are conducted in environments of high complexity and failure is potentially catastrophic . Within the surgical domain, one analysis demonstrated incomplete, nonexistent, or erroneous communication to be a causal factor in 43% of errors .
Plasma high density lipoprotein  levels are inversely correlated with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and raising HDL levels by lifestyle changes or pharmacological interventions is an emerging strategy that might help to reduce the residual burden of disease in patients treated with Low density lipoprotein  lowering approaches , . While increasing synthesis or infusion of apolipoprotein A I  or HDL reduces atherosclerosis in animals and humans, it is not clear that all approaches to raising HDL will reduce atherosclerosis . The scavenger receptor B I  is a major factor regulating HDL catabolism.
Radiolabeled antibody targeting of tumor associated antigens often requires several days for adequate visualization of tumors due to the slow pharmacokinetics and accretion of intact antibodies in tumors . Pretargeting techniques were developed to improve radioimmunotargeting of tumors . The disadvantages of the biotin avidin based approaches are the immunogenicity of avidin and the need for a clearing agent to remove the antibody conjugate from the blood .
Amino acid based radiotracers target tumor cells through increased uptake by membrane associated amino acid transport  systems. In the present study, four structurally related non natural 18F labeled amino acids,   and  FAMP 1 and   and  MeFAMP 2 have been prepared and evaluated in vitro and in vivo for their potential utility in brain and systemic tumor imaging based upon primarily system A transport with positron emission tomography  . The transport of enantiomers of FAMP 1 and MeFAMP 2 was measured through in vitro uptake assays in human derived cancer cells including A549 , DU145 , SKOV3 , MDA MB468  and U87  in the presence and absence of amino acid transporter inhibitors.
Under physiological conditions, the endothelial cells play an important role in regulating vascular tone and in maintaining an anti thrombogenic layer through the release of substances such as nitric oxide  and prostacyclin . In this process, NO is produced by endothelial nitric oxide synthase  during the enzymatic conversion of L arginine to L citrulline , while PGI2 is formed from arachidonic acid  through a series of enzymatic conversions mediated by cyclooxygenase  and PGI2 synthase  . In the coronary microvascular endothelium of the pig, PGI2 and another vasodilator prostanoid, prostaglandin E2 , have been found to be predominant products of COX metabolism .
  The data used for this investigation came from the baseline assessment of an ongoing randomized control trial, “Project EARLY”, developed to test the efficacy of a one session motivational interviewing based intervention to reduce alcohol exposed pregnancy risk among women of child bearing age . Alcohol exposed pregnancy risk was defined as having sexual intercourse with a man while using contraception ineffectively  and drinking at risky levels, defined as consuming on average more than 7 standard drinks per week or more than three drinks on one occasion . Exclusion criteria were:  Untreated Major Depressive Disorder according to DSM IV TR criteria ;  Untreated Opioid Dependence according to DSM IV TR criteria .
Hepcidin is a peptide hormone synthesized in the liver and is the principal regulator of systemic iron homeostasis. Hepcidin controls plasma iron concentration and tissue iron distribution by inhibiting intestinal iron absorption, iron recycling by macrophages, and iron mobilization from hepatic stores . Hepcidin influences iron absorption through direct binding to ferroportin at the basolateral membrane, leading to decreased export of iron to the circulation system .
Atherosclerosis is triggered by complex interactions between macrophages, smooth muscle cells and extracellular matrix molecules, following the pathologic build up of low density lipoproteins  within the vascular wall region. OxLDL uptake is mediated by scavenger receptors, which unlike the receptors for native LDL, are not down regulated. Interactions of ligands with CD36 are generally hydrophobic and only somewhat mediated by charge.
Non invasive prenatal testing  using cell free DNA has proven to be highly sensitive and specific for the detection of fetal aneuploidy  . NIPT works by analyzing circulating fetal DNA, whose concentration comprises between 340% of the total cell free DNA in maternal serum. Because of its safety profile, NIPT can be particularly useful in the third trimester, allowing for diagnosis without the risk of premature labor, and appropriate planning and preparation for acute perinatal and neonatal management as required .
Myelinating oligodendrocytes originate from well characterized oligodendrocyte progenitor cells  whose major source in the postnatal brain is the subventricular zone . While differentiated oligodendrocytes cannot migrate, OPCs migrate from SVZ into developing white matter where they can again divide, before finally differentiating and myelinating axons  . These include extracellular matrix components , growth factors  and chemokines .
One way cancers arise is due to accumulation of varied types of genomic instabilities. The ability of cells to efficiently and faithfully replicate their genome is critical for maintaining the integrity of the genome and preventing tumorigenesis. Replication stresses due to endogenous factors include the presence of G rich sequences and highly repeated regions that are difficult to replicate.
Constitutive MAPK activation is frequent in human cancer and is often the result of activating mutations in RAS  . Mutationally activated forms of RAS were first identified in the Harvey and Kirsten sarcoma viruses, in which they were determined to be oncogenic  . Shortly thereafter, somatic RAS mutations were detected in human tumors  .
Obesity is a primary risk factor for osteoarthritis; however, there is currently no comprehensive explanation for why obesity increases the risk of OA at sites throughout the body. Most hypotheses focus on mechanical factors because the risk of developing knee osteoarthritis increases with body weight . One adipokine in particular, leptin, is known to influence all of these varied processes  .
Persons living with HIV  in the US smoke cigarettes at approximately triple the rate of the general adult population, and tobacco use has emerged as a leading killer in the highly active antiretroviral therapy  era. It is driving alarming rises in the incidences of cardiovascular disease, lung cancer, and head and neck cancers in this population. It is also associated with inferior adherence to HAART and poorer quality of life .
The mature mouse prostate is comprised of four bilaterally symmetric lobes: anterior, dorsal, lateral and ventral. Dorsal prostate buds also emerge on E16.5 and lateral and ventral buds are the last to appear on approximately E17.5 . The most fundamental aspect of the prostatic budding mechanism, how activation of ARs by fetal testosterone participates in bud initiation and patterning, remains unknown.
Cytoplasmic dynein is a large multisubunit motor protein implicated in the transport of membranous organelles, chromosomes and other cargos . This interaction has been proposed as a mechanism to link dynein to cargo in both interphase and mitosis . However, additional dynein subunits have also been implicated in tethering dynein to cargo, raising the possibility that multiple dynein subunits are responsible for organelle binding.
Carbon monoxide  is one of the more toxic agents present in the gas phase of tobacco smoke. It is a colourless, odourless, tasteless and non irritating gas formed when tobacco is not burned completely. It is present in mainstream smoke which is directly inhaled by an active smokers, at levels of 5 to 22 mg/cigarette.
Epigenetic dysfunction is a common and perhaps universal feature of human cancer. Studies into the biological consequences of hypo  and hypermethylation indicate that each plays a participative role in carcinogenesis . While significant progress has been made in identifying aberrant methylation events that occur during carcinogenesis, the timing, origins, and consequences of these events remain incompletely understood .
The production of the vasodilator nitric oxide  by endothelial nitric oxide synthase  is critical for the maintenance of normal vasomotor function. Tetrahydrobiopterin  is an essential cofactor required for activity of eNOS. BH4 is synthesized from guanosine triphosphate  in a three step process that is initiated by the enzyme GTP cyclohydrolase I .
Insulin like growth factor 1 receptor  represents a ubiquitously expressed heterotetrameric protein involved in the regulation of proliferation and metabolic function of many cell types . TSHR mediates the influence TSH exerts on specialized thyroidal function. Most of the downstream signaling provoked by TSHR occupancy occurs as a consequence of its interactions with G proteins and the activation of adenylate cyclase .
Chronic inflammatory disorders are relapsing and remitting conditions that reflect an underlying immune dysfunction. In the latter category, the thiopurines azathioprine and 6 mercaptopurine , are the treatments of choice for severe inflammatory bowel disease  and are often used in the management of rheumatoid arthritis . Thiopurines are efficacious and 70% of patients with steroid dependent IBD achieve and maintain remission .
There is increasing interest in chemical exchange saturation transfer contrast as several metabolites have been reported to be detectable by this approach in vivo , including amide protons in proteins , creatine , glutamate  and glucose . However, the signal of both endogenous DIACEST agents and exogenous PARACEST agents  may be altered by concomitant effects from direct saturation and semi solid magnetization transfer  . Recent studies have allowed insight into the interaction between direct water saturation and CEST, and showed that the effects add up inversely .
The mitochondrion has developed an elaborate translocation system with translocons on both the mitochondrial outer and inner membranes; proteins destined for the mitochondrion, termed precursors until they reach their correct location, utilize the Translocase of the Outer Membrane  complex and Translocase of Inner Membrane  complexes TIM23 and TIM22 to cross the outer and inner membranes, respectively. The small Tim complexes, Tim8Tim13 or Tim9Tim10, then bind to the substrates to facilitate transport across the intermembrane space. At the inner membrane, the small Tim complexes hand the substrate over to the insertion complex.
Drug regimen adherence and long term systemic toxicities are notable risk factors for safety and efficacy of lifelong antiretroviral therapy . The establishment of ART depots would circumvent this risk by requiring less frequent drug administrations. While prior clinical studies support the idea that viral suppression could be achieved with a simplified regimen of protease inhibitors atazanvir  and ritonavir , none have created long acting antiretroviral formulations nor correlated immune outcomes with drug distribution to tissue viral reservoirs.
Familial ovarian cancer is under strong genetic control, with many known high penetrance genetic risk factors, such as the rare BRCA1/2 mutations . Recently, many studies of epigenetics, such as DNAm, have been completed that add to the understanding of cancer development, risk and progression , including ovarian cancer . Many such studies have focused on methylation patterns in ovarian tumor tissue, demonstrating a clear role of DNAm in EOC tumors and facilitating improved understanding of cancer biology  .
“An old time hominid would be liable to pay dearly, had s/he failed to recognize a pair of glowing dots in the bush at dark as the eyes of a predator, mistaking it for two fireflies” David Navon We tend to see faces in objects that have constituent parts resembling those of a face. This is an example of a phenomenon called pareidolia, which involves the perception of an ambiguous and random stimulus as significant, such as seeing faces in landscapes, clouds   or even in grilled toasts . Why and how do we tend to see faces in objects that have constituent parts resembling those of a face?
Periosteum contains a population of stem/progenitor cells that play key roles in cortical bone repair . Following cortical bone fracture or osteotomy, the local progenitor cells residing in periosteum are activated, enabling them to respond to biological or biophysical stimuli produced within the local injury milieu. During the first few days of fracture, hematoma is formed followed by infiltration of inflammatory cells and release of growth factors.
The first tumor suppressor to be cloned was the retinoblastoma gene, Rb. Overall, greater than 70% of osteosarcomas demonstrate a molecular change or mutation at the Rb locus  . Overexpression of pRb causes G1 cell cycle arrest , while acute ablation of pRb induces cell cycle re entry in quiescent cells .
Numerous studies have shown that DNA efficiently mediates long range charge transport both in solution and at DNA modified surfaces. , SECM is also inherently compatible with aqueous environments, thereby allowing for the direct electrochemical profiling of DNA arrays with micrometer resolution. , In addition, SECM has been used successfully to monitor DNA hybridization and to detect DNA lesions.
Mesenchymal stem/stromal cells  are currently being investigated for a variety of clinical treatment applications. To date, over 300 clinical trials involve the use of MSCs, with over 2000 patients safely treated with MSCs. MSCs are typically cultured ex vivo and expanded to a sufficient cell number before patient administration.
The intramural injection of BoNT/A into the urinary bladder has proven to be a useful therapeutic approach for the treatment of various bladder disorders including refractory idiopathic detrusor overactivity as well as neurogenic detrusor overactivity., Following uptake into nerve terminals BoNT/A is thought to affect bladder function by targeting intracellular proteins involved in exocytosis and then suppressing the release of transmitters from intramural nerves . Though most of the studies on mechanism of action have focused on bladder nerves and change in neural control of the smooth muscle, other cellular targets may also be involved in the therapeutic effects of the toxin. Recent evidence has suggested that BoNT/A may act in part by targeting afferent mechanisms., This may be due to a direct effect on afferent nerves or an indirect effect to block release of transmitters from the epithelial cells that line the bladder wall .
T cell receptor  affinity is a key parameter that dictates T cell fate decisions during development in the thymus and after encounter with antigens in the periphery. Therefore, the majority of self reactive T cells involved in autoimmune disease have escaped thymic selection due to the lower affinity of their TCRs and/or the lack of tissue specific antigen expressed in the thymus. These two mechanisms of escape can potentially result in a self reactive population of T cells with variable TCR affinities.
Three related ocular birth defectsanophthalmia, microphthalmia and colobomaare an important contributor to childhood visual impairment and blindness, impacting 2 out of 10,000 newborns annually. However, each known gene is responsible for only a small percentage of cases, and many additional causative genetic factors still await identification. Studies have shown that gene deletions and duplications may comprise up to 15% of mutations underlying monogenic disease .
A fundamental process of B cells is the expression of different classes of antibodies to neutralize specific pathogens. Each IgG subclass is present in human serum at variable levels and displays a unique profile of effector activities that results in a distinct isotype/subclass profile to a given antigen within a defined local environment . Protein antigens characteristically invoke IgG1 and IgG3 responses whereas IgG2 often predominates in humoral responses to carbohydrate antigens .
Dendritic cells  are a promising target for gene therapeutic strategies to induce antitumor responses, as DC initiate immune responses by presenting tumor associated antigens  to naive T cells. Therapeutic strategies that target DC should aim for high transduction efficiency and specificity, as optimal TAA delivery to DC is critical for the therapeutic efficacy of DC based vaccination strategies. It is well known that the commonly used subgroup C adenovirus serotype 5  is of limited utility for transduction of human DC, both in vitro and in vivo, as DC lack expression of the adenovirus binding receptor CAR .
A large body of work has shown that anxiety disorders aggregate within families . Indeed, family studies indicate that both children of parents with anxiety disorders  and parents of children with anxiety disorders  display higher rates of anxiety disorders than do relatives of family members without anxiety disorders. Although these findings suggest that the transmission of anxiety within families is biological/genetic, quantitative behavioral genetic studies demonstrate that environmental factors have a prominent role in the etiology of anxiety disorders.
CVID is the most commonly diagnosed primary immunodeficiency , likely due to the variety of clinical presentations, although more than 90% of analyzed CVID patients lack a definitive genetic defect . The multifaceted nature of this disease coupled with the lack of solid genetics has led to a dearth of available mouse models to understand the manifestations and mechanisms underlying CVID . As a result, the deficient Ig production common to CVID may not encompass the full mechanistic extent of the disorder .
Ovarian cancer has the highest mortality rate among gynecological malignancies, and is currently the fourth most common cancer in women. Each year, more than 22,000 women are diagnosed with ovarian cancer in the US and about 15,000 women die of the disease, primarily due to difficulties in early diagnosis and poor prognosis . However, the role of linker histone variants in ovarian cancer cells has not been explored .
Hyperpolarization activated current, Ih or If, contributes to many cellular functions such as resting membrane potential, synaptic transmission, and rhythmic activity in neurons and myocytes . One of the unique features about this current is its distinct properties in different tissues . Each isoform exhibits different gating properties when expressed in heterologous expressing systems such as Xenopus oocytes and HEK293 cells  .
Toxic red tides  were reported along the Florida Gulf coast by Spanish explorers in the 1500s with written documentation in the 1840s . Brevetoxins are polycyclic ether ladder compounds that are differentiated into two similar, yet distinct backbone structures PbTx 1  with 10 rings, and PbTx 2  with 11 rings  . The primary mode of action is binding of PbTx to site 5 of voltage sensitive sodium channels  in neurons .
Praziquantel, the drug of choice against schistosomiasis,  has shown excellent safety and therapeutic effect against schistosomiasis morbidity. Praziquantel became available in 1979, but had never been studied in pregnant or lactating women hence, although presumed safe in pregnancy based on animal studies, was widely withheld from pregnant or lactating women during treatment programmes . In 2002, an informal consultation by the World Health Organisation reviewed experience on use of praziquantel in pregnancy.
A major bottleneck in structural studies of membrane proteins is their expression and subsequently purification to homogeneity. To circumvent this problem, we have developed a novel technology to express in E. coli cells a single membrane protein of interest in high yield. We have previously demonstrated that a single soluble protein can be produced in E. coli by the method termed the single protein production  .
Circulating tumor cells  captured from peripheral blood recently were shown to predict disease outcome and therapy response in cancer patients . Currently, CTCs are isolated from blood by methods which rely on immuno magnetic binding of cell surface epithelial cell adhesion molecules , an expensive, labor intense approach that is limited to EpCAM expressing tumors . We previously reported an alternative platform using a novel parylene C pore microfilter which traps CTCs quickly and efficiently based on their size differential from other blood cells .
We have reported that levels of pituitary adenylate cyclase activating polypeptide  and a single nucleotide polymorphism  within an estrogen response element  for the PAC1 receptor gene were correlated with post traumatic stress disorder  in women, while PAC1 gene methylation correlated with PTSD in both men and women . More recent studies linking PTSD , , major depressive disorder  and schizophrenia  with PACAP gene SNP associations have also contributed to a growing interest in understanding a role for PACAP systems in stress related psychopathologies . PACAP has been called a “master regulator” of stress responses .
Characterizing EGJ barrier function is complicated by both its dynamic nature and complex anatomy. Over the years, a variety of manometric methodologies and metrics have been proposed to quantify this enigmatic sphincter: sphincter length and respiratory inversion point  were described to determine the intra abdominal lower esophageal sphincter  length as a predictor of fundoplication efficacy . However, sphincter length, or intra abdominal length, speaks nothing to the magnitude of closure forces at the EGJ.
Platinum based drugs, namely cisplatin, carboplatin, and oxaliplatin are regularly used to treat solid tumours., Although many details of the molecular mechanism of cytotoxicity of platinum drugs have been elucidated, nuances continue to be discovered. The current consensus is that cisplatin and its derivatives bind genomic DNA, forming DNA cross links that block DNA synthesis/transcription and cell cycle progression that ultimately induce tumour cell death. In particular, complexes with π conjugated ligands such as bipyridine, terpyridine, and phenanthroline can intercalate between adjacent base pairs in double stranded DNA.
Neuronal protection or prevention of neuronal degeneration has been identified as therapeutic targets for many neurodegenerative diseases. MPTP, a potent neurotoxin that selectively destroys the nigrostriatal dopaminergic neurons in humans, sub human primates, and lower animals, mimics PD like symptoms . Furthermore, MPP+ is selectively accumulated in dopaminergic neurons and is concentrated within mitochondria where it acts to inhibit electron transport chain, decreases mitochondrial membrane potential, and induces disturbances in Ca2+ homeostasis, which could eventually lead to neuronal loss .
Kidney development is a complex process, consisting of two distinct embryological origins, the nephrogenic  and the ductogenic  . Wilms tumour , the most common paediatric kidney cancer, can be considered a failure of this transition. A number of genes involved in nephrogenesis, especially in the mesenchymal to epithelial transition, have also been implicated in Wilms tumorigenesis .
The HIV epidemic in Kenya varies by local context. Prevalence data has limitations in the effort to understand current transmission dynamics. Because data on incidence can be difficult to obtain, mathematical models  have been developed to estimate incidence.
Identifying host factors that function in the replication of positive strand RNA viruses is a major goal in molecular virology. Not surprisingly, detailed studies of positive strand RNA synthesis could only be undertaken once the process of negative strand RNA synthesis had been somewhat unraveled. These nuclear proteins assist with mRNA biogenesis and transport of nuclear pre mRNA.
In chronically ill populations, the effective interaction between clinicians and patients hinges on the active involvement of patients in their own health care . Achieving patient activation is a developmental process, requiring the progression from a fundamental belief in the importance of the patient role, to the possession of knowledge and confidence required to take action, to active change in behavior, and finally to maintain changes over time  . Higher levels of self motivation in diabetes care were also associated with maintained changes in diet and diligent blood glucose testing .
The antimicrobial properties of silver and more specifically ionic silver  have been recognized and utilized for centuries. Most bacterial sites targeted by Ag+ are proteinaceous, where alterations in amino acid residues lead to structural damage and disruption of replicative and metabolic processes, ultimately resulting in cell death. Generally applied as an external treatment, Ag+ is delivered via silver compounds such as silver  sulfadiazine .
Functional magnetic resonance imaging  data has been extensively used to study the neural basis of perception, cognition, and emotion. The voxel wise general linear model   has become the standard approach for analyzing such data. In contrast, partial least squares  attempts to identify common patterns between brain activity and behavioral measures or experimental design .
Patients with inflammatory bowel diseases , ulcerative colitis ) are at increased risk for venous thromboembolism  and associated morbidity and mortality, . Inflammation is key determinant of VTE risk in IBD with ambulatory flares and hospitalization being associated with increased risk , , , . As the absolute VTE risk is greatest during hospitalization, experts recommend routine thromboprophylaxis in such settings, .
The prevalence and severity of atopic diseases, including allergic asthma, rhinitis, and eczema have increased dramatically in recent years . Allergic diseases involve the allergen induced Th2 response characterized by the production of Th2 cytokines, including IL 4, IL 5, and IL 13 critical in the development of the allergic response. Mast cells are critical tissue based effector cells that mediate IgE dependent allergic responses .
Dopaminergic neurons provide a critical modulatory influence in reward seeking , prediction error  and reinforcement . They are enhanced upon administration of drugs of abuse , and become time locked to cues that predict reward availability . These neurons normally fire in a tonic pattern  and periodically discharge in short bursts .
Many words in English have multiple meanings, making them ambiguous in isolation. These different meaning may be more or less related , or have different roots altogether . There is data to suggest that schizophrenic error patterns are not random .
Dendritic cells  are key inducers of adaptive immunity and tolerance, as well as regulators of innate immunity. It is common to sub divide DCs into plasmacytoid DCs  and conventional DCs  . Mouse models to deplete DCs have proven useful tools to elucidate DC function in vivo.
Mammalian reticulocyte type 15 lipoxygenase  1 constitutes a family of enzymes with molecular weights of approximately 75 kDa . 15 LO 1 is up regulated in human peripheral monocytes and alveolar macrophages cultured in the presence of interleukin 4 or interleukin 13, both of which are inflammatory cytokines . All of the above studies demonstrate a pro atherogenic role of 15 LO.
The factors that control the proliferation of Müller glia in the retina are important to understand for both proliferative disease states and potentially for regenerative medicine approaches to treat retinal degenerations. Although Müller glia do not proliferate under normal conditions, they can enter the mitotic cell cycle in some pathological states. For example, insulin like growth factor  and insulin are potent mitogens for Müller glia .
Humans can be exposed to various kinds of ionizing radiation, including the diagnostic X rays, nuclear medicine and radiotherapy routinely used in clinics, radionuclides such as radon, potassium, uranium and nuclear waste, radiological weapons, and high energy particle radiation from galactic and solar cosmic rays . All cells can be damaged by ionizing radiation, but actively dividing cells are more radiosensitive than cells that are neither meiotically nor mitotically active . Exposure to radiation induces dose dependent declines in circulating hematopoietic cells not only through reduced bone marrow production but also by the redistribution and apoptosis of mature formed elements of the blood  .
Asthma, a chronic treatable disease, affects more than 18 million US adults. Blacks have 3.3 times the emergency department  visits, 2.2 times the hospitalizations, and 2 times the death rate for asthma compared to whites. Other ethnic groups including Puerto Ricans also experience increased morbidity., We adapted the PA from the patient navigator model, first used to facilitate diagnosis and early treatment of cancer in low income patients living in poverty in Harlem.
Atrial fibrillation  is increasingly managed by radiofrequency ablation, in which left atrial  tissue is ablated around the pulmonary vein  antra to create scar with a primary goal of electrically isolating the pulmonary veins , . Further ablation to the posterior wall, roof or septum varies from center to center and is largely operator dependent . Areas of ablation are routinely marked on these merged maps to more accurately deliver contiguous lesion sets and improve procedural success .
Tea tree oil  extracted from Melaleuca alternifolia is a complex hydrocarbon mixture that exhibits broad spectrum antimicrobial activity . Preliminary trials suggest that TTO formulations may be effective in the treatment and management of acne and fungal infections and could be useful in bacterial pathogen decolonization protocols . The bactericidal activity of TTO is primarily attributed to its ability to permeabilize the membrane, but it also affects cell wall structure and function .
Vertical transmission of various DNA and RNA viruses among humans  and animals  is well documented. Simian virus 40 , a polyomavirus of macaque origin, was introduced into humans presumably as a result of the widespread use of poliovaccines inadvertently contaminated with this DNA virus . The contamination occurred because vaccines were produced in cultures of kidney cells derived from rhesus macaques, which are frequently infected with SV40.
Nevirapine  was the first non nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor approved for use in combination therapy of HIV 1 infection . NVP based regimens have since gained a significant role in HIV treatment guidelines , due to the high efficacy levels of the drug, favorable lipid profile, and suitability for use during pregnancy . NVP is currently one of the most prescribed antiretrovirals in the developing world, both to prevent mother to child HIV transmission and in combination therapy .
Immune response are initiated to tumor associated antigens in cancer patients, however, these responses are relatively ineffective as evident from the continued tumor growth and disease progression . Tumors have utilized various mechanisms to evade the immune system . Various mechanisms are proposed by which tumors can induce T cell apoptosis.
Massive perivillous fibrin deposition  and maternal floor infarction are related placental lesions characterized by extensive deposition of fibrinoid material inthe intervillous space, and associated with hypoplastic and sclerosis of the engulfedvilli. The mechanisms responsible for MPFD are unknown., The fetus is the most successful semi allograft. Therefore, maternal immunetolerance of the fetus is essential for successful pregnancy.
Correct development requires regulation of the number of cells and the types of cell produced in each region. Regulating the numbers of postmitotic cells generated in the cortex requires control of two key aspects of proliferation:  the length of the cell cycle and  the proportion of newly generated cells that re enter the cell cycle as opposed to leaving it to differentiate. A number of cell cycle regulators and transcription factors, including Pax6, have been implicated in the control of these processes .
In the United States it is estimated that 5% of pregnant women are infected with Chlamydia trachomatis, and as a result, nearly 3.5 million newborns become infected at the time of delivery. Approximately 30% of the infants exposed to C. trachomatis in the birth canal develop conjunctivitis and 10% to 20% show symptoms of pneumonia . In addition, newborns may have vaginal and gastrointestinal tract infections with no known clinical consequences .
The missing data mechanism is often not thoroughly evaluated as part of the analytic strategy in many substance use disorder  randomized clinical trials . While many modern missing data methods exist, these methods have not been thoroughly explicated and compared with clinical trial data . Our approach is based on the technical publication by Enders  on missing data growth models and geared towards real world modeling that would likely come before final model specification and interpretation .
The efficiency of cysteine rich proteins and peptides, e.g. metallothioneins and phytochelatins, in removing harmful heavy metals from the cells and tissues,,  has inspired assessment of cysteine as an eco friendly agent for extracting heavy metals from a contaminated environment. In recent years, cysteine has been introduced as an environmentally friendly source of sulfur for preparing nano crystalline PbS, a widely used semiconductor. Such nano crystals can be prepared by mixing Pb2 or Pb2  with cysteine to form a Pb cysteine precursor, followed by hydrothermal decomposition to PbS.
Atrial fibrillation  is a condition characterized by rapid, erratic electrical activation of the atrial myocardium, resulting in loss of effective contractility, an increased likelihood of clot formation and an increased risk of stroke. The rapid atrial contraction may be conducted to the ventricle exacerbating ventricular function and predisposing to heart failure. A very frequent cellular accompaniment for induction of AF is shortening of the action potential duration .
During the past three decades, the relationship between maternal hemoglobin level and fetal outcome has been examined at length. Maternal anemia has long been considered a risk factor for poor pregnancy outcome . In addition, elevated hemoglobin levels have also emerged as being predictive of intrauterine growth restriction  .
The vertebrate Pax gene family was identified based on sequence homology to a subset of Drosophila segmentation genes that encode a conserved DNA binding domain called the paired box. The Pax2 gene is crucial for the development of the kidney and the reproductive tract, both of which are derived from the intermediate mesoderm . Kidney development starts when the UB invades the MM and transmits inductive signals, such as Wnt9b , to promote condensation of the MM around the UB tips.
The World Health Organization estimates that 50 million dengue virus infections occur each year within the nearly two fifths of the world population living in areas at risk for dengue transmission. With increasing urbanization as well as international travel, the range of the principal mosquito vector of dengue virus , Aedes agypti, is expanding. In particular, DENV specific memory T and B cells can be reactivated during secondary heterologous DENV infection resulting in a more vigorous and cross reactive secondary immune response.
Elderly persons experience epilepsy at age specific rates higher than any other age group . They may be especially vulnerable to the sequelae of seizures and their treatment, and may experience worsened health related quality of life as compared to their age mates . Furthermore, well recognized co morbidities of epilepsy such as depression, anxiety, and sleep disorders  occur with increasing frequency with advancing age  and merit examination in this special population .
Examination of spontaneous fluctuations in the blood oxygen level dependent  signal during functional magnetic resonance imaging  data acquisition reveals patterns of coordinated activity across distant anatomic sites within the brain. Despite the increasing use of fcMRI in clinical trial settings, substantial work remains to optimize analytic  techniques for the unique requirements of clinical trials. We outline a newly developed fcMRI analytic technique that we term template based rotation .
Histone deacetylase  inhibition is a promising epigenetic strategy for cancer treatment, and several distinct small molecule histone deacetylase inhibitors  have been reported. Currently, two of these HDACi, suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid   and cyclic peptide FK228 , are approved for the treatment of cutaneous T cell lymphoma . However, most HDACi, including the clinically approved agents, non selectively inhibit the deacetylase activity of class I and II HDACs, and many suffer from metabolic instability.
Vitamin A deficiency  is a major public health problem in many developing countries, including India. India has the largest percentage as well as the largest absolute number of vitamin A deficient children in the world. The Lancet child survival series lists vitamin A supplementation among the key interventions achievable at a large scale that have proven potential to reduce the number of preventable child deaths each year.
The incidence of cardiovascular disease in the United States  and other high income countries is higher in low socio economic status  and minority ethnic groups , with SES disparities reflecting not just a threshold effect of poverty versus non poverty, but rather a risk gradient across the SES range . Reduction of these disparities has been a focus of interest for policy makers , and requires the early detection and management of risk factors in underprivileged groups. Indeed, low SES and minority ethnic groups do report higher values of risk factors for cardiovascular disease  .
Due to inadequate water and sanitation services in many parts of the world, 780 million people do not have access to clean, potable water sources. Functional nanomaterials, such as AgNPs, copper nanoparticles, carbon nanotubes, titania nanoparticles, have been suggested for POU treatment. These highly reactive reducing agents, such as NaBH4 and hydrazine, are not environmentally benign choices.
Approximately 60 percent of epilepsy disorders are classified as partial epilepsy, of which temporal lobe epilepsy involving the hippocampus is the most common . Electrical high frequency stimulation  is an alternative treatment for seizure disorders. Previous studies have shown that high frequency electrical stimulation can suppress seizures in animal models of epilepsy  and reduce seizure frequency in patients .
Bone modeling and remodeling take place throughout life to continuously adapt and renew bone tissue. Mechano responsiveness in many cell types is mediated by integrins, heterodimeric, signal transducing transmembrane glycoproteins that link extracellular matrix constituents and in some cases co receptors on adjoining cell surfaces to intracellular elements of the actin cytoskeleton . All bone cell types express integrins , and osteocytes in particular were reported to express integrins of both β1 and β3 families .
Normal development requires precisely regulated levels of cell survival, apoptosis, proliferation, and differentiation. Protein kinases play key roles in the intracellular signaling pathways that regulate cell growth control. The group A and B Paks, however, differ significantly from each other in both sequence and function  .
Neuroblastoma is the most common and deadly solid tumor of childhood and the most common cancer of infancy, accounting for about 15% of all pediatric cancer deaths . We and others have shown that the pattern of expression of NTRK family gene expression contributes to this clinical diversity  . The NTRK genes code for the Trk family of neurotrophin receptors, a homologous group of transmembrane receptor tyrosine kinases that are critical for normal development of the central and peripheral nervous system.
The number of Americans over the age of 65 is expected to double between 2000 and 2050. Like most elderly, elderly prostate cancer patients will likely acquire a higher number of maladies, both physical and psychosocial, with advancing age. Substance use disorder is an important comorbidity.
Systemic lupus erythematosus  is a complex, chronic multi system autoimmune inflammatory disease that targets young women and men . The up to 20% of SLE patients who are diagnosed during childhood, i.e. prior to the age of 16 years , tend to experience a more severe disease course than those with disease onset later on in life . Various measures of global disease activity have been developed for SLE in adults and subsequent validation confirmed these indices have concurrent validity for measuring disease activity with cSLE .
Because the targeting of nanoparticles and polymers to cell membranes shows promise for biomedical applications, such as antitumor therapeutics and drug delivery,  the interactions between membranes and nanoparticles have been widely studied. They found that dendrimer size, concentration, and terminal acetylation significantly affect pore formation in lipid bilayers, effects that were confirmed by our previous molecular dynamics  simulations, and by the mesoscale thermodynamic modeling of Ginzburg and Balijepalli. These results suggested that polymer size does not affect membrane permeabilization as much as charge density does.
In the United States, hepatitis C viral  infection is the leading cause of chronic liver disease including cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma , the most serious complication of the viral infection . HCC is the third leading cause of cancer death in the world and a cancer with continuously increasing incidence in the United States . Stimulation of immune response by HCV antigens leads to increase in specific subclasses of immunoglobulins dominated by the IgG1 and IgG3 subclasses .
Arterial stiffness, which occurs most notably in the large, elastic arteries , is a hallmark of the aging process and is characterized by fragmentation and degeneration of elastin, increases in collagen, wall thickening, and progressive dilation . These structural changes are accompanied by increases in the pulse wave velocity, which causes the reflected wave to reach the heart at systole instead of diastole and pulsatile flow to extend further into the microcirculation. Accordingly, arterial stiffness is emerging as a key risk factor for atherosclerosis, myocardial infarction, stroke, dementia, renal disease, and mortality  .
Non invasive methods such as magneto  and electroencephalography  and functional magnetic resonance imaging  provide means to examine neural activity in various ways, for example, by determining locations, sequences, and connectivity patterns among regions in the human brain . In addition to these measures, identifying inter area communication in terms of the hierarchical organization of functional brain areas would be highly relevant in the quest for understanding the operation of the brain. Characteristic anatomical laminar distributions of input and output connections between cortical areas have been described as being of feedforward, feedback, or lateral type, thereby defining a hierarchical organization among the areas .
Ewing sarcoma  is the second most common primary bone tumor in childhood and is characterized by the EWS/FLI 1 translocation . Approximately 30% of patients with metastatic disease have long term survival beyond 5 years . The EWS/FLI 1 fusion gene encodes for a transcription factor, which results in abnormal growth.
In phonosurgery, injection laryngoplasty is an effective procedure for patients suffering from a variety of vocal pathologies. Despite the functional importance of the viscoelastic properties of such materials, previous studies on their viscoelasticity have been limited to measurements at low frequencies, up to only around 80 Hz for low modulus  materials. , In particular, the efficacy of atelocollagen, which is 3% bovine non crosslinked collagen treated with protease to minimize immunogenicity, has been demonstrated for vocal fold medialization.
Allometric scaling is an empirical approach developed based on cross species similarities in anatomy, physiology, and biochemistry with a power function correlating physiological parameters with body size . It is known that allometric projections generally work well for drugs mainly renally eliminated. These modified approaches have improved the accuracy of prediction to some extent .
Approximately 20 % of women have moderate to severe premenstrual symptoms that they perceive as distressing and which impact their work and/or social relationships . No menstrual phase change in subjective sleepiness was found in a group of women with minimal symptoms . Few studies have investigated daytime sleepiness in women with PMS using objective measures.
Recognition of a class I MHC presented antigenic peptide by a T cell receptor  of a cytotoxic T lymphocyte  is essential for lymphocyte activation and the initiation of an antigen specific immune response. Since the discovery of class I MHC presented tumor associated antigens , there have been numerous efforts to engineer peptide based cancer vaccines, with the hope that exogenous peptides will activate TAA specific CTLs leading to tumor destruction. The Wilms Tumor 1 transcription factor  is overexpressed in many cancers, including both hematopoetic and solid tumors.
Smoking exposes the respiratory mucosa to carcinogens in a “field cancerization” process . The lesions are multiple and occur throughout the bronchial airways of smokers, putting the entire bronchial epithelium at risk. The administration of chemopreventive agents may thus be more effective than local treatment in reducing the risk of developing lung cancer.
The study of adaptive behavior has been central to clinical assessment of Autism Spectrum Disorders  and to advancing understanding of ASD though research. In contrast to the social and communication domains of adaptive behavior, in which one would expect to see deficits and delays among children with ASD due to the overlap in assessment of social and communicative impairments that characterize the core symptoms of ASD, daily living skills should be an area of relative strength, and commensurate with a child’s mental age . Children with ASD do appear to make gains in daily living skills as they get older  but studies of school aged children show that these skills continue to be delayed compared to both age and IQ matched children with non ASD developmental delays .
Rheumatoid arthritis  is the most common autoimmune disease affecting more than one million adults in the United States . Newer biologic therapies, such as those that inhibit activity of TNF α, have enhanced outcomes and decreased disability . T cells in RA exhibit loss of genomic integrity via reduced expression of proteins responsible for cell cycle arrest and DNA damage repair .
The development of social competence, frequently defined as children's ability to initiate and maintain effective interactions with their peers , is a fundamental task during early childhood and a robust predictor of later mental health as well as social and academic outcomes . Temperament theory and research has proven to be important in identifying the foundation of childhood social competence by showing that variation in children's temperamental predispositions may influence the processes that support or hinder socially competent behaviors . What little we do know is that although children who are high in approach are very sociable and display high levels of positive affect, they are also at risk for being rejected by their peers  and developing externalizing behaviors, such as aggression and conduct problems , that affect their social competence.
Drug delivery to the brain represents a major hurdle in the management of primary central nervous system  tumors. The allure of local biologic therapy for CNS tumors versus any conventional treatment strategy is based on the belief that local biologic therapy can be manipulated to address both the physiological and molecular aspects of cancer pathophysiology while avoiding the formidable barrier to drug delivery—the bloodbrain barrier . The advent of conditionally replicating adenoviruses  for glioma treatment has been marked by a generation of recombinant vectors capable of specific replication and transduction in tumor cells.
Nitric oxide  is a gaseous signalling molecule that serves diverse functions throughout the body. Synthesis and release of NO can be blocked by NOS inhibitors, such as N nitro L arginine . There is a need for better techniques that can provide quantitative measurement of NO released by neurons and other cell types in the gut.
Sustained cardiac hypertrophy is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events and death . Cardiac hypertrophy in response to pathological stimuli contributes to maladaptive cardiac remodeling and ultimately leads to the development of contractile dysfunction and heart failure . The molecular mechanisms underlying the maladaptive features of cardiac hypertrophy remain incompletely understood.
Approximately 450,000 Americans suffer cardiac arrests  annually, with 80% of them occurring out of hospital. Though electroencephalography  remains a mainstay of neurologic monitoring, it is susceptible to external factors such as anesthesia, medications, or temperature. Neuronal injury from global hypoxia may contribute to coma by disrupting these thalamocortical circuits.
Valvular stenosis is the leading cause of aortic heart valve failure in the United States, a disease that affects roughly 23% of the population over the age of 65 . Retrospective clinical studies have indicated that patients who are treated with statins for other heart related issues have a 50% lower incidence of heart valve disease . This observation has resulted in renewed interest in the effects of statin treatment and the roles that statins play in cell function.
Translation initiation is deregulated in many human cancers including breast, head and neck, colorectal, bladder, prostate, lung, cervical cancers and lymphomas . Thus, eIF4E expression effects the expression of important regulators of cell growth and survival. Transgenic eIF4E expressing mice show a marked increase in tumorigenesis, developing tumors of various histologies .
Hispanics are the fastest growing minority group in the USA . A key and modifiable way to decrease mortality from CRC is to increase rates of CRC screening and early detection. Clinical research indicates that a substantial number of CRC deaths could be prevented through appropriate screening followed by relatively simple surgical procedures to remove polyps before they become cancerous .
CGG repeat length at the FMR1 locus is related to premature ovarian failure  and possibly to other manifestations of accelerated ovarian aging. FMR1, a gene on the X chromosome that underlies the Fragile X mental retardation syndrome, codes for a heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein, FMRP, that shuttles between the nucleus and the cytoplasm of neuronal cells. Premutation carriers are at increased risk of POF, usually defined as menopause before age 40 or two elevated levels of follicle stimulating hormone  one month apart.
It has long been observed that subjects with Parkinson's disease  have decreased olfactory sensation . Attempts to use tests of olfaction for clinical diagnosis have had mixed results, however, due to loss of olfactory ability in other conditions as well . Lewy bodies and synucleinopathy have been reported to be present in the olfactory bulbs of subjects with PD and dementia with Lewy bodies  as well as asymptomatic subjects with incidental Lewy body disease  , suggesting that olfactory bulb synucleinopathy is present in several Lewy body disorders and occurs at an early stage of disease.
Bacterial lipoproteins are a ubiquitous subclass of membrane proteins characterized by peripheral association via a covalent N terminal acyl modification . Subsequent sorting of lipoproteins within the periplasmic space is carried out by the multi component Lol system  based on rules first derived in E. coli . Established pathways of lipoprotein translocation through the outer membrane  involve either a Type II or Type V/“autotransporter” secretion system  In Borrelia burgdorferi, the spirochetal agent of Lyme borreliosis, numerous major outer surface lipoproteins contribute to the host pathogen interface and are therefore critical to the pathogenicity of the organism .
The visualization of a newly synthesized proteome has been hindered so far by the fact that proteins, new and old, share the same pool of amino acids and thus are chemically indistinguishable. The proteome of a neuron is a dynamic entity  tightly regulated by protein synthesis and degradation to maintain homeostasis or to adapt to changing environmental conditions. Indeed, a distinguishing feature of latephase longterm potentiation is that it requires both gene transcription and mRNA translation .
The molecular circadian clock consists of interlocking feedback loops in which clock gene products regulate their own expression . In one feedback loop in Drosophila, the circadian clock genes period  and timeless  are activated by CLOCK CYCLE  heterodimers during the late day, and their transcripts peak in the early night. In a second feedback loop, CLK CYC activate the basic leucine zipper transcription factors Pdp1ε and vrille .
Bacterial peptidoglycan  comprises a glycan backbone containing alternating β linked N acetylglucosamine  and N acetylmuramic acid  residues that are cross linked by peptide chains of varying composition  . Multilayered PG is the major cell wall component in Gram positive bacteria; it is responsible for maintaining cell shape and morphology and confers resistance to internal turgor pressure  . The bacterial cell wall is continuously expanded and renewed .
The most anterior part of the cerebral cortex — area 10 or frontal pole cortex ,  — is the largest area in the prefrontal cortex of humans, one that expanded disproportionately during human evolution. FPC has reciprocal connections with most prefrontal areas , and its cells have an unusually high density and number of dendritic spines. These properties suggest that FPC plays a pivotal role in prefrontal function .
Antigen independent B cell development from hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells is a complex process, closely coordinated with the generation of functional antigen receptors . A complex sequence of molecular events orchestrates successful VJ rearrangement in B cells. It includes the activation of several transcription factors, notably PU.1, E2a, Ebf, and Pax5 .
In vitro and in vivo models of cryptosporidial infection have been limited by the lack of close approximation to human intestinal environment and variability in the physiologic responses to the pathogen. Molecular pathogenesis in cryptosporidiosis had been extensively studied in cell monolayers  as well as in a limited number of animal models such as piglet, calves and neonatal or immunodeficient mice . However, there is always the question of whether these current models of infection are physiologically relevant to humans.
The migration of leukocytes into sites of immune challenge is characteristic of inflammation ,  and is tightly controlled by soluble   and immobilized chemical gradients . Migratory responses induced by chemical cues are traditionally classified into one of four different patterns that include directional migration towards a secreted protein gradient   , migration in random directions  , migration away from a source  ,  and reduced migration in any direction . For instance, the Boyden chamber can be used to directly assess population averaged migration in one direction  but can only indirectly assess other patterns of migration .
Defining the principles of ligand binding and allostery are important for understanding small molecule signaling in cellular physiology, and for developing improved therapeutic agents. In their folded state, proteins display an ensemble of conformations that encompass an energy landscape  . Within this framework, current ligand binding theory holds that a given ligand will interact with a subset of conformations that are competent for binding, thus redistributing the native state population and allowing allosteric changes in other binding sites  .
Macrophage effector function significantly influences the quality, duration and magnitude of innate immune responses. It is now appreciated that there are multiple macrophage phenotypes that carry out differential functions and elicit divergent effects on surrounding cells. Suppressors Of Cytokine Signaling  proteins, CIS and SOCS1 7, are feedback inhibitors of the JAK/STAT signaling pathway .
Over the last few years the use of next generation sequencing technologies has lead to new insights in both population and disease genetics, by providing a more complete characterization of DNA sequences than is possible using genome wide micro arrays. For example, the 1000 Genomes project  is using 4× coverage sequencing of ~2,500 samples from a diverse set of worldwide populations . The current paradigm for detecting, genotyping and phasing polymorphic sites from low coverage sequence data starts by mapping sequence reads to a reference genome.
Preterm prelabor rupture of membranes  causes one third of preterm births and contributes to significant perinatal morbidity and mortality. Microbial invasion of the amniotic cavity  is found in about 30% of preterm PROM cases,; and is associated with earlier gestational age at delivery. ; However, the current understanding of MIAC derives largely from cultivation dependent studies.
A remarkable convergence of evidence has demonstrated that even though distinct classes of drugs of abuse, e.g. opiates and nicotine, differ in their primary sites of action, they share common downstream effects that underlie their reinforcing properties . In a similar vein, evidence is accumulating that the aversive effects induced by withdrawal from drugs of abuse may also be mediated by a common downstream effect, activation of the central nucleus of the amygdala , which is known to coordinate fear like responses induced by footshock or other noxious stimuli . As the aversive effects of drug withdrawal are thought to contribute to maintaining drug use and triggering relapse, it will be important to define the cellular and molecular mechanisms that mediate long term aversive responses to drug withdrawal in the central nucleus of the amygdala.
Infiltration of activated monocytes into the brain is involved in the development of several neurological disorders including HIV associated dementia , multiple sclerosis, and others. In addition, the blood brain barrier  is often altered in inflammatory diseases and is implicated in their pathogenesis . Proinflammatory cytokines such as TNF α and interleukins, as well as viral proteins such as the HIV 1 envelope glycoprotein gp120, have been shown to contribute to BBB dysfunction .
Stem cells are a potentially valuable component of intervertebral disc tissue engineering strategies that may, in the future, provide a minimally invasive low back pain treatment. Given the challenging environment within degenerate discs, in vivo studies are needed to test the plausibility of therapeutic efficacy as well as safety  . Rodents are desirable models for disc repair studies due to their low cost, ease of care, and fast healing times .
Although the immune system can deal with most pathogens well, certain microbial infections, such as HIV , can directly target immune cells, preventing the host from generating an effective pathogen specific immunity. To carry out such a therapy, we need a sufficient amount of antigen reactive T cells for transfer. One approach is to use allogeneic effector T cells from appropriate donors .
A series of recent studies have reported on ordering transitions induced in micrometer thick films of liquid crystals  that are caused by the self assembly of amphiphiles at aqueous interfaces of LC films. Of the various different amphiphiles explored in these studies , the ordering of nematic LCs by the interfacial self assembly of the phospholipid l α dilauroylphosphatidylcholine  has been particularly well characterized. , , , Specifically, equilibration of aqueous dispersions of unilamellar vesicles formed from l DLPC has been shown to lead to formation of monolayers of DLPC at the interfaces of the LC.
The hypertensive disorders of pregnancy , gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, are major causes of intrauterine growth restriction and preterm birth. . HDP are defined using thresholds of blood pressure after 20 weeks gestation, yet pregnancy is a period of substantial change in blood pressure, with blood pressure decreasing until approximately 18 20 weeks and then increasing until delivery.
Health literacy has been defined by the Institute of Medicine as “The degree to which individuals have the capacity to obtain, process, and understand basic health information and services needed to make appropriate health decisions.” A rapidly growing body of research has documented the problems of low health literacy, including its high prevalence  and detrimental impact on health and health outcomes . Our understanding of health literacy has evolved, and it is increasingly apparent that deficits in health literacy result not just from problems with vocabulary and reading fluency, but from an interaction of several factors. However, the impact of cognition on health literacy, independent of education, has been less well studied, especially in the elderly.
Human fungal infections have dramatically increased in recent years, representing a major threat to public health worldwide. Infection with Candida is normally superficial and limited to mucosal surfaces; however, disseminated candidiasis can result in significant mortality . Much work has been done on identifying the immune receptors responsible for fungal recognition, as well as characterizing the role of cytokines and other innate mediators in the development of a protective immune response.
The insect world is divided into groups according to life history strategy. Holometabolous insects, with compete metamorphosis, produce a morphologically distinct larval stage, and the adult form is not generated until the last stages of postembryonic development . Since the fossil record established that holometabolous insects emerged from hemimetabolous ancestors, a debate on the origin of metamorphosis has persisted among entomologists .
Corneal transplantation is the most common solid tissue transplantation procedure in the world. It can be performed using full thickness donor corneal buttons  or partial thickness buttons . In PK, the posterior part of the donor cornea forms a new wall of the anterior chamber and contacts the host aqueous humor, whereas in LK, the donor cornea remains separated from the aqueous humor.
Older adults may benefit from using technology in their homes for activities such as communication, cooking, cleaning, home maintenance, healthcare, and home security. In fact, adults 65 and older are part of a demographic group that has been found to be one of the least likely to use advanced technology items, such as computers . Given their relative inexperience with certain technologies, older adults may have much to gain from technology training.
There has been accumulating evidence linking cancer cell growth and cellular metabolism, underscoring the possible therapeutic potential of targeting metabolic proteins with ties to cellular pathways that are abnormally activated in some cancers. One such metabolic protein is AMP activated kinase  a protein that detects changes to cellular energy levels following binding of AMP to its gamma domain . Aside from its ties to energy balance and metabolism, AMPK is known for its link to a major cellular survival pathway, the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase  pathway .
Homocysteine, a sulfur containing, non proteinogenic amino acid, is an intermediate in methionine metabolism. Elevation of homocysteine, termed hyperhomocysteinemia, has been implicated in the pathogenesis of a variety of diseases including cardiovascular disorders, and neurodegenerative disorders. , Severe hyperhomocysteinemia due to methionine synthase deficiency appears to decrease rod photoreceptor responses and induce retinal ganglion cell loss based on electrophysiological findings.
Performing complex motor skills is a fundamental component of ordinary human life. Through practice, new motor skills are acquired and existing ones are continuously refined. Motor skill learning  relies on the capability of the nervous system to create new patterns of neural activation for accomplishing new tasks or for recovering motor functions lost to disability .
Since September 11, 2001, more than 2.2 million members of the United States armed forces have served in the Operation Enduring Freedom  in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom  in Iraq. Therefore, RC members, the focus of this study, must be considered separately from regular Army in understanding the predictors and timing of VHA enrollment and utilization . Some RC members enroll for and receive services from VHA as soon as they are eligible and others do not make the transition.
A major predictor of age related osteoporotic fracture is peak areal bone mineral density  which is a highly heritable trait. However, few linkage and association studies have been performed in men to identify the genes contributing to normal variation in aBMD. The aim of this study was to perform a genome wide scan in healthy men to identify quantitative trait loci  that were significantly linked to aBMD and to test whether any of these might be sex specific .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture’s  Healthy Eating Index 2005  is a tool to quantify and evaluate the quality of the diet consumed by the US population in terms of its conformity to the 2005 Dietary Guidelines for Americans . It comprises 12 components, which are scored on a scale from 0 to M, where M is 5, 10 or 20 according to the component. Each component is expressed as a ratio of an individual’s intake of a specific food or nutrient to their intake of energy, before scoring .
Initial attempts to label T cells directly with monomeric antigen to which they harbor specificity failed because of the low affinity of a single peptide MHC complex for its corresponding T cell receptor  . Dissociation rates for these interactions are only a few seconds; orders of magnitude lower than antibodyantigen interactions . Consequently, monomeric MHC TCR interactions are too unstable to be employed as an effective labeling technique for measuring antigen specific T cells.
Sleep disordered breathing  is characterized by repeated interruptions or reductions in respiration during sleep, leading to both hypoxemia and sleep fragmentation. The most common SDB cause is obstructive sleep apnea, in which collapse of the upper airway interferes with breathing during sleep. Increasing age is a well established risk factor for SDB; older adults may be three to four times more likely than middle aged individuals to have the condition.
Protein tyrosine kinase 6  is an intracellular tyrosine kinase that is related to members of the Src family, and it contains SH3 and SH2 domains as well as a carboxy regulatory tyrosine. PTK6 family kinases include Srms, FRK and Src42A/Dsrc41 that all share a common conserved gene structure. Unlike Src kinases, most PTK6 family members are not myristoylated, resulting in greater flexibility in their intracellular localization .
Cell migration is essential for a number of biological and pathological processes, including normal development, angiogenesis, wound repair, and tumor invasion and metastasis. With the ECM scaffolding, cells use their unique complement of adhesion receptors to form stable but dynamic adhesion contacts that are regulated by complex sets of signaling pathways under control by growth factor receptors and other effectors. The process of cell spreading and migration is regulated by the extracellular matrix  and their receptors that include the integrin family of heterodimer receptors and cell surface heparan sulfate proteoglycans such as syndecans   .
is an herbaceous winter spring annual grown as a commercial oil seed crop. Meadowfoam’s unique chemical properties, which impart a high degree of stability, make it especially suitable for use in cosmetic products. Degradation products from glucolimnanthin 1 are known to have biopesticidal properties.
Since its introduction in the 1950’s, the Pap smear has been associated with sharp declines in cervical cancer incidence and mortality. While Pap smear testing has been recommended and well established for many years, not all women report receiving screening at appropriate intervals. Data from the Ohio Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System  in 2006 show that 83.4% of women aged 18 and older reported having had a Pap smear within the past 3 years , yet this rate of Pap smear utilization is considerably lower than the Healthy People 2010 target of 90% .
Actin was discovered more than 60 years ago, and has been extensively studied because of its crucial roles in many functions, including cell shape and polarity and force generation in muscle. Under physiological salt concentrations monomeric  actin  polymerizes to form filamentous actin , a helical filament. These ABPs control actin polymerization in the cell, as well as assembly of these filaments into higher order structures.
Opioid dependence, particularly the injection of heroin, and infections with HIV and hepatitis C  are explosive, intertwined epidemics that adversely impact tens of millions of people globally . Approximately 5% of the global population, or 230 million people have used drugs. An estimated 15.9 million individuals in 148 countries inject drugs of abuse; 3 million of these are estimated to be HIV infected and 9 million HCV infected .
Type 1 diabetes  is an autoimmune disease caused by T cell mediated destruction of the insulin producing beta cells in the pancreatic islets. Over 20 insulin dependent diabetes  regions have been identified in the NOD mouse model of spontaneous diabetes, and similar genetic complexity exists in humans . This genetic complexity highlights that multiple cell types acting at different checkpoints contribute to disease etiology and progression .
Several facets of nuclear organisation have been correlated with gene expression at both constitutively active regions of the genome and at regions subject to co ordinate regulation. Firstly, when active, these regions appear decondensed at a cytological level . Secondly, even though transcription and transcription factories can be seen within chromosome territories  , many active genomic loci have been seen outside of their CTs .
The R7 RGS  proteins RGS6, RGS7, RGS9, and RGS11 are largely restricted to neurons , where they are thought to act as negative regulators of G protein signaling through acceleration of GTP hydrolysis by Gi/o class G proteins . Light results in decreased glutamate release, leading to inactivation of mGluR6 and Gαo , opening of cation selective channels of unknown molecular identity and membrane depolarization. These responses occur on a sub second time scale, suggesting that some mechanism is required to accelerate GTP hydrolysis by Gαo., which in the absence of a GAP requires tens of seconds to hydrolyze GTP .
In mammals, circadian rhythm is controlled by the interaction of positive and negative biochemical feedback loops comprising a molecular oscillator. The Clock protein was shown to have histone acetyltransferase activity  , suggesting that the activation of E box containing promoters is modulated at the level of chromatin structure. The molecular oscillator functions in most peripheral tissues and maintains a periodicity of ~24 hours that persists in the absence of external cues .
In the adjuvant setting, patients with HER2 overexpression or amplification  breast cancer treated with trastuzumab along with chemotherapy have superior disease free and overall survival compared to patients treated with chemotherapy alone . ADCC occurs when the Fc portion of the tumor bound antibody is recognized by the FcγRs . Consistent with these observations, engineered anti HER2 antibodies with disabled Fc domains fail to induce tumor responses in vivo, despite retained HER2 binding and growth inhibition in vitro.
Quinones are commonly produced by oxidation of many natural products  and related compounds. Among the quinones to which humans are exposed are those from  benzene and poly aromatic hydrocarbons ,  antioxidants from dietary intake of soy foods, red wine, etc,  xenobiotic drugs for anti tumor and anti biotic therapy, and  xenoestrogens and endogenous estrogens used in hormone replacement therapy. For example, quinones are redox active, forming reactive oxygen species  via redox cycling and causing oxidative damage to DNA and proteins.
We used a mouse model to explore the possibility of the effect of chronic disease of body organs  on brain structure by examining the association of gene expression between body organs and brain parts. The mechanism underlying those changes remains unclear . It has been reported that prolonged rheumatic diseases cause structural changes of the brain.
Apathy   a lack of motivation, interest, or initiation   has received much attention in neuropsychiatry. In this context, apathy has been conceptualized as the behavioral and cognitive result of a neurological lesion .Cross sectional studies have found clinically significant apathy symptoms in one quarter to one half of elderly patients with neurological illnesses such as Alzheimer’s disease , extrapyramidal diseases , and stroke , compared to a prevalence of 1 2% in the elderly community . As reviewed elsewhere, studies have found that apathy in neuropsychiatric disease is associated with greater functional impairment, depressive symptomatology, and cognitive dysfunction  .
Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer among men in the United States. Prostate cancer related mortality is mainly caused by advanced cancers that have disseminated and metastasized to distant organs such as the bone, lung and liver . These pleiotropic tumor promoting roles of MTDH may stem from the complex nature of this protein, as revealed by its initial identification.
The key role of the kidney in long term blood pressure  regulation is generally recognized , and includes sodium handling in response to extended periods of stress. We recently showed that individuals without an adequate compensatory increase in urinary sodium excretion rate  in response to a stress induced BP increase  show a delayed BP recovery after stress, which seemed to be at least partly due to their increased blood volume. For the same level of stress, individuals who show impaired SIPN are, therefore, exposed to a greater cardiovascular and renal load, which may lead to the premature development of essential hypertension and its sequelae.
The United States criminal justice system is undergoing a demographic change in its inmate population, resulting in a rapid increase in the number of older individuals released from its prisons and jails . This accelerated aging process has been attributed to the chronic and communicable diseases common among inmates, the majority of whom have engaged in high risk behaviors and unhealthy lifestyles . Older men in the criminal justice system are also disproportionately affected by viral infections such as Hepatitis C  and Human immunodeficiency virus .
Cystic fibrosis  is a life shortening genetic disease in which 80% of deaths directly or indirectly result from loss of pulmonary function . Previous CF studies have suggested that: patients who die at an earlier age experience, on average, a more rapid rate of decline of forced expiratory volume in 1 second  over their lifetimes ; a patient’s rate of FEV1 decline can be used to estimate their age of death ; the presence or absence of certain risk factors can help predict future rate of decline ; and, chronic therapeutic interventions can slow FEV1 decline . For these reasons, demonstration of a reduction in the mean rate of FEV1 decline compared with placebo has been proposed as a basis by which a CF respiratory therapy can be determined to be disease modifying  .
RAGE is the signal transduction receptor which senses a variety of signaling molecules . Epidemiological and molecular studies, including mouse models, have shown that if inflammation is prolonged it promotes cancer development . RAGE expression and activation have been shown to be associated with chronic inflammation, which in turn enhances the malignant transformation of various cancers .
Pesticide residues are now among the most ubiquitous synthetic chemicals in our environment, as they are detectable in the tissues of humans, animals, aquatic and wildlife worldwide. Presently, more than 100 different OPs are used as insecticides worldwide . Other derivatives of phosphoric or phosphonic acid, such as chemical warfare nerve agents, are considered to be the most toxic compounds among all chemical weapons .
Prior research has shown that provider positive attitudes about EHRs are associated with their successful adoption. There is no evidence on whether comfort with technology and more positive attitudes about EHRs affect use of EHR functions once they are adopted . We used data from a survey of providers in the Primary Care Information Project, a bureau of the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene and measures of use from their EHRs.
Heavy drinking is a major preventable cause of high blood pressure, contributing to an estimated 5 to 15% of hypertension cases . It has been estimated that approximately 50% of heavy drinkers experience alcohol induced blood pressure elevation . The mechanisms underlying the pressor effect of heavy drinking are unknown, with several pathways being suggested .
With the development of the prostate specific antigen  assay for screening, prostate cancer is detected at an earlier stage. However, with 218,890 new cases of prostate cancer, there were still 27,050 deaths in the United States in 2007 due to the disease. Eventually, however, all patients will fail this therapy and the cancer is commonly referred to as “androgen refractory”, “Androgen Independent ” or “castrate resistant prostate cancer”.
The most common primary tumors of the brain are malignant gliomas, and they are exemplified by invasive growth and resistance to therapy. Routine methods to diagnose, grade, and classify gliomas include pathology of biopsy or surgically resected specimens, and these methods frequently are limited by sampling errors . Consequently, clinical decisions are frequently supported by non invasive imaging .
Methods to examine the behavioral consequences of activation of neuronal ensembles are powerful tools for understanding brain function, as exemplified by Wilder Penfield’s pioneering studies of focal electrical stimulation of human cortex . Ideally, noninvasive remote control of neuronal activity in the mammalian brain would provide a valuable tool for elucidating how the activity of discrete populations of neurons and local circuits underlies behavior in health and disease . Accordingly, we sought to develop a chemical genetic approach to control neuronal activity noninvasively in the mammalian brain by regulating signaling through a G protein coupled receptor .
Shigella Flexneri is a Severe Enteropathogen that plagues more than 1 million victims per year worldwide, leading to severe dysentery in humans. As the master regulator of positive transcriptional activation, VirF is of particular interest as a novel target in the treatment of shigellosis . However, this approach provides a selection pressure for bacteria to become resistant to the antibiotics as resistant bacteria will outgrow the sensitive population.
Substantial body of evidence demonstrates that low doses of ethanol plus caffeine , can effectively reduce brain damage in rodent models of focal cerebral ischemia and traumatic brain injury. Based on these promising pre clinical studies Caffeinol was evaluated in stroke patients during a safety and feasibility study. While pre clinical data indicate strong neuroprotective potential and feasibility data suggest that Caffeinol can be safely administered to stroke patients, little is known about its mechanism of action.
Tight junctions  form a paracellular barrier in epithelia and endothelia. The tetraspan membrane proteins of the claudin  family constitute the backbone of TJ by trans   and cis   interactions . For instance, Cld5 tightens the bloodbrain barrier against small molecules up to 800 Da ; Cld2 forms paracellular pores for monovalent cations; and a complex between Cld16 and Cld19 creates pores for divalent cations .
Denervation of the paraspinal muscles in spinal disorders is frequently attributed to radiculopathy. Therefore, persons with lumbar spinal stenosis causing asymmetrical symptoms should have asymmetrical paraspinal denervation . 73 persons with clinical lumbar spinal stenosis, aged 55 to 85, completed a pain drawing and underwent masked electrodiagnostic testing including bilateral paraspinal mapping and testing of 6 muscles on the most symptomatic  limb .
The use of the estrogen receptor , progesterone receptor  and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2  as biomarkers is standard practice in the clinical management of breast cancer. Their expression directs the use of targeted therapeutics such as tamoxifen and trastuzumab that have dramatically improved patient survival. TNBC comprises 1020% of breast cancer cases and is more commonly identified in younger women and those with African American or Hispanic heritage .
Understanding the genetic structure of populations is of genetic and anthropological interest. Each individual in a population has a unique genetic history. Thus, evaluating genetic variation within and between populations has important consequences for both forensic and medical genetics.
Correlative light and electron microscopy  aims at bridging the time and resolution gap between light microscopy  and electron microscopy   . A critical step in CLEM is the immobilization of the specimen between the LM and the EM. To date High Pressure Freezing  is the sole method allowing vitrification of samples from cells to small organisms .
The epidermis, which forms the outer covering of mammalian skin, is maintained throughout life by proliferation of stem cells and differentiation of their progeny . Notch signalling plays an essential role in cell fate determination during embryogenesis and also in postnatal life . Following binding of ligand , Notch undergoes cleavage of its intracellular domain.
The ubiquitin proteasome pathway provides the cell with a mechanism to control protein levels by regulated protein degradation . The regulated degradation of proteins by the ubiquitin proteasome system is essential for many cellular processes including synaptic plasticity, embryonic development and gamete formation. Alterations in the ubiquitin proteasome pathway have been shown to result in neurological disorders, cancer and infertility  .
Demonstration of differentiation along a hepatocyte or cholangiocyte lineage following transplantation into the liver of a suitable host has been accepted as the most definitive method for assessing the differentiation potential of putative hepatic progenitors. with the discovery of a mutant strain of F344 rats lacking an enzymatically active form of the cell surface exoprotease, dipeptidyl peptidase IV  . and others subsequently showed that donor hepatocytes from wild type F344 rats transplanted into DPPIV− hosts could be differentiated from host hepatocytes by indirect immunofluorescence  with monoclonal antibodies  specific for enzymatically active DPPIV or by a histochemical stain for DPPIV activity .
The clinical management of melanoma is evolving rapidly due to improved understanding of the molecular drivers of this disease. BRAFV600 mutations increase the kinase activity of BRAF and result in constitutive activation of the RAS RAF MAPK pathway. Mutation selective BRAF inhibitors  and MEK inhibitors  have been approved by the FDA for the treatment of metastatic melanoma patients with BRAFV600 mutations.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy  is the standard of care to downstage inoperable cancers, and it is increasingly being used for operable cancers to facilitate better outcomes in breast conserving surgery . Most of these studies, however, focused on the overall accuracy not the factors that may affect the accuracy. MRI may either overestimate or underestimate the residual disease .
One of the central functions of the visual system is to recognize objects. Crowding is a striking example where this fails. Most theories of crowding argue for a two stage process .
A growing number of children who are deaf are receiving bilateral cochlear implants , in an attempt to provide them with acoustic cues that are known to be important for spatial hearing. The benefits of BICI in adults are well documented. When both cochlear implants  are activated compared with when a single CI is used there appear to be significant improvements in the ability of adult patients to understand speech in noise , and to localize sounds .
Subchondral cysts are deeply related to the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis , but the factors contributing to cyst formation are not well known. A three dimensional analysis of subchondral cysts at the micro structural level was conducted using high resolution peripheral quantitative CT , and their relationships with cartilage attrition and subchondral bone microstructure were investigated . Femoral heads extracted from ten female patients with hip OA were scanned using HR pQCT at a voxel size of 41 μm.
Prostate cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer death among men in the United States, with an anticipated 186,320 newly diagnosed cases and 28,660 deaths in 2008 . The majority of men with clinically localized PCa are treated with radical prostatectomy , which provides excellent cancer control . However, there is no consensus regarding the optimal management of locally advanced PCa .
Implementation of evidence based practices  in community based treatment settings is both challenging and complex . It is especially necessary to increase effectiveness in service delivery and reduce variation in care for vulnerable populations . In particular, delivery of evidence based care in racial and ethnic minority communities is an important element in reducing health disparities .
Caring for stroke survivors can be burdensome for their informal caregivers, with additional burden perceived when caring for stroke survivors with emotional problems . The degree to which caregiver work is perceived as a burden may differ among different societies and cultures, depending on cultural ideas of familism and individualism . In Korea, Confucian ideology places the eldest male at the head of the family, receiving loyalty from his offspring.
Obstructive sleep apnea  and hyperaldosteronism are very common in subjects with resistant hypertension. We hypothesized that aldosterone mediated chronic fluid retention may influence OSA severity in patients with resistant hypertension. We tested this in an open label evaluation by assessing the changes in the severity of OSA in patients with resistant hypertension following treatment with spironolactone .
2,4,6 Trichlorophenol , a major environmental pollutant, has been used extensively as a preservative and a biocide . The gram negative bacterium Cupriavidus necator JMP134, a versatile degrader of aromatic compounds, can use TCP as a carbon and energy source . A gene cluster, tcpRXABCYD, is involved in TCP degradation , and all the encoded proteins have been characterized except TcpY .
Modern India is a country of great diversity at many levels: cultural, linguistic and genetic . This system is based on the division of society into four broad castes, each originally linked to a specific social occupation: Brahmins, the priests; Kshatriyas, the warriors; Vaishyas, the farmers, merchants and businessmen; Sudras, the servants and workers. A fifth caste, the Panchamas , was added later to include people outside the first four castes.
Users of marijuana and cannabinoid  related substances often experience a compulsive craving for food. The appetite stimulating effects of cannabinoids, CBs, have been known for centuries. Thus, cannabinoid agonists increase in appetite in various animal models and in humans is a basis for the clinical utility of CBs in cachexia in HIV AIDS and in cancer chemotherapy.
In the United States, 459 children died from pedestrian injuries in 2010 and another 215,188 were treated in emergency departments following pedestrian injuries . Global data are less precise, but estimates exceed 30,000 child pedestrians killed annually worldwide . Strategies to reduce child pedestrian injuries and deaths are urgently needed .
Despite increasing demand for clinical interventions into sexual problems in an aging population, epidemiological data on the subject are scarce . Statistical analysis of data from the 20052006 National Social Life, Health, and Aging Project , a nationally representative U.S. probability sample of 1,550 women and 1,455 men aged 5785 at the time of interview . Likelihood of experiencing sexual dysfunction in the preceding 12 months .
Voltage gated sodium channels  are transmembrane glycoproteins that underlie the rapid upstroke of action potentials  in excitable tissues such as the heart, skeletal muscle and brain. Mendelian inherited mutations in Nav channels result in diseases of excitability such as myotonias, paralyses, cardiac arrhythmias, and ataxias and seizure disorders . The first four helices αI αIV, form an EF hand like motif  that has a fold similar to that of a Ca2+ binding EF hand .
According to the American Cancer Society, over 23,000 new cases of brain and other nervous system tumors will be diagnosed in 2013 in the United States . Following optimal surgical debulking, radiation therapy alone has been shown to increase mean survival time of GBM patients from approximately six months to only one year . The efficacy of TMZ is most frequently influenced by the methylation status of the MGMT  gene promoter .
One of the major routes of pathogen exposure in humans occurs through the oral cavity, . In response to potential pathogen infection, there exists a variety of different mediators present in human saliva that are involved in host defense. Interestingly of the approximately 50 known forms of β defensins, these peptides of 3550 residues in length contain only eight conserved amino acids six of which are the cysteine residues involved in disulfide bridge formation.
Breast magnetic resonance imaging  is the most sensitive modality for detecting breast cancer, often identifying malignancy otherwise occult by mammography, ultrasound, and clinical breast examination . Moreover, the technology has now become readily available in community settings throughout the U.S. with interpretation and reporting completed by both subspecialty trained breast imagers and general radiologists  . Standardized use of the lexicon and BI RADS assessment categories allows for improved communication among radiologists and clinicians with regards to suspicious imaging findings and clinical recommendations .
Periventricular leukomalacia , the predominant pathological substrate underlying cerebral palsy and potentially cognitive deficits in long term survivors of prematurity, is a lesion of the immature cerebral white matter typically associated with cerebral hypoxia ischemia with additional contribution from maternofetal infection in some cases . Pathologically, the PVL lesion is composed of a focally necrotic component in the deep periventricular white matter that is characterized by macrophages and axonal spheroids as well as a diffuse component in the surrounding white matter characterized by reactive astrogliosis and activated microglia. The causes of PVL are complex and likely include cerebral ischemia/reperfusion and maternal/neonatal infection with fetal/neonatal systemic inflammation .
The nature of the relationship between exposure to sexual content in the media and adolescent sexual development has not been clearly established. The amount of time in that Youth use media almost 6.5 hours an average day . Thus the media are clearly a considerable presence in their lives and sexual content in television is well documented  although there are conflicting views about change over time .
The development of pulmonary hypertension  is multi factorial with genetic background and environmental stress being two critical components. Lungs are open to the environment and are susceptible to cold air stimulation. Exposure to cold temperatures is an important public health concern, particularly for those dying from cardiorespiratory diseases.
The androgen receptor  is a member of the nuclear hormone receptor  superfamily, which consists of a large group of ligand regulated transcription factors . AR is thus the major therapeutic target for this malignancy  . AR activation is initiated by binding of testosterone or the more potent dihydrotestosterone  to its ligand binding domain.
Retrieving a word from memory has consequences for later retrieval. This is particularly true when retrieval occurs in a semantic memory task such as picture naming. In this paper, we explain the mechanisms behind cumulative semantic interference in the domain of picture naming.
An emerging hallmark of cancer is the “metabolic transformation” that occurs to accommodate the needs of a proliferating population of cells . In addition to glucose, cancer cells utilize glutamine as a nitrogen source for nucleotides and as a carbon source . Cancer cells also need essential amino acids that mammalian cells cannot synthesize.
Experimental data obtained thus far have demonstrated the existence of ionizing radiation induced “bystander effects”  in diverse eukaryotic cell systems. Although many of these end points are due to DNA damage induction, the precise molecular nature of the signal for BE remains enigmatic. BE can be induced both by low  and high linear energy transfer  radiations.
Fall school openings have been consistently associated with an increase in the transmission of respiratory agents, including occasionally influenza . It is difficult to measure the contribution of schools to influenza transmission in a community. Such studies may provide the best insight into the role of schools in community wide transmission, but these natural experiments generally occur in the midst of widespread transmission.
Brain derived neurotrophic factor  and its specific receptor TrkB are critically involved in neural development and synaptic plasticity . BDNF TrkB signaling pathway has also been found to play an important role in epileptogenesis . BDNF release depends on neuronal activity .
Treatment options and therapeutic guidelines have evolved substantially since highly active antiretroviral treatment  became the standard of HIV care in 1996. We conducted the present population based analysis to characterize the determinants of direct costs of HAART over time in British Columbia , Canada . We considered individuals ever receiving HAART in BC from 19962011.
Molecular chaperones are a family of cellular proteins that assist polypeptides with correct assembly and disassembly. There are several classes of molecular chaperones, including chaperonins and heat shock proteins . HSPs have both intracellular and extracellular functions.
The mammalian pancreas is a mixed gland composed of two distinct tissues, exocrine and endocrine. During the last stages of embryonic development, the endocrine cells of the pancreas begin to organize into islets containing a core of cells that produce insulin  and peripheral cells that express glucagon  or other hormones . The growth of an organ is mediated by increases in both, cell size and cell number, through the coordinated action of cell growth and cell cycle progression .
Non human primate embryos are increasingly regarded as valuable translational models for human health, including studies on infertility and embryonic stem cells. However, only a few centres have the capability to produce monkey embryos, both because of the need to maintain substantial numbers of expensive animals and the requirement for special expertise and facilities required to generate embryos by IVF. Numerous other research laboratories might benefit from studying monkey embryos but lack one or both of these essential requirements.
Aromatase inhibitors  have become the choice for first line hormonal therapy ofestrogen receptor alpha  positive breast cancer in postmenopausal women. However, many patients are initially refractory or acquire resistance to AI treatment. The mechanisms responsible for the development of resistance remain poorly defined.
Altered chromatin architecture is thought to sometimes spread along a chromosome causing epigenetic changes to the genes located in the affected region . The mechanism of spreading chromatin modifications over short  distances has been well worked out in the case of yeast mating type silencing . However, less is known about how different chromatin states are propagated in cis over large  domains.
Natural IgM is a critical mediator of innate immune protection. Indeed, IgM antibody against viruses, bacteria, and fungi is readily detectable in the circulation of unimmunized mice, and is highly efficient in activating complement and sequestering antigen in secondary lymphoid organs . These functions not only control the early spread of pathogens directly, but also promote the initiation of T dependent humoral responses  .
Acute kidney injury , as defined by a wide range of serum creatinine increments, is a consistent and powerful predictor of in hospital mortality, and is associated with an increase in length of stay at hospital, hospital costs, and posthospitalization resource utilization. , The limited oxygen supply to renal tissue renders the kidney susceptible to hypoxia, particularly the medulla, and has been long recognized as an important factor in the pathogenesis of AKI. Hypoxia inducible factor 1a  is the major transcription factor that mediates cellular responses to tissue hypoxia.
Chronic Helicobacter infections are found in over 50% of the adult population in the U.S. and up to 90% of the developing world population . These chemokines recruit both neutrophils and macrophages. However, after H. hepaticus infection, wildtype C57Bl/6 mice maintain cecal homeostasis with a decreased IL 12 response .
In 1980, the World Health Organization declared that smallpox had been eradicated . Possible side effects of vaccination range in severity from mild fever and rash to keratitis, systemic infection, encephalitis, myocarditis and death . The risks associated with vaccination, and the potential for deliberate release of Variola virus, has led to renewed efforts to identify novel compounds with activity against poxviruses for potential therapeutic use .
Although the nucleotide sequences of mouse and human fortilins, also known as p21 and translationally controlled tumor protein , were reported in 1988 and 1999, their role in apoptosis regulation has been unknown. Fortilin proved to be a molecule that interacts specifically with MCL1 . Fortilin’s amino acid sequence is highly conserved in a variety of species such as plants and humans.
FTLD is amongst the most prevalent neurodegenerative dementias after Alzheimer's. Symptomatology includes pronounced behavioral changes with altered motivation, personality and/or language function, with pathology in the frontal and temporal lobes . Thus, understanding of FTLD TDP is intimately connected with the function of the neuronal lysosome .
The similarities between the rhesus macaque brain and its human counterpart have lead to use of the former in studies of neurological disorders and their treatment . Due to the serial nature and high cost of these studies, non invasive modalities: MRI for morphology or function and proton MR spectroscopy  for metabolism, are often favored. Instrumental factors such as the static  and radio frequency  field inhomogeneity can be handled by field mapping and internal water referencing .
The cardiovascular manifestations of acute neurological events have been well documented . Several ECG abnormalities have been reported in patients following acute cerebrovascular events including QT interval prolongation, ST segment deviation and T wave changes . These abnormalities have been attributed to transient increases in sympathetic activity  .
Muscular dystrophies  comprise a heterogeneous group of inherited diseases that mainly affect striated muscle. MD are characterized by progressive muscle weakness, atrophy and in many instances, premature death . Many of these mutations cause cell membrane disruption  which may trigger cytoplasmic and/or mitochondrial calcium overload .
Group AB plasma, the traditional universal donor plasma product, is a limited resource. We compared outcomes of Group A plasma transfusion in comparison to AB . Analysis of blunt injured patients who received emergency release plasma from was performed.
Primary biliary cirrhosis  is a complex autoimmune disease that is likely caused by environmental interaction with genetically determined predisposition . PBC is characterized by the destruction of small intrahepatic bile ducts, subsequently causing biliary cholestasis. This sustained chronic injury may ultimately lead to the development of end stage liver disease requiring liver transplantation.
Our ability to prepare and adapt to the environment is fundamental to human existence. This alerting mechanism appears largely driven by the hippocampus preparing the HPA axis for arousal and stress , which may be accompanied by memory representations upon waking that allow orientation to self, place, time and personal demands  . While previous studies suggest that the CAR is robust and reliable based on age in children and adults , developmental changes may influence the presence and magnitude of the CAR especially during adolescence .
Recent reports indicate the increased use of methylphenidate  for behavioral disorders, cognitive enhancing effects, and for recreation . MPD exerts its effects by altering the dopamine  system. The NAc mediates reward behavior through dense dopaminergic projections from the ventral tegmental area  .
Over the last four decades, the use of Drosophila as a model organism has expanded dramatically to include many aspects of behavior and physiology previously thought inaccessible to genetic analysis. The pioneering work in this area by Benzer and colleagues included the isolation of neurodegeneration mutants, beginning with drd. Since this first report, a number of Drosophila neurodegeneration mutants have been characterized, including several with phenotypes similar to human diseases.
Telomerase is a ribonucleoprotein complex composed of the catalytic protein subunit hTERT  and RNA subunit hTR , which serves as the template for the synthesis of telomeric DNA . Therefore, detailed understanding of telomerase regulation is necessary to determine the mechanisms of carcinogenesis and to develop novel armaments against cancer . These efforts have revealed that hTERT promoter is enriched with transcription factor binding sites .
Collateral vessels provide a mechanism to protect against adverse outcomes associated with atherosclerosis. For people with lower extremity peripheral artery disease , collateral vessels are a natural bypass system, protect against critical limb ischemia, and may reduce ischemia related leg symptoms. However, collateral vessels do not restore perfusion to normal.
Allergic rhinitis  is an IgE mediated disease with symptoms of rhinorrhea, nasal obstruction, nasal itching and sneezing upon exposure to aeroallergens. In the USA, approximately $11.2 billion was spent on AR treatments in 2005. Preschool children and young adults with AR are at increased risk for asthma later in life., Early exposure to traffic related air pollutants, specifically diesel exhaust particles , may enhance risk for aeroallergen sensitization and development of allergic disorders in childhood., To address these gaps, we conducted the Cincinnati Childhood Allergy and Air Pollution Study  birth cohort to test the hypothesis that childhood DEP exposure is associated with development of aeroallergen sensitization and allergic disease.
The class of foods known as added sugars has been defined by the United States Department of Agriculture  as sugars and syrups that are added to foods during processing or preparation. They include white sugar, brown sugar, raw sugar, corn syrup, corn syrup solids, high fructose corn syrup, malt syrup, maple syrup, pancake syrup, and fructose sweetener; they do not include naturally occurring sugars such as lactose in milk or fructose in fruits . The consumption of added sugars in the United States  has increased dramatically since 1985 , and there has been increasing concern and research about their role in disease.
The human placenta represents the anatomical and functional feto maternal interface. When a robust inflammatory reaction during pregnancy is mounted , both maternal and fetal inflammatory responses can be observed. One of the histologic manifestations of such an inflammatory response is infiltration of both maternal and fetal neutrophils in the placenta .
Magnetic resonance imaging  provides exquisitely detailed images of the anatomy of the prostate and is the most sensitive imaging modality available for the detection and local staging of prostate cancer. For optimal MR imaging of prostate cancer, an endorectal coil must be used in conjunction with a pelvic phased array coil . However, since the endorectal coil introduces considerable deformation of the prostate and surrounding tissues, the registration of endorectal MR images with pathological sections is especially challenging.
Previous research has primarily focused on the relationship between illicit drug use and HIV/STI risk behavior among African American women. Very few studies have solely reviewed the role of alcohol use on risky sexual behavior. The present study examined the relationship between alcohol use at non abuse levels and risky sexual behaviors and sexually transmitted infections  among young adult African American women .
High resolution peripheral quantitative computed tomography  is a promising non invasive method for in vivo 3D characterization of human bone . Whereas clinical HR pQCT studies have primarily focused on trabecular micro architecture , the significance of cortical bone at these sites has recently received increased attention . These properties are modified through distinct physiologic processes  and, therefore, represent unique targets for pharmacologic intervention.
There has recently been a series of neuroimaging studies that demonstrate that there is a pitch processing center in lateral Heschl’s gyrus . There is more activation when a sound has a pitch, and the level of activation varies with pitch strength. It is referred to as the pitch onset response   .
Endocrine disrupting compounds  are chemicals that perturb the endocrine system either by acting as agonists or antagonists to sex hormone receptors, thus mimicking or preventing the action of endogenous estrogens and androgens. Bisphenol A   is a monomer used in the synthesis of polycarbonate plastics and epoxy resins worldwide and is commonly found in baby bottles, food containers, and linings of food and beverage cans. BPA can migrate from containers into the contents, allowing for the direct exposure to humans via ingestion .
Stress is common and unavoidable, and exposure to stress of various forms can significantly alter brain function and promote cognitive and emotional disorders. Effects of stress on cognition are complex and depend on factors including the nature, duration, and timing of stress, and the specific cognitive task employed. In contrast, ventral hippocampus is endowed with distinct afferent/efferent connections, including robust pathways to amygdala,, which may enhance the emotional salience of memories., Stress, and stress hormones, influence dorsal and ventral hippocampus differentially: chronic stress attenuates long term potentiation in dorsal, but not ventral CA1, suggesting that discrete mechanisms exist for the effects of stress mediators on dorso ventral components of the hippocampal formation.
During T cell development, the organism generates a T cell population with an extended repertoire of antigen specificities. The majority of thymocytes bear TCRs that do not recognize the MHC molecules present in the thymus, and these cells die relatively rapidly . Most of what we understand about these processes has been learnt using genetically modified mice, especially mice engineered to express a rearranged transgenic TCR.
Human HCC is the fifth commonest cause of cancer deaths worldwide  and is increasingly frequent in the USA , with approximately 15,000 new cases annually . There is thus the need for less toxic and effective therapy for HCC. It has broad activity against various tumor cell lines in vitro and in xenograft models .
Placebo response rates in trials of antipsychotic medications for acute schizophrenia are rising, mirroring increases observed in illnesses such as Major Depressive Disorder  . In 28 atypical antipsychotic trials, Kemp et al. reported that the average symptom improvement among patients assigned to placebo increased by over 10 points on the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale  between 1991 and 2006 . Agid et al  found that the standardized mean effect size associated with placebo treatment significantly increased over time .
Although cementless implants have become increasingly popular, particularly in the North American market, polymethylmethacrylate  cement is still widely used to secure orthopaedic implants within bone. Despite its long clinical history, the behavior of the cement mantle in an implant/cement/bone construct is poorly understood. This has led to unexpectedly poor clinical outcomes for some novel cemented implants .
Estrogens regulate physiological processes in various tissues, including but not limited to the uterus, mammary gland, bone, prostate, colon, lung, heart and brain. Estradiol stimulates a number of physiological responses in the mammary gland. These include DNA synthesis in mammary epithelial cells and proliferation of stromal cells .
Integral membrane proteins  are difficult to handle in vitro because they are not soluble in aqueous solutions unless they are complexed by surfactants, most often detergents. Detergents, however, destabilize most MPs . CD provides an easy measure of secondary structure content, allowing direct comparison of the conformational state of the protein in various environments.
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of deaths in the developed world. These alterations at a cellular level precede the macroscopic manifestation of the pathology that may enable its early detection. Inflammation in endothelial cells of an artery may participate in initiation and progression of plaque .
Delirium is common, morbid, and costly in hospitalized elders . Despite increasing awareness of its importance, most delirium, particularly hypoactive delirium and delirium superimposed on dementia, still goes unrecognized . Prompt recognition of delirium is the first key step in its appropriate management, which involves careful review for reversible contributors, preventing complications , and instituting cognitive and physical rehabilitation .
The biologic and physiologic changes during the teen years are more strongly correlated with pubertal maturation than chronologic age. Common markers of pubertal onset include self or parental report of menarche, height velocity, and breast development. Difficulties in determining breast stage development in the obese child and teen inaccuracies in self report limit the use of such methods .
Phase II enzymes play important roles in maintaining redox homeostasis, resistance against oxidative stress, and detoxification and elimination of toxins. It is important to note that many commercial protein kinase inhibitors do not have absolute specificity of action. This approach was used in this study as the principal goal was not to identify the signaling pathways for each phase II gene but to determine whether or not the same pathways were involved in their induction.
Metastatic melanoma is the leading cause of skin cancer deaths in the US, with a median overall survival of only 69 months . Despite advances in the field, the reference therapy for patients diagnosed with metastatic melanoma is Dacarbazine , which was first approved for treatment in the 1970’s. DTIC therapy is associated with poor patient outcome, with complete response occurring in less than 5% of cases .
Therapeutic hypothermia is now standard clinical care for moderate to severe neonatal encephalopathy in the UK and developed world. Clinical trials have included whole body cooling with core temperature reduced to 33.5°C for 72 hours, as the optimal temperature for neural rescue is likely to be below 34°C. There are however around 40% of infants who, despite hypothermic treatment, have an adverse neurodevelopmental outcome.
Acquisition of chronic pulmonary infection with Pseudomonas aeruginosa is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with cystic fibrosis . The accumulation of mucus plugs in the airways, composed in part of bacterial alginate, reduces airway conductance, accelerating the rate of decline in pulmonary function. Increased transcription of genes that encode alginate biosynthetic enzymes involves multiple regulatory and signalling molecules .
China has witnessed an increasing rate of heterosexual transmission of HIV in recent years. In 2007, heterosexual transmission was reported to be responsible for 37.9% of new infections, a rapid increase from 10.7% in 2005 . Sexual intercourse is a social behavior not only in the sense that it usually involves two persons, but also in that multiple dimensions of social structures and social interaction can also influence the choice of sexual partners and risky sexual behaviors .
It is predicted that in 2009, 192,370 women in the United States will develop breast cancer and 40,170 women will die from the disease . Selective estrogen receptor modulators  reduce ER positive breast cancer recurrence by approximately 50% . However, these agents are not effective in treating ER negative breast cancer, which accounts for 3040% of all breast cancers .
Viridins, a class of compounds from fungi of which wortmannin  is a member, have long intrigued pharmacologists because of their potent antiproliferative and immune suppressive properties. Viridins are steroid like molecules which have a “extra” furan ring as a common, key structural feature. Wm is a nanomolar PI3 kinase inhibitor, , but at higher concentrations inhibits polo like kinase, mTOR, DNA dependent protein kinase and ATM.
Integrins are extracellular matrix  receptors that play important and diverse roles in metazoans, including regulation of cell motility, differentiation, survival and proliferation. The cytoplasmic domain of Itgb1 interacts with multiple proteins and transmits outside signals to cytoskeleton proteins and various membrane receptors. Tissue specific depletion of Itgb1 in cartilage as well as different epithelial tissues, such as mammary gland and skin, negatively affected cell survival and proliferation in these tissues .
Spinal cord injury  typically leads to formation of scar tissue that can be categorized into glial and fibrotic components. Most of our current knowledge of the scar tissue has come from studies on the astroglial component, whereas our understanding of the fibrotic component is relatively lacking. We recently reported that collagen1α1+ perivascular fibroblasts are a major cellular component of the fibrotic scar after SCI .
Drugs of abuse that are reinforcing share a common mechanism in causing elevated synaptic dopamine levels in the nucleus accumbens . Two distinct components of behavioral sensitization are understood to be differentially mediated by these brain regions. The influence of NK 3 receptors on dopaminergic neurotransmission also results in altered dopamine mediated behaviors.
A formidable challenge in the field of Parkinson’s Disease  research is to understand the processes that lead to the death of dopamine  containing neurons in the substantia nigra . Mitochondrial function is critical to the maintenance of adequate adenosine triphosphate  for basic cell processes. Acute glutamate excitotoxicity can produce necrotic cell death .
There has been much debate about the role of depression and other mental disorders as risk factors that further the initiation of smoking in young people . The association between mood disorders and smoking has been well established in epidemiological research ; nevertheless, the direction of the relation between smoking and depression has not been understood fully . For example, the findings of Kendler et al. supported the causal linkage from depression to smoking, whereas Wu & Anthony  found that smoking occurred before depression in older children and adolescents.
Cryptococcus neoformans is a free living pathogenic fungus that primarily inhabits soil contaminated with decaying organic matter and bird excreta . C. neoformans is a non specific pathogen that has been reported to infect and/or cause disease in a myriad of taxonomically diverse organisms from mammals to birds to such invertebrates as insects and worms  . One of the enduring questions in the field of medical mycology is the origin and maintenance of virulence by microbes, such as C. neoformans , which have no requirement to inhabit vertebrate hosts for replication or survival.
Toll like receptor 9  was identified as the receptor for oligodeoxynucleotides  containing unmethylated cytosine guanosine  dinucleotides and was originally thought to distinguish pathogen DNA from that of the mammalian host on this basis, as unmethylated CpG dinucleotides are relatively uncommon in mammalian DNA compared with pathogen DNA . This intracellular localization serves to facilitate TLR9 access to pathogen DNA and at the same time restrict TLR9 access to self DNA . This occurs by uptake and internalization of the IC by a cell surface Fcγ receptor on the DC with subsequent delivery of the DNA to intracellular TLR9 .
The purpose of this article is to describe the development of a scale that will allow us to understand the level of confidence that family members have for participating in health care decisions for terminally ill loved ones. We first identified a need for such a scale when our study of terminally ill patient decision making revealed that a high percentage of patients preferred shared decision making with family. The challenge, however, is that family and other surrogate decision makers are often unprepared for end of life decision making and many report high levels of distress from this role .
ADP ribosylation factor  proteins are small GTPases that are essential regulators of many intracellular vesicular trafficking pathways . The five human ARF isoforms  fall into three categories based on sequence similarities and comprise the class I ARFs , the class II isoforms  and a single class III protein . ARF1 is a key component in the formation of a number of different vesicular coat complexes and is essential to the dynamic assembly/disassembly of AP 1, AP 3, AP 4 and GGA1 3 based vesicle coats .
Niacin is a lipid altering agent that favorably affects multiple lipid parameters. Niacin has been evaluated in combination with simvastatin in several clinical trials and has demonstrated efficacy, with clinical improvement in multiple lipid parameters . Simvastatin like other statins is a lipid altering drug with proven lipid and coronary artery disease  outcome efficacy .
Cell migration in response to chemotactic and haptotactic cues is essential for proper organismal development . Dysregulation of cell migration can lead to developmental disorders and diseases, including cancer invasion and metastasis . Localized control of actomyosin contractility is essential for directed cell migration.
Spontaneous fluctuations in blood oxygenation level dependent  fMRI signals have recently aroused a large amount of interest in the fMRI literature . By studying fluctuations at rest, researchers have claimed that the brain is intrinsically organized into dynamic, anti correlated functional networks . Subsequent studies have identified several consistent resting state networks, including motor, auditory, visual, attention and default mode .
Hepatitis B virus  remains an important human pathogen despite the existence of a highly effective vaccine. Particularly in resource limited contexts, vaccination rates remain well under 100% and vaccination at birth of infants born to HBV positive mothers is not fully protective against vertical transmission . Moreover, it is estimated that over 240 million individuals, ~4% of the world population, remain chronically infected with HBV and are therefore at high risk for cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma , leading to ~800,000 deaths per year that are directly linked to HBV infection  .
Necrotizing enterocolitis  is the leading cause of death from gastrointestinal disease in preterm infants, and remains a major cause of long term disability in those who survive the disease, . Despite the increasing frequency with which NEC is diagnosed, its pathogenesis remains largely uncertain, although there is general acceptance that its development reflects persistent intestinal mucosal injury. In seeking to understand how mucosal injury in NEC occurs, we have recently shown that NEC development requires activation of the innate immune receptor Toll like receptor 4  on enterocytes, and that TLR4 activation by bacterial endotoxin  inhibits enterocyte proliferation and leads to disease progression, .
Based on experimental animal models and epidemiological evidence, Helicobacter pylori infection causes persistent chronic gastritis, which in susceptible individuals, may progress to atrophy, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia, and finally intestinal type gastric cancer . H. pylori infection resulted in overexpression of type 2 cyclooxygenase  in primary gastric cancer and gastric cancer cell lines of human and mouse gastric epithelial cells . Recent studies suggested a positive association between hypergastrinemia, H. pylori infection, and gastric cancer in humans and mice .
When a population is well adapted to its environment, the vast majority of new mutations will be neutral or negative. In small populations, individually deleterious mutations may fix sequentially by drift . At low frequencies, mutations required for a given complex adaptation are almost always present separately, where selection acts against them.
Retinal ganglion cells  are the sole output neurons of the retina. Their dendrites receive synapses from bipolar and amacrine interneurons in the inner plexiform layer , their somata reside in a narrow ganglion cell layer, they express several common molecular features, and their axons travel through the optic nerve to retinorecipient structures in the brain, where they form glutamatergic synapses . As a well defined and accessible neuronal type, RGCs have been a favored object for elucidating developmental, molecular, cell biological and electrophysiological principles that apply to central neurons generally .
Within its native range in Asia, Aedes japonicus  larvae are found in a wide variety of natural and artificial containers, however rock pools appear to be the most favored habitat . Immatures of this species have occupied a similar ecological niche since its invasion of the United States in 1998 via used tire shipments  from Japan . This species appears to have become established on the west coast in Washington  and has recently been detected in Mississippi, Nevada , and Hawaii .
Herpesviruses comprise a family of relatively large double stranded DNA viruses, which are widespread among humans and other animals. The Roseolovirus genus is composed of three human viruses: the closely related human herpesvirus 6A  and human herpesvirus 6B  and the more distantly related human herpesvirus 7  . Roseoloviruses are among the most prevalent viruses in the human population with primary infection occurring during early childhood .
Although common in Nature, self assemblies that are principally driven by entropy are rare among the range of synthetic assemblies reported to date. Instead, it is routine to ensure assembly by using structural motifs that make a significant enthalpic contribution to the overall free energy change during assembly. Recently, we have been interested in assembly systems designed to rely on entropic changes.
Chromatin structure is organized by nucleosomes, each of which consists of an octamer composed of four core histones  and ~147 bp DNA, which wraps around the octamer. For instance, histone H3K4 trimethylation marks promoters that are either active or poised for transcription while H3K36 trimethylation is often associated with gene bodies and has been shown to suppress spurious gene transcription and promote transcriptional elongation . RNA splicing is involved in the expression of most human genes, playing key roles in differentiation, cell cycle progression, and development.
T regulatory cells  play a critical role in maintaining peripheral tolerance, and their loss results in severe autoimmune disease in both humans and in mice . In humans, however, generation of therapeutic quantities of Tregs, particularly under GMP compliant conditions, has proven problematic . Since T effector cells have a replicative advantage in most culture systems, low level contamination of input cultures by effector T cells after Treg enrichment presents an obstacle to developing therapeutic adoptive transfer strategies with Treg cultures after several weeks of ex vivo expansion.
Mucus secretions serve as the body’s first line of defense against pathogens , toxins , and environmental ultrafine particles  at exposed surfaces not covered by skin, such as the eye and the respiratory, gastrointestinal and cervicovaginal tracts. The barrier properties of mucus are rooted in its dense network of mucin fibers, which contain highly glycosylated  segments interspersed by hydrophobic, lipid coated domains . These features enable mucus to trap foreign particles through steric obstruction and/or adhesion to mucus constituents via hydrophobic, electrostatic and hydrogen bonding interactions.
Optimal adherence to highly active antiretroviral therapy  is crucial to maximize the clinical benefits of treatment, delay disease progression, and to prevent the emergence and transmission of drug resistant viruses. Although recent data suggest that boosted protease inhibitors and non nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors are more forgiving than nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors and non boosted protease inhibitors,,  adherence at levels of 95% or greater has long been recommended. Maintaining long term adherence to HAART is difficult due to complex regimens, unpleasant side effects and because patients with HIV infection must take HAART consistently for the duration of their lives.
With Edward Kendall’s discovery of compound E, Louis Sarrett’s synthesis of ‘cortisone’ and Philip Hench’s successful application to a patient with rheumatoid arthritis , glucocorticoids  became the ‘wonder drug’ of the 20th century and have held a special place in the management of rheumatoid arthritis ever since . Their use is cost effective and their potent anti inflammatory properties help provide rapid symptomatic relief. Randomized controlled trials have demonstrated an ability to retard radiographic progression in RA and prevent development of new erosions, thus confirming disease modifying effects when used in low doses .
The population in the US is progressively aging. The proportion of the population aged >65 years is projected to increase from 12.4% to 19.6% by 2030. and the absolute number of elderly persons is projected to increase from approximately 35 million to 71 million. Moreover, the number of persons in the US > 80 years of age is projected to double from 9.5 million in 2000 to 19 million in 2030. , .
Memory storage remains a limitation when running very large neuronal networks . With number of neurons n, connectivity storage grows as n2. With connectivity densities of 0.110%, 1 · 106 neurons will require from 1 · 109 to 1 · 1011 synapses.
Banned organochlorine  insecticides are widespread persistent organic pollutants that bioaccumulate in wildlife and humans. While OC insecticides are structurally diverse, they share a number of modes of toxic action. Alterations in lipid homeostasis occur in rodents at OC insecticide doses that are not overtly neurotoxic or carcinogenic.
ATP dependent cyclical interactions between myosin containing thick filaments and actin containing thin filaments drive muscle contraction in all animals. In vertebrate striated muscles, the C terminal two thirds of tropomyosin associates with specific domains of troponin, an asymmetric protein complex comprised of TnT , TnI , and TnC subunits  . Thus, a single thin filament “regulatory unit” consists of seven actin subunits controlled by a single troponin tropomyosin complex.
Glycerol 3 phosphate acyltransferase 1 converts sn glycerol 3 phosphate to 1 acyl sn glycerol 3 phosphate, the first step in the biosynthetic pathway of all glycerolipids. Also, mtGPAT activity is higher in the livers from both diet induced obese mice and leptin deficient ob/ob mice when compared with their lean controls  . It has been shown that elevated hepatic mtGPAT is associated with obesity since the enzyme can divert activated fatty acids from oxidation to glycerolipid synthesis.
Venous thromboembolism , comprising the conditions of deep vein thrombosis  and pulmonary embolism , is the third most common cardiovascular disorder in adult Americans. While the magnitude of VTE increases dramatically with advancing age, relatively little is known about the natural history of this disorder in the elderly. The high risk elderly population has unfortunately been under represented in clinical trials evaluating therapeutic options for this condition, thereby leaving clinicians to generalize resulting data to the elderly when making clinical decisions.
The neuregulin 1  encodes a family of growth factors that interact with ERBB receptor tyrosine kinases via the epidermal growth factor  like domain to initiate intracellular signaling cascades critical to neuronal functions . NRG1 proproteins undergo extracellular proteolytic processing at the juxtamembrane region to release EGF like domain, which then participates in paracrine signaling involving ERBB receptors . Thus, Type III NRG1 is believed to signal via ERBB receptors in a juxtacrine manner .
Cochlear implants are the first successful example of replacing a human sensory end organ with an electronic device. There are two main reasons why the cochlear implant is considered one of the major medical advances of the twentieth century. The case of children is significant because in their case cochlear implants influence not only their ability to understand speech but also their ability to speak intelligibly and their development of oral language.
Hepatocellular carcinoma  is the most common primary hepatic malignancy and is the second most common cause of cancer related deaths in the world. Recently, HCC recurrence and stage has been shown to be independently predicted by the degree of CD8+ tumor infiltrating T cells . PD 1  may have an important role in the exhaustion of CD8+ T cells in infectious diseases .
Mast cells  are stem cell factor  dependent hematopoietic cells that are ubiquitously distributed throughout the body  and they initiate inflammatory responses to allergens and infectious agents . c Kit is a member of the type III subclass of receptor tyrosine kinases, comprising of an N terminal extracellular ligand binding domain, a transmembrane domain and a cytoplasmic kinase domain, which is activated by ligand mediated receptor dimerization . C Kit activation by SCF is crucial for the survival and proliferation of human MCs and and the deregulation of the c kit/SCF axis can lead to uncontrolled proliferation as seen during systemic mastocytosis.
While medical advances have improved cancer survival, there is an increasing emphasis on addressing the “human costs” of cancer treatment . These costs include the aversive side effects of often life saving treatments. Side effects including pain, fatigue, nausea, and vomiting are not only commonly experienced; they can significantly negatively impact quality of life  and increase patients’ distress .
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease characterized by joint inflammation and progressive cartilage and bone erosion . Leukocyte infiltration into the joint space and tissue is a key component of both RA and CIA . A recent commercially available arthritis induction protocol has provided a new murine RA model .
Halophilic Archaea  represent some of the mostextremophilic microorganisms known. Haloarchaea inhabit hypersaline habitats with35 M sodium chloride concentrations and contain equally high concentrationof salts in their cytoplasm . NRC 1 was the first in the Haloarchaeafamily to be sequenced and provided a convenient experimental genetic system forpostgenomic studies of DNA repair and replication .
When Ca2+ enters cells in response to depletion of intracellular stores, it is called store operated Ca2+ entry, and serves as the major route of Ca2+ entry into animal cells . Store operated Ca2+ entry is mediated primarily by the Ca2+ selective release activated Ca2+  channel , which consists of the pore forming subunits ORAI13 and the Ca2+ sensors, STIM1 and STIM2. STIM1 binds Ca2+ through two EF hand containing domains located in the lumen of the endoplasmic reticulum .
In bilingual populations, residual differences can be seen between native and non native language processing, even if both languages are spoken well. The sentences are embedded in different levels of noise, which allows the investigation of how degrading the ‘bottomup’ speech input interacts with ‘topdown’ knowledge of higher level linguistic information. Here, we propose to extend existing research showing that native listeners benefit from linguistic context under adverse listening conditions by using a new paradigm which will allow to specifically isolate the semantic ‘higher level’ component of language, and to determine whether this level  contributes to the native language advantage when listening to degraded speech.
Since the first description of simple and complex cells in the primary visual cortex  , the synaptic circuits underlying these two types of cells have been extensively studied and discussed. It is generally proposed for simple cells that the spatially segregated On and Off subregions in their receptive fields  primarily originate from convergent inputs from On  and Off center thalamic relay cells, respectively . However, the contribution of cortical input, especially that of cortical inhibitory input, to the generation of simple cell RFs remains controversial.
Single particle electron microscopy  is routinely used to resolve the three dimensional  structure of large macromolecular assemblies . In some cases, structural heterogeneity can be approximated with discrete number of conformations. However, a description by a number of intermediate structural states is practically reasonable  .
Programming refers to the action of a factor during a sensitive developmental period affecting the organization and maturity of specific organs. Considering the extended pre  and postnatal developmental trajectory of the brain, it is apparent that early life experiences have the potential to sculpt brain morphology. The immature brain can be considered “under construction”  with the development of the human central nervous system following a protracted, neatly orchestrated chain of specific ontogenetic events.
Infections acquired during hospitalization  are associated with increased hospital length of stay, rates of death, and increased costs. Substantial effort is devoted to preventing healthcare associated infections through practices designed to reduce the transmission of nosocomial pathogens, such as hand hygiene, bundles for insertion and care of devices, and isolation of patients with multi drug resistant organisms , . The skin of hospitalized patients is a reservoir for pathogens and invasion by skin flora is thought to be a mechanism contributing to healthcare associated infections.
Filling out personality measures takes time. First, development of an abbreviated measure can be a relatively laborious process. For example, a common strategy for abbreviating multi dimensional personality inventories is to select a subset of items from each scale that maximize item total correlations while maintaining high internal consistency ; however, this approach can inadvertently restrict the breadth of the abbreviated measure by failing to sample from the full breadth of the original domain .
Staphylococcus aureus, a persistent nasal colonizer in approximately one third of the human population , causes infections ranging from superficial skin lesions to life threatening syndromes such as endocarditis, osteomyelitis, toxic shock, and sepsis . Indeed, S. aureus is the second leading cause of healthcare associated bacteremia, accounting for ~13 % of such infections. Of note, the acquisition of nosocomial S. aureus bloodstream infections leads to extended length of hospital stay and increased antibiotic usage, costs, and mortality  .
  Participants were asked to make judgments about the probability of an air traffic conflict, a horizontal loss of separation of 5 nautical miles . All were paid and bonuses were awarded to top performers . A compass was displayed with the 40 nm circle.
Epithelial tubes enable the rapid distribution of liquids, gases, and circulating cells throughout the body. In larger tubes, multiple cells connected by junctions surround a common extracellular lumen . For example, vertebrate vascular endothelial cells form a lumen when cytoplasmic vesicles accumulate in a central region of the cell and fuse with one another, or fuse with an invading apical membrane domain .
Colonoscopy is the primary modality for prevention of colorectal cancer  per multisociety guidelines , and the cost effectiveness of CRC screening with colonoscopy is primarily dependent on high quality baseline examination and adherence to guideline recommendations for timing of repeat screening colonoscopy . When endoscopists report this and multiple other quality indicators, they receive a small bonus in Medicare payments. By 2014, failure to report will result in a reduction in Medicare payments.
Skin cancer is the most common cancer in the US . Targeting these molecular pathways has been demonstrated to hold promise for skin cancer prevention  . Overexpressing SIRT6 extends lifespans in male mice but not in female mice .
A recognized important component of the pathophysiology of hemorrhagic shock  is an increase in vascular permeability. This hyperpermeability is secondary to disruption of the microvascular endothelial cell barrier . Apoptosis is initiated either via the extrinsic “death ligand” pathway or the intrinsic “mitochondrial” pathway .
Temporal lobe epilepsy is the most common type of epilepsy in adults . In humans, basal dendrites normally extend into the hilus in 22 47% of granule cells . Granule cell basal dendrites are more frequent in schizophrenics , but that might be a side effect of treatment with neuroleptics, which stimulate granule cell neurogenesis .
Primary ovarian insufficiency , which is probably a more appropriate term for premature ovarian failure , is a disorder associated with female infertility affecting 1 2% of women under 40 years . The cause of the ovarian defect remains obscure in most of the patients with spontaneous POI but the genetic contribution is considered a significant aetiological component. BMP15 is an oocyte derived growth factor belonging to the Transforming Growth Factor beta  superfamily which is involved in follicular development as critical regulator of many granulosa cell processes .
With increasing participation in youth sports, there is an increasing desire for young athletes to achieve peak performance . Resistance training may be one of the most popular and effective forms of conditioning aimed at enhancing sports performance, and its use is widespread among high school, college, and professional athletes . However, resistance training in the young athlete has been controversial.
The respiratory system has evolved a potent ability of host defense against bacterial infection. Alveolar epithelial and immune cells, such as macrophages, are the critical components of innate immune system to recognize invading microbes and use inflammatory signals to concert an effective innate and adaptive immune response, , . Gram negative bacteria are commonly isolated from hospital acquired infection patients and can cause serious acute and chronic infections in susceptible individuals.
Recent reports suggest that up to 40% of patients who have a sagittal split ramus osteotomy  experience persistent  neurosensory alteration . Several authors have suggested that the anatomical position of the mandibular canal and surrounding bone quality before surgery may be related to the likelihood of nerve injury during an SSRO,. Others have suggested that the placement of osteotomy cuts and/or fixation placement may be important contributors to the possibility of nerve injury,.
As unintentional injuries continue to be the leading cause of hospitalization and death for toddlers between the ages of 1 and 4, the Centers for Disease Control in the United States has argued that child supervision is a key factor in reducing injuries and fatalities . Yet, according to injury prevention scholars, this key factor is not easily defined or measured . Then, her cell phone rang and she answered.
Malignant gliomas are the most common tumors in the central nervous system . Despite rapid improvements in imaging, surgery, adjuvant radiotherapy, and chemotherapy, the prognosis for patients with gliomas still remains dismal. Acquisition of malignant growth, insidious invasion, high neovascularization, and resistance to therapies by glioma cells involve multiple genetic alterations, such as epidermal growth factor receptor  overexpression, that activate various cellular signaling pathways .
Burn patients are at high risk for infection. Burn injury causes significant immune dysfunction, which might be attributable to burn induced apoptosis in immune organs., As the thymus degenerates with age in humans, the spleen plays a pivotal role in human immune defenses. This splenic dysfunction is recognized as an important factor in burn associated infections.
Tissue reperfusion following a period of ischemia triggers a complement dependent inflammatory reaction that culminates in necrotic and apoptotic cell death. established that following ischemia and reperfusion  of skeletal muscle, complement is activated by self reactive natural IgM antibodies  that bind to post ischemic tissue. Our recent studies have identified additional targets for self reactive natural Abs on post ischemic tissue, namely annexin IV and a subset of phospholipids that are expressed in the post ischemic intestine and brain , .
RNAs carry out a myriad of cellular functions, many of which require folding to specific structures. Thus, the sequences of these RNAs must encode functional structures that are stable enough to be populated at equilibrium and are kinetically accessible during folding. Because structured RNAs typically include base paired regions that form favorably even as isolated elements, globally unfolded conformations are generally not stable.
Cognitive dysfunction is a critical component of schizophrenia and a major predictor of impaired long term outcome . The present study utilizes event related potentials  and functional magnetic resonance imaging , along with behavior, to investigate mechanisms underlying perceptual closure impairments in schizophrenia . Perceptual closure refers to the ability of the brain to recognize an object even when presented with only fragmentary information.
B cell regulator of immunoglobulin heavy chain transcription  was the first eukaryotic member of the ARID  family of DNA binding proteins described  but its function in vivo has not been elucidated. While all contain a similar ARID sequence, only a few of the ARID3 subfamily members  bind specific DNA motifs, and gene targets have been identified for only a handful of those . Recently, we and other labs  have obtained data suggesting a role for Btk in transcription mediated processes including pathways that require Bright .
Since 1922, lifelong insulin replacement has been the mainstay of type 1 diabetes treatment. Efforts to generate surrogate insulin producing cells that could serve as a “permanent cure” of the disease have been underway for nearly two decades, and progress has been made toward the generation of pancreatic hormone producing cells from either embryonic stem or induced pluripotent stem cells . Although terminally differentiated β cells are only present in the pancreas, endocrine progenitors with similar features to pancreatic endocrine progenitors are also found in the intestine, the site of the body’s largest endocrine system.
Vaccinia virus  is a large DNA virus widely known for its use as a vaccine for the closely related variola virus, the causative agent of smallpox . Routine administration of this vaccine was stopped after smallpox was eradicated, however VV has been utilized for vaccination of selected high risk individuals such as some individuals serving in the military , and to study the disease mechanisms of smallpox. Inoculation typically results in a localized VV infection of keratinocytes at the inoculation site.
Nitrone spin traps are a class of synthetic chemicals specifically designed for trapping free radicals and making them more stable. Two commonly used nitrone spin traps are 5,5 dimethyl 1 pyrroline N oxide  and phenyl N tert butylnitrone . However, DMPO has been far less studied in this regard.
Since a predominant area of focus in the newly expanded antiretroviral therapy  era has been cardiovascular problems such as insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia, and fat redistribution, other emerging metabolic alterations have been, for the most part, neglected. For example, data indicate that ART carries the potential to alter calcium  metabolism  . Research shows that chronic heavy alcohol use can impair calcium absorption and affect calcium regulating hormones.
Pediatric low grade astrocytomas  encompass the most frequent primary brain tumors afflicting children. These alterations lead to increased downstream signaling pathways that have been found to be active in PLGA, particularly MAPK . Other PLGA subtypes have different alterations.
Acetaminophen  is one of the most widely used drugs to relieve mild to moderate pain and reduce fever . APAP is generally safe at therapeutic doses; however, an overdose of APAP may lead to severe liver damage . NAPQI depletes glutathione  and subsequently binds to liver proteins, leading to oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, and necrotic cell death  .
Juvenile idiopathic arthritis  is the most common rheumatic disease of childhood with an incidence of 2 to 20 per 100,000 children, and a prevalence of 16 to 150 per 100,000,. It is a chronic arthritis of unknown etiology with 7 subtypes  oligoarticular persistent, oligoarticular extended polyarticular rheumatoid factor  positive, polyarticular RF negative, systemic, psoriatic, enthesitis related, and undifferentiated JIA. Although JIA is the most commonly used classification scheme, other categorizations include juvenile rheumatoid arthritis  consisting of 3 subtypes  and juvenile chronic arthritis  with 4 subtypes  .
The main olfactory epithelium  of rodents comprises several cell types: ciliated olfactory sensory neurons  sending odorant information to the olfactory bulb, supporting cells that control the local ionic environment, and basal cells that proliferate to give rise to the different epithelial cells . Furthermore, multiple microvillous cells whose function is not well understood have been observed in the MOE of rodents and humans: 1) Microvillous OSNs with an axon projecting to the olfactory bulb  displaying a morphology similar to that of the microvillous sensory neurons of the vomeronasal organ  express the transient receptor channel C2  . 2) Microvillous cells that are not OSNs and lack a basal process/axon .
There is a resurgence of interest in the area of cancer metabolism, including understanding deregulated metabolic pathways, which confer growth advantages to tumors . One metabolic adaptation to energy metabolism in cancer is known as the Warburg Effect , where glycolysis readily occurs even in the presence of oxygen; this classical hallmark of cancer has been associated with the activity and expression of the key enzyme lactate dehydrogenase , where increased enzyme activity has been associated with more aggressive disease . There is a need, therefore, for robust assays of enzyme kinetics, historically carried out by spectrophotometric analysis ; however, the spectrophotometric assays cannot be performed on whole, viable cells and are consequently an indirect method of evaluating response to targeted therapies .
Entering its third decade, the HIV/AIDS epidemic continues to pose a major public health problem. As the number of persons who are infected with HIV continues to increase in Puerto Rico, the subjects of stigma and discrimination become important social issues that need to be addressed. Stigma may be defined as a social process or related personal experience characterized by exclusion, rejection, blame or devaluation that result from either the experience or the reasonable anticipation of an adverse social judgment about a person or group .
1,3 Butadiene  is a petrochemical used in production of synthetic rubber and plastics. BD, which is also present in motor vehicle exhaust emissions  and cigarette smoke  , has been classified by the National Toxicology Program as “known to be a human carcinogen” . Lymphocytic and myelogenous leukemias and non Hodgkin's lymphomas have been associated with human occupational exposure .
Primates have a large representation of the oral cavity, especially of the teeth and tongue, in the primary somatosensory cortex . Much like the hand, representations of different parts of the oral cavity and face have been found in multiple areas of somatosensory and motor cortex. Microelectrode mapping studies have shown, at least in part, orderly arrangements of the responses to stimulation of the oral cavity and face in somatosensory areas including 3b, 3a, 1, 2, the second somatosensory area , and parietal ventral area  in Old World macaques  and New World monkeys .
It was previously believed that corneal allograft rejection was solely mediated by CD4+ Th1 immune responses. In the classical T helper cell paradigm, type 2 T helper cells  secrete IL 4, IL 5 and IL 13, as well as other cytokines, which cross regulate Th1 cytokines, thereby suppressing clonal expansion of Th1 cells . Thus, it has been proposed that tilting the alloimmune response toward a Th2 pathway favors corneal allograft survival .
Natural killer  cells can kill cancer cells in the absence of prior stimulation and hold considerable potential for cell based therapies targeting human malignancies . This notion is corroborated by the observation that, among patients with leukemia undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, the antileukemic effect of the transplant was significantly greater when the donor NK cells exhibited a killer inhibitory receptor  profile that predicted a higher cytotoxicity against the leukemic cells of the recipient . Moreover, allogeneic NK cells might be beneficial when directly infused into patients, a procedure that was shown to induce clinical remission in patients with high risk acute myeloid leukemia  .
Invasive weeds that colonize agricultural fields cost millions of dollars in crop losses and weed control measures every year. For example, rapid growth, deep roots, high seed production and increased seed dispersal allow weeds to acquire more resources, as well as to produce more offspring . Efficient seed dispersal, in particular, may be a trait crucial to weed fitness.
Gigantism, a rare condition that causes abnormal growth in children, often has a genetic etiology. Indeed, cases running in a family were first reported in the late 19th century . Growth hormone  secreting pituitary adenomas and/or hyperplasia are the main causes of gigantism in childhood.
An important aspect in the fabrication of microscale systems is the ability to control wetting and surface tension of fluids by defining regions of hydrophilicity. Plasma treatment is widely used for creating hydrophilic surfaces and patterns, and for chemically functionalizing the surface. It involves exposing surfaces to reactive ionized atoms that are then incorporated into the surfaces as various chemical species.
Metanephric adenoma  is a benign, often asymptomatic and incidentally identified renal tumor comprised of primitive metanephric tubular cells . Patients commonly present in the fifth to sixth decade of life, and there is a slight female preponderance . Grossly, MA is usually a solid, solitary, unilateral mass that lacks a true fibrous capsule.
The family of mammalian toll like receptors  includes at least 10 members that sense the presence of pathogenic microorganisms and injury induced endogenous ligands . Activation of TLRs mediates innate immune responses through nuclear factor κB  and interferon regulatory factor  dependent pathways . IRF 5 is mainly activated following TLR2 activation while other IRFs such as IRF3 are more specific for TLR3 and TLR4 activation .
Proline rich tyrosine kinase 2  is a focal adhesion kinase  related protein, also known as calcium dependent tyrosine kinase , cellular adhesion kinase β, related adhesion focal tyrosine kinase , or FAK2 . Nevertheless, Pyk2 can functionally replace FAK in biological processes where FAK is limited. In addition, Pyk2 and Src family PTKs  combine to promote fibronectin  stimulated signaling events that promote activation of extracellular signal regulated kinase 2  in the absence of FAK, and Pyk2 tyrosine phosphorylation is enhanced by fibronectin  stimulation of FAK cells, but not in FAK+ cells .
C. albicans, in healthy people, resides as a commensal microorganism. However, in immunocompromized patients it becomes an opportunistic fungal pathogen, capable of causing mucosal, cutaneous, and systemic infections including oropharyngeal candidiasis . OPC remains a significant cause of morbidity despite the use of effective antiretroviral therapy  .
The functional imaging technique Intrinsic Signal Optical Imaging ; ; ; for a recent review see ) using red illumination is commonly employed for mapping cortical activity and plays an important role in furthering our understanding of brain function and organization. The detected ISOI signal evoked by a brief stimulus is slow in onset , long in duration , and, at least in the rat , is comprised of three signal phases consisting of a dip in signal below baseline followed by an overshoot in signal above baseline and another dip below baseline . Capture of the entire signal is not necessary; rather, the ISOI initial dip is better suited and preferentially exploited for successful ISOI mapping of brain function.
Young adulthood is characterized by important life transitions, often including migration from one’s parents’ home and sexual debut. Although some observers have noted that migration away from one’s home could influence sexual debut, such pathways have seldom been investigated using methodological tools that can reduce the influence of important confounders . Early age at first sex has important negative consequences, including school dropout , increased risk of unwanted pregnancy , and sexually transmitted infections .
The process of tumorigenesis, previously thought to stem primarily from genetic changes within transformed cells, is now known to also depend on extracellular signals from non cancerous cells present in the tumor microenvironment  . Among the normal cells that contribute to the TME are bone marrow derived myeloid cells whose function and contribution to neoplastic growth has been best understood . Within the bone marrow microenvironment, BMMSC and osteoblasts provide a supportive niche for homing of hematopoietic stem cells  and tumor cells which promotes quiescence and survival .
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is a neurodegenerative disorder that primarily affects lower motor neurons resulting in progressive muscle atrophy that eventually leads to respiratory failure and death within 15 years . About 20% of these inherited cases are caused by missense mutations in the Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase gene resulting in an adverse gain of function of the SOD1 protein . Epidemiological and experimental findings suggest that individuals with high levels of energy expenditure and/or low levels of energy intake may be at increased risk for ALS .
Collagen type I from skin and tendon is highly conserved teleologically, and has optimal compatibility as a biomaterial. For these reasons, collagen has served as the fundamental component in a wide variety of engineered tissues, including skin, bone, blood vessels, tracheae, and nerve   . Pore size can be optimized for cellular attachment, migration and proliferation by several different methods including, but not limited to, lyophilization, electrospinning or solvent casting ,  .
High rates of injury incidence related to sports and recreation in children aged 1014 years  identify adolescence as a potential period of childhood development in which children may be at an amplified risk for such injuries. Regular participation in physical activity improves strength, prevents obesity and increases self esteem. In order to minimise healthcare costs and optimally assist children in becoming healthy, active adults, efforts must be made to identify factors that increase sports  and recreation related injury susceptibility during adolescence and to devise and implement prevention programmes to target modifiable risk factors .
Magnetic resonance angiography  is a useful tool in the diagnosis of vascular diseases and the monitoring of their treatment. Contrast enhanced MRA is fast, but it requires the injection of potentially harmful contrast agents . On the other hand, flow independent angiography  exploits the inherent MR properties  of the tissues .
Tumor necrosis factor  related apoptosis inducing ligand , a potent death ligand that preferentially induces apoptosis in transformed cells, is under evaluation as an anti cancer agent in humans, . TRAIL initiates apoptosis signaling cascades by ligating two death receptors, death receptor 4   and death receptor 5   . Differences in signaling between the two receptors have not been identified to date, although DR4 selectively mediates apoptosis in chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells while DR5 appears to mediate TRAIL cytotoxicity in epithelial derived malignancies .
Natural killer  cells defined by CD56 expression and the absence of CD3 comprise 1015% of peripheral blood lymphocytes. They also reside in spleen, bone marrow, lymph nodes, liver, intestine and the pregnant uterus. In order to protect healthy tissues, NK cells are under a constant inhibition delivered by engagement of inhibitory receptors, which recognize ‘self’ class 1 human leukocyte antigens  .
Scientific interest in one carbon metabolism  and cancer risk is increasing. OCM denotes a metabolic system made up of interdependent pathways that involve the transfer of one carbon units for numerous biosynthetic reactions relevant to DNA synthesis, repair, and methylation . The primary component of the system is folate, and the transfer reactions involve conversions between several of its forms.
In nuclear medicine imaging it is essential to find a balance between diagnostic quality of the images, which can, in principle, be improved by longer acquisition times, with the need to reduce acquisition time or injected activity. In the process, we provide some theoretical and experimental results that shed light on the important issues that determine the tradeoff for other applications . Human and mathematical observer studies and ROC analysis are powerful tools for optimizing and evaluating image quality for a variety of applications .
Catheter ablation is finding increasing use in modern medicine. Current ablation strategies include thermal ablation , ethanol injection and photodynamic therapy. Characteristic of all approaches is the indiscriminant destruction of both cells and extra cellular structures within the ablated volume.
The theoretical foundations of speech comprehension and production modeling date back to the nineteenth century when it was observed that language disorders resulted from lesions to particular cortical regions . These observations led to the first modeling frameworks that linked independent brain regions with speech comprehension and production . Since that time, pioneering human electrical stimulation studies mapping cortical representations of the speech articulators  and investigations on patients with stroke related lesions  have elaborated initial theories, providing greater detail into the functional segregation of brain regions involved in speech production and perception.
It has been shown that the traditional biomedical approach is insufficient for understanding chronic pain. , Global distress measures do not permit a precise investigation of this distinction. Moreover, behavioral assessments not based on self report can provide an objective measure to differentiate the two clusters.
Malignant rhabdoid tumor  is a rare and extremely aggressive childhood cancer. MRT was initially described as an unfavorable histologic type of pediatric renal tumor, a variant of Wilms’ tumor . Despite significant advances in the treatment and outcome of other pediatric tumors, for MRTs diagnosed before the age of 6 months, patient survival at 4 years drops to approximately 8.8% .
Corynebacterium jeikeium is a clinically important opportunisticpathogen capable of causing a wide range of disorders including endocarditis, septicemia,joint infection, pneumonia, osteomyelitis, meningitis, and soft tissue infection , particularly inimmunocompromised patients or those with indwelling medical devices. It is recognized as themost frequently recovered medically significant Corynebacterium speciesamong patients in intensive care facilities, with the capacity for nosocomial dissemination . Previous work  hassought to investigate the range of genomic, physiological, and phenotypic differencesdisplayed by this organism.
Aging issues in cancer are becoming more prominent as age projections suggest the number of geriatric cancer patients will increase in the next 20 to 30 years. Currently, the elderly comprise 61% of cancer survivors, while 60% of new cancer diagnoses and 70% of cancer deaths occur in people over the age of 65. Physically healthy older individuals experience significant levels of depression .
Prostate cancer  is the most common cancer in elderly men with one out of six men afflicted with this malignancy in the United States . The initial line of treatment for PCA involves limiting systemic testosterone levels which is effective initially; however, the malignancy resurfaces as an androgen independent/hormone refractory stage of PCA . In spite of improvements in diagnostic and treatment strategies for PCA, prognosis remains poor at advanced stages  suggesting that newer strategies are still required to control PCA.
Smoking blends containing high efficacy synthetic cannabinoids  have recently emerged as popular substitutes for cannabis. Commercial preparations of these products are readily available, heavily marketed toward young people, perceived as safe, and not easily detected in drug screens . Like Δ9 tetrahydrocannabinol , the primary psychoactive constituent of marijuana, the synthetic compounds in these smoking products are presumed to elicit their psychoactive effects by activating CB1 cannabinoid receptors  in the CNS, although many of these compounds possess much higher efficacy than Δ9 THC .
The bipotent population of cells that give rise to both cortical  aswell as medullary epithelial  cells that participate in the maintenance ofself tolerance within the organism  has received much attention in recent years. By embryonic day twelve, E12, the structural morphology ofthe thymus becomes visible, with the initial separation of the cortex and themedulla . The cells that comprise the cortex orthe medulla can be distinguished by their cytoplasmic keratin profiles .
Injuries from trauma continue to be the leading cause of death for persons less than 45 years of age in the U.S. . Despite recent advances in trauma and critical care, as well as an improved understanding of the basic pathophysiology of severe trauma and its sequelae, morbidity and mortality, especially later following trauma, remain high . Although it is generally accepted that murine models do not fully recapitulate the human condition in its entirety, they remain the mainstay for invasive and interventional studies in trauma and burns .
Methamphetamine  is one of the most commonly abused drugs in the U.S. Approximately 10.4 million Americans 12 years of age or older have used MA for non medical reasons at least once in their lifetimes . MA is a functional dopamine agonist  and its effects may last for hours, adding to its potent addictive qualities.
Compromised energy metabolism in brain cells is believed to play a pivotal role in the dysfunction and degeneration of neurons that occurs in disorders such as stroke and Alzheimer's disease . As a major excitatory neurotransmitter, glutamate and glutamate receptors are essential for the normal function of nervous system. However, during pathological conditions with impaired energy metabolism such as cerebral ischemia, membrane depolarization results in excessive release of glutamate from the synaptic vesicles of injured neurons.
A link between the ABO blood group system and malaria susceptibility has long been suspected. Significant associations between blood group and P. falciparum malaria have been reported from cross sectional and case control studies in Brazil, Gabon, India, Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe  ). However other studies in Colombia, India, Sudan and Nigeria could not find an association between malaria and blood group .
Previous implementation of 3D Single Breath hold Chemical Shift Imaging  in humans has already been demonstrated for evaluating hyperpolarized xenon 129  distribution in multiple lung compartments in healthy subjects and in subjects with cystic fibrosis . Here, we report the application of this technique for assessing, in a regional manner, pulmonary ventilation and gas uptake exchange in lung tissue and in the red blood cells  in smokers and second hand smokers . Eight subjects enrolled in this study underwent 3D SB CSI, .
The lifetime risk of colorectal cancer  in Western populations is about 5 6%, with annual incidence rates of 48 50 per 100,000 population. Screening colonoscopy holds great promise for primary prevention of CRC by enabling direct visualization and removal of precancerous polyps. One academic medical center reported zero CRC incidence among persons without adenomas at initial colonoscopy over 5.34 years of mean follow up.
Plants produce thousands of phenolic compounds, which play roles in plant development and interactions with microbes . Among these are hydroxycinnamic acids , which are monocyclic phenylpropanoid molecules. Roots exude HCAs and related phenolics to chelate metals, thereby facilitating uptake and transport of metals in the xylem sap .
Adoptive transfer of human hematopoietic stem cells  into immunodeficient mice that lack T cells, B cells and natural killer  cells can lead to stable engraftment of human HSCs . Differentiation of the transferred HSCs gives rise to different lineages of human blood cells in the recipient mice, which are often referred to as humanized mice. In humanized mice, human B cells and T cells are the most abundantly reconstituted cell types among all blood lineage cells.
Autism spectrum disorder  is a heterogeneous disorder with significant genotypic and phenotypic complexity . The genetic etiology of ASD is no less varied. Over 100 genes and genomic regions have been associated with ASD , and over 800 genes have been suggested to play a role in ASD .
Antigen presenting cells  play a central role in the induction of T cell activation as well as T cell tolerance. IL 10, a cytokine with immunosuppressive properties, has been shown to be critical in the generation of APCs with tolerogenic properties and in the prevention of self tissue damage. Important transcriptional regulators of IL 10 include STAT3, Sp1, AP 1, NFκB, C/EBPβ, and GATA3.
Colorectal cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer related deathin the United States  when men and women are considered together . The estimated fraction of CRC attributed toinherited predisposition ranges between 1030% . In March 2012, Ambry Genetics Corporation  was thefirst clinical laboratory to offer hereditary cancer panel based testing in theUnited States ; subsequently, other laboratories have started offering cancerpanels.
Phenotype driven screens of mutagenized populations of cells underlie much of the advances made in modern genetic research in the last century . Such endeavors, however, were limited mostly to lower organisms. Although regional or genome wide mutagenesis and phenotypic screens have been carried out in mice by several large laboratories, the operational burden in cost and time was extremely high.
Normal heart rhythms originate in the sinoatrial node. HCN encoded funny current  and the Kir2 encoded inward rectifier  counteract each other by respectively oscillating and stabilizing the negative resting membrane potential, controlling action potential firing. Therefore, IK1 suppression and If overexpression have been independently exploited to convert cardiomyocytes  into AP firing bioartificial pacemakers.
The thymus provides a unique inductive microenvironment for the maturation of bone marrow derived precursor cells into the immunocompetent T lymphocytes. The molecular mechanisms exerted by thymic nonlymphoid cells, which govern the process of thymocyte maturation, have been studied in greater detail and largely elucidated in recent time . Additionally, it has been shown that the interactions between nonlymphoid cells of the thymic warp and maturing thymocytes are bidirectional: the latter cells control the maturation of respective nonlymphoid cells and induce the formation of microenvironmental niches for their own development .
Earlier, we reported syntheses of ethyl β D galactopyranosyl  2′ deoxy 2′ fluoro β D glucopyranoside  and 1′ fluoroethyl β D lactose  for positron emission tomography  of pancreatic carcinoma. Et FDL requires a precursor, which involves 11 steps to synthesize and produces overall low yields. Synthesis of precursors for  FEL requires four steps, but those precursors produced low radiochemical yields.
Lateral interactions mediated by local interneurons  are ubiquitous in neural networks. In insects, olfactory receptor neurons  on the antennae detect specific suites of odors and send this information to the primary olfactory neuropil in the insect brain, the antennal lobe . In the AL, ORN axonal terminals innervate spheroidal neuropil called glomeruli.
Breast cancer is the most prevalent cancer diagnosis in women. It is a significant cause of mortality and morbidity in the United States, with an estimated 182,460 new cases of invasive breast cancer and 40,480 new deaths in the year 2008  . Steady improvements in the survival rates of patients with breast cancer have been observed in recent years.
Lung cancer is the world’s leading cause of cancer death, and non small cell lung cancer  accounts for 8085% of lung cancer cases. Cisplatin  or carboplatin based combinations are generally used in metastatic NSCLC, and yield median survival times  of 810 months. The Wingless type protein  signaling pathway helps maintain cancer stem cells, and signals through the major  Wnt pathway via β catenin and through various secondary  pathways., This ultimately leads to expression of cyclin D1,, c Myc, and other target genes .
Defects in formation of the human brain are common, devastating birth defects. Neural tube closure defects and microcephaly both occur at frequencies of approximately one in 1000 live births . Both genetic and environmental factors contribute to these conditions.
Excess of glucocorticoids , either endogenous as in aging or due to glucocorticoid administration as immunosuppressants, leads to loss of bone . Approximately 25% of patients also develop osteonecrosis due to accumulation of apoptotic osteocytes, which increases the risk of femoral head collapse . Thus, understanding the mechanisms of GC action on bone cells and designing therapeutic strategies that prevent the deleterious effects of these drugs is imperative .
Ricin is a heterodimeric toxin which inactivates ribosomes. It consists of two disulfide linked subunits, an A chain  and a B chain , each with a molecular weight of 3032 kDa. Inexpensively manufactured small molecule inhibitors of ricin have also been studied and are promising when tested in vitro.
Organogenesis integrates signaling, proliferation, patterning and structural processes to generate the variety of forms and functions essential to viability. This tubular outgrowth of the larval tracheal system is induced during the third instar  period by Bnl/FGF expressed in the wing imaginal disc. Within sixteen hours of its induction, the ASP grows from a simple epithelial bud to a sac with many cells and with a distinct stalk and tip.
Military service can have positive as well as negative consequences  and both short term and long term effects. The psychosocial stress experienced by veterans with a history of active combat has both psychological and physical components. Approximately 65% of American men over the age of 55 served in World War II or the Korean conflict and about 25% of older American men were exposed to combat early in their lives.
Parkinson’s disease  is one of the most common neurodegenerative diseases in the world, affecting nearly 1.8% of people above 65 years of age in Europe . The major clinical symptoms of this disease are rigidity, bradykinesia, tremor, and postural instability caused by selective degeneration of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra in the midbrain with proteinaceous Lewy body inclusions in surviving cells. Although PD is a sporadic disease in most cases, various hereditary forms have similar clinical phenotypes to those of sporadic PD.
Mounting evidence has shown that a significant proportion of pelvic high grade serous carcinomas  arise from a non invasive occult carcinoma in the distal fallopian tube, designated “serous tubal intraepithelial carcinoma ”. STICs have been identified in 1015% of prophylactic salpingo oophorectomy specimens from women with germline BRCA mutations, , and in the tubal fimbriae from up to 60% of women with sporadic ovarian HGSC. Complete microscopic sectioning of fallopian tubes has also revealed focal proliferations of morphologically normal secretory cells that show diffuse p53 immunoreactivity, termed “p53 signatures,” which may represent early clonal expansions of tumour initiating cells .
In 20092010, 17% of United States  children ages 219 years were obese, with greater odds of obesity among black and Hispanic children. The percentage of US children ages 017 years with at least one parent born outside the US grew from 15% in 1994 to 23% in 2011. Though little is known about the influence of having a non US born parent on obesity related behaviors in childhood,  designing appropriate interventions for these children will be key to addressing racial/ethnic disparities.
The hepatitis C virus  is an important human pathogen, infecting an estimated 120 180 million individuals worldwide. Although HCV is recognized and targeted by innate, cellular, and humoral immune mechanisms, persistent infection is common. The major site of HCV replication is the liver.
Each year, nearly 400,000 Americans ages 65 and older are hospitalized for pneumonia .Pneumonia is the third most common cause of hospitalization among Americans 6584 years old, and the second most common among those over age 85 . Nearly 11% of older adults hospitalized for pneumonia die within 30 days of hospitalization , and approximately half die within one year . Beyond increased mortality, hospitalization for pneumonia may raise the risk of subsequent cognitive and functional decline .
Scaffold design is important in tissue engineering due to its role in supporting cell attachment and growth, assisting exchanges of nutrients/oxygen and metabolite wastes, and eventually facilitating the formation of a functional tissue/organ. Many parameters need to be considered for scaffold design: pore size, porosity, interconnectivity, surface properties, and mechanical properties, among others . Many research groups have demonstrated that incorporation of HAp nanoparticles and Ap coating could enhance preosteoblast differentiation and mineral secretion.
A small for gestational age  neonate is usually defined as one whose birth weight is below the 10th percentile for gestational age. An SGA newborn may be constitutionally small or the consequence of several mechanisms of disease, such as uteroplacental insufficiency, chromosomal abnormalities, congenital infection, genetic syndromes, etc. Therefore, SGA is considered one of the “great obstetrical syndromes” because it has multiple etiologies, a long preclinical phase and the other criteria that define these syndromes.
The utility of thoracic radiotherapy is limited by the radiosensitivity of normal lung parenchyma . If a large volume of lung has been affected, this phase can be life threatening . In late radiation induced lung injury, occurring months to years after irradiation, the number of inflammatory cells decreases and deposition of collagenous occurs, resulting in irreversible lung fibrosis.
Elements of cellular immunity interact with malignant tissue, and can control circulating cancer cells and residual disease even if ineffective against the primary tumor. Molecular mechanisms of tumor recognition by NK cells have been recently revealed, and a role for NK cells in controlling leukemia and metastases in humans has received substantial support  . Included among such NK resistant tumors in the inbred Fischer 344  rat, is the MADB106 tumor line, a non immunogenic syngeneic mammary adenocarcinoma.
The use of macromolecular carriers for the delivery of chemotherapeutics originated from the hypothesis that polymers may be used to improve both the solubility and the blood circulation time of small molecule drugs . Thus, macromolecular carriers can provide both enhanced pharmacokinetics and a passive targeting mechanism, characteristics that may be used to increase the efficacy of small molecule drugs. Important design features  include a long blood circulation time, high tumor accumulation, high drug loading, low toxicity, low polydispersity index and simple preparation.
Many cardiovascular disorders including ischemic heart disease and heart failure are associated with extensive fibrosis. A critical event in the development of cardiac fibrosis is the transformation of fibroblasts into an active fibroblast phenotype or myofibroblast. Myofibroblasts, which are not present in healthy cardiac tissue with the exception of the valve leaflets, express vimentin, αsmooth muscle actin , collagen types I, III, IV and VIII, and have morphological and biochemical characteristics in between those of fibroblasts and smooth muscle cells.
I feel so embarrassed by thisthis thing… Who would want a wife like this? Once I do, who would want to develop a friendship, I mean a close one? I am concerned that some people will label me as a ‘poor bet’ for the future, particularly in the work place.
Phosphodiesterase 6  enzyme complex consists of catalytic PDE6α and PDE6β as well as regulatory PDE6γ subunits. In dark adapted retinas, PDE6γ binds to PDE6αβ and inhibits its activity. Eventually, the guanylate cyclase activating proteins GCAP1 and GCAP2 stimulate guanylate cyclases to form more cGMP, thus counteracting the reduction in cGMP caused by PDE6 .
Narcolepsy is now considered to be a neurodegenerative sleep disorder linked to the loss of neurons containing the neuropeptide orexin, also named hypocretin  . However, canine narcolepsy results from a mutation of the hypocretin 2 receptor  without any discernible loss of the HCRT neurons. Cataplexy, which is defined as a sudden loss of antigravity muscles during waking, is an important diagnostic symptom of the disease.
Pain is an international health problem, affecting approximately 1 in every 5 individuals . Secondary health complications, including opioid abuse and dependence, afflict 2.1 million people . In addition, non steroidal anti inflammatory pain medications  are used by over 30 million people each day in the United States for analgesia .
Enlargement of the left atrium  is an independent predictor of adverse cardiovascular outcomes,  and its prognostic value in a variety of cardiovascular diseases such as atrial fibrillation, myocardial infarction, dilated and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is well documented. Antero posterior  diameter of the LA, assessed by two dimensional echocardiography, is the most widely used measure of LA size in epidemiological studies and in the clinical practice. However, the A P diameter is inaccurate, as it relies on several geometrical assumptions and often results in an underestimation of the LA size when compared to LA volumes.
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a systemic autoimmune disease, and one of its key pathological features is the destruction of joint tissues, including cartilage, by inflamed synovial pannus leading to a loss of joint function. Invading synovial pannus tissue produces proteinases that degrade components of the joint extracellular matrix  . As aggrecan maintains water in the cartilage, it is an important ECM component endowing cartilage with compressive resistance properties.
The glucose 6 phosphatase catalytic subunit  is predominantly expressed in liver and kidney and plays a major role in glucose homeostasis by catalyzing the final step in the glycogenolytic and gluconeogenic pathways, namely the hydrolysis of glucose 6 phosphate to glucose and inorganic phosphate . UGRP confers low glucose 6 phosphatase activity to a broad range of tissues  whereas the function of IGRP is less certain. This observation suggests that IGRP together with glucokinase could create a substrate cycle and therefore modulate β cell glycolytic flux and glucose stimulated insulin secretion .
Mycobacterium tuberculosis  infection is a major world public health problem; over 2.0 million people die every year from this common infection. One third of the world’s population is thought to have latent tuberculosis  , a condition where individuals are infected by the intracellular bacteria without exhibiting the active disease but are at risk for reactivation, if their immune system fails. As well, IFNγ can induce autophagy, a mechanism that plays an important role in the innate immunity against intracellular microorganisms ; MHC type II restricted CD4+T cells, MHC class I CD8+T cells and macrophages are important in the protective immunity against Mtb where a decrease of the number or function of these cells results in the reactivation of the infection .
Neuromuscular control is believed to be fundamental to minimizing undue stresses and strains to tissues that stabilize the knee . Functional activities, which include climbing stairs, stepping off curbs, standing from sitting, descending stairs, and squatting to pick an item up from the floor, are everyday tasks that, if programmed incorrectly via the CNS, may contribute to injury with age. A natural consequence of aging is a loss of muscle mass and strength .
classic treatise on autism was titled “Autistic Disturbances of Affective Content.” A child with autism may remain affectively flat even when enthusiastically greeted by his parent; however, the same child may become visibly excited at the sight of swirling water. In contrast, the recent emergence of the field of social cognitive and affective neuroscience has suggested that deficits in affect regulation may characterize virtually all other DSM IV Axis I and II disorders . Outside of autism research, much is known about affective phenotypes, the neural circuitry involved in basic affective processes, the genetics of affective disorders, and both medical and psychological treatments that can be used to target affective disorders .
The development of multicellular organisms occurs in four dimensions: the three axes of space and a fourth axis of time. Spatial pattern formation in development, such as morphogenesis and organogenesis, is regulated with precise timing during development. Each larval stage is characterized by invariant, stage specific patterns of cell fate decisions and stage specific cuticle formation.
Hypertension affects 65 million adults in the US, 29% of Americans age ≥18 years, and is a major contributor to cardiovascular disease. Despite availability of effective therapies for >50 years, fewer than half of Americans with hypertension had controlled blood pressure In 20012002. Many hypertension control quality improvement strategies exist, but to date, no successful, large scale program sustained over a long period of time has been described.
Despite remarkable advances in the treatment of coronary disease, nearly 1/3 of patients who survive a myocardial infarction develop heart failure within 5 years. This burden of disease has driven investigation of progenitor cell therapy for the heart, including clinical trials of bone marrow derived cells. More recently, the discovery of resident cardiac stem cells, which possess a pre determined cardiac fate and can generate new heart tissue, has spurned interest in their clinical application.
Dynamic Contrast Enhanced  MRI has been proposed as an in vivo cancer imaging tool for diagnosis, monitoring of treatment effect, and evaluation of anti cancer drugs, especially for vascular directed therapies . Recently, reference tissue approaches for AIF estimation have gained increasing attention. The traditional single reference tissue method typically uses a normal tissue such as muscle as the reference tissue, and assumes its kinetic parameters have low variability so that literature values can be used .
Chronic progressive kidney disease  risk is strongly predicted by CKD occurrence in family members. Among incident dialysis patients, 23% have a relative with ESRD . Essential hypertension  is a major correlate of CKD, but does not predict renal disease risk as well as the occurrence of an affected relative.
During the development of the mammalian cerebral cortex, neural progenitor cells located in the ventricular zone  generate the majority of projection neurons via consecutive rounds of expansion and differentiation , but the mechanisms by which progenitor self renewal and differentiation are regulated during cortical development are not well understood . In a previous study we found that ephrin B1 plays a critical role in maintaining the neural progenitor state during cerebral cortical development . Ephrin B is thought to elicit reverse signaling as an anchored membrane protein through interaction with cytosolic proteins, such as PDZ RGS3.
Profilin 1 , ubiquitously expressed in all cell types, was initially identified as an actin monomer  sequestering protein . Later studies revealed that Pfn1 enhances ADP to ATP exchange on G actin, and is actually capable of facilitating actin polymerization by acting as a shuttle to deliver ATP bound G actin to the barbed ends of actin filaments . Recently, Pfn1's role in cancer has been queried because 1) its expression is down regulated in several different types of adenocarcinoma   and 2) xenograft studies have shown that Pfn1 overexpression completely suppresses tumorigenicity of breast cancer cells in both ectopic and orthotopic model systems .
Candida albicans is the most common fungal pathogen of humans. At the most serious level mortality rates from systemic candidiasis are high. This concept, together with the knowledge that C. albicans inhabits a diverse number of host niches, was the driving force behind subsequent studies that investigated SAP gene expression in several model systems  to ascertain which proteinases or their corresponding genes were expressed during the infective process  .
Stroke is the fourth leading cause of death and the leading cause of disability in the United States . Despite tremendous progress in understanding the pathophysiology of ischemic stroke, translation of this knowledge into effective therapies has largely failed. Systemic thrombolysis with recombinant intravenous tissue plasminogen activator  remains the only treatment proven to improve clinical outcome of patients with acute ischemic stroke .
Regulatory T  cells are a population of CD4+ T cells with natural suppressive capabilities, which are critical for maintaining peripheral tolerance . Treg cells can be defined by their specific expression of the forkhead family transcription factor, FoxP3, which is necessary for their differentiation and function . Treg cells can be categorized depending upon the location of their origin .
Cardiovascular disease  is the leading cause of premature death in the U.S., both in aggregate and subpopulations of whites, blacks and Latinos. Since 1950, mortality from cardiovascular disease has fallen steadily, but the rate of decline has been greater in whites than in blacks. , Trends in cardiovascular mortality for Latinos have yet to be thoroughly assessed.
Lifetime prevalence of rape is 18% among US adult women, with annual prevalence between 0.3  and 1.1% . Few rape survivors seek immediate medical attention, even with serious injury . Delayed presentation may result in loss of forensic evidence and postpones treatment for sexually transmitted infections, postexposure prophylaxis for HIV, and emergency contraception, which are maximally effective if given early after assault .
Mucormycoses are rare life threatening fungal infections caused by fungi of the order Mucorales . These infections usually afflict patients with immunosuppressed systems due to neutropenia, hematologic malignancies, corticosteroid treatment, diabetes or trauma . Owing to the rising prevalence of diabetes, cancer and transplantation in aging populations in the developed world, the number of mucormycosis infections are rising  .
Childhood cancer survivors are at increased late mortality risk because of the late effects of their cancer and treatment; survivors’ life expectancy is reduced by as much as 28% . Mortality risk has been modified by era of treatment , type of treatment , diagnosis , and demographic characteristics . Although risk of mortality from recurrence or progression of primary disease decreases with length of follow up, survivors demonstrate excess late mortality including a 15 fold increased risk of death attributable to subsequent neoplasms, 7 fold increase in risk of cardiac deaths, and 9 fold increase in risk of pulmonary deaths .
Prostate cancer is the most common form of non skin cancer diagnosed in men in the United States. Over 186,320 new cases will be diagnosed in 2008 . Androgen deprivation therapy  used to be reserved for those with metastatic disease and resulted in a median survival of 2 5 years .
The robust stimulant qualities of coffee have been enriching human vitality since its incarnation, however only recently have specific health benefits of this brew been reported in the scientific literature. Coffee is now considered as a medically beneficial beverage given inverse associations with metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and weight gain, despite previous reports. revealed a strong inverse dose dependent relationship between coffee consumption and total and cause specific mortality.
Empirical studies and modeling exercises of HIV testing and treatment have demonstrated the effectiveness of universal HIV testing and early treatment in preventing sexual transmission of HIV, lowering community viral load, and consequently reducing HIV incidence among high risk populations such as men who have sex with men  and general populations in both concentrated and generalized epidemic settings . However, in many countries and especially among stigmatized populations, unique individual, social, cultural, and structural barriers to HIV testing and access to care and treatment pose significant challenges to this cascade . MSM in China are becoming the group most highly affected by HIV/AIDS .
Macrophages and T lymphocytes play critical roles in the initiation and development of atherosclerosis. In addition to macrophages, CD4+ lymphocytes are detected in early atherogenesis and late stage unstable atherosclerotic lesions, consistent with a role for acquired immunity in lesion development. The G protein coupled receptor G2A is a stress inducible receptor.
The ability of cytotoxic T lymphocytes to recognize and eradicate diseased cells relies on the surface presentation of small peptide fragments bound onto specialized receptors of the class I Major Histocompatibility Complex  . Peptides generated by the proteasome and translocated into the ER by the Transporter Associated with Antigen Processing  often carry N terminal extensions compared to the mature epitopes . ERAP1 has also been demonstrated to play important roles in the cross presentation pathway .
CD4+ T lymphocytes constitute a principal component of the adaptive immune system that functions together with innate immune cells to afford host protection against infection and tissue damage . Regulated IL 17 production by CD4+ T cells aids in the clearance of extracellular pathogens and fungi in part due its role in recruiting and activating neutrophils. Uncontrolled Th17 responses, however, can lead to pathological tissue damage and have been implicated in numerous infectious, autoimmune, and inflammatory diseases in mice and humans  .
Voltage gated sodium channels are responsible for the initiation phase of action potentials in neurons. Although the isoforms are very similar in sequence, they differ in their electrophysiological properties and intracellular localization. Nav1.2 is found in unmyelinated axons of neurons in tissues and dissociated cultures.
Medium spiny projection neurons  in the nucleus accumbens  undergo lasting molecular and cellular adaptations following repeated cocaine administration that likely contribute to behavioral changes associated with addiction . Enhanced behavioral sensitivity of NAc AMPA receptors  is observed 3 weeks after cessation of repeated psychostimulant treatments, which is important in mediating cocaine seeking . Subsequent studies suggest these behavioral changes result from withdrawal induced increases in surface expression of AMPAR subunits in the NAc , and enhanced AMPA mediated synaptic currents that facilitate long term potentiation in the NAc  .
Amnestic mild cognitive impairment  is a term used to define the transitional phase between normal aging and early Alzheimer disease . aMCI individuals share similar pathology with AD including temporal lobe atrophy, low CSF Aβ levels, and the accumulation of neurofibrillary tangles in the hippocampus and entorhinal cortex . Heat shock proteins  are up regulated in response to cellular stress to protect the cell from a variety of stresses .
The prenatal period may represent a time when the impact of inhaled environmental agents on respiratory outcomes in the offspring is heightened. Season of birth also has been associated with subsequent development of atopy and asthma in multiple studies. However, studies examining the relationship between a specific season of birth and childhood sensitization to allergens found in higher concentrations during later pregnancy are limited.
South Africa has the largest number of HIV infected people worldwide. Although the yearly mortality due to AIDS related deaths has improved from 257,000 in 2005 to 194,000 in 2010, late diagnosis and poor access to treatment continue to be a challenge. Since the South African antiretroviral treatment  program was rolled out in 2004, there has been increased focus on HIV policies and programs promoting testing.
One of the hallmarks of cancer is the invasion of tumor cells into adjacent normal tissue . Invasive tumor cells interact with their microenvironment and remodel it into a neighborhood supportive of tumor growth and progression. CAF are not merely innocent bystanders but actively participate in reciprocal communication with the tumor cells, leading to accelerated tumor growth and progression  .
Among several proposed functions, translocator protein 18 kDa  transports cholesterol across the outer mitochondrial membrane to an enzyme , which converts cholesterol into pregnenolone, a common precursor for steroids . TSPO was first detected in kidney and was originally called the peripheral benzodiazepine receptor. TSPO may be a useful biomarker for inflammation, because it is highly expressed in phagocytic inflammatory cells, such as activated microglia in brain and macrophages in the periphery  .
The membrane raft hypothesis assumes lateral lipid membrane heterogeneity to critically influence cellular functions involving signaling, sorting, and trafficking . However, it is becoming increasingly understood and recognized that detergents , as well as temperature , crucially influence membrane phase behavior . These findings have challenged the field of research on biologically relevant membrane heterogeneity  .
Adult T cell leukemialymphoma  is a highly aggressive T cell malignancy etiologically linked to the retrovirus human T cell leukemia virus type I  . This very long latency and the low incidence of ATLL development in carriers suggest that the oncogenic potential of the HTLV 1 virus is quite weak, and that secondary genetic events must somatically arise within infected cells during transformation. The Tax protein affects multiple intracellular processes and signaling pathways, including cell cycle progression, cell survival, mitosis, and genomic stability .
Cholesterol serves diverse regulatory and metabolic functions in mammalian cells, including regulation of its own cellular concentration via multiple pathways. For example, cholesterol mediated microdomains  are thought to facilitate trafficking of selected lipids and proteins in cells. More scalable “coarse grained”  simulations are valuable tools for investigating such systems, provided they reproduce key properties measured from experiments and atomistic simulations where experimental data are not available .
The prevalence of obesity has been increasing at alarming rates worldwide. Obesity has been associated with type 2 diabetes as well as with other chronic diseases, including certain types of cancer, heart disease, and stroke. Likewise, reports of greater depression, more injuries from accidents, and economic loss from unemployment linked to obesity magnify the impact of obesity on health.
Multiple sclerosis  is an inflammatory, demyelinating disease of the central nervous system  believed to be mediated by myelin specific T cells. The clinical signs of disease reflect the site of lesion localization and the nature of these clinical signs can significantly impact the extent of disability and prognosis. It is important to determine if different pathogenic mechanisms contribute to these distinct inflammatory patterns as this may suggest a need for individualized therapeutic approaches .
Tracheal stenosis is largely an acquired deformity that results from a combination of events including external trauma and infection as well as iatrogenic causes, such as prolonged endotracheal intubation and tracheotomy. Current surgical treatments consist of serial endoscopic dilation, cartilage grafting, laser ablation, endotracheal stenting, tracheostomy, and segmental resection. These procedures are often associated with significant morbidity and mortality.
The use of plants as factories to produce important pharmaceutical proteins, including vaccine antigens and therapeutic monoclonal antibodies , is attractive for several reasons. First, plants can produce large volumes of proteins efficiently and sustainably and, under certain conditions, can have significant advantages in manufacturing costs . Third, plants possess an endomembrane system and secretory pathway that are similar to mammalian cells , permitting appropriate post translational modification of recombinant proteins, which are often critical to their proper functions .
Stress has been shown to contribute to the induction of various psychiatric disorders such as depression and alcohol dependency . Exposure to stressful life events has been long associated with increased alcohol use in humans and psychological stress is a common risk factor for both depression and alcohol dependence . DA neurotransmission in the VTA NAc circuit plays a major role in defensive responses toward aversive stimuli, responses toward rewarding stimuli such as alcohol and other drugs of abuse as well as depression like behavior in animal models .
The t is the most common chromosomal translocation in human low grade lymphomas. As a result of the translocation, one allele of the anti apoptotic bcl 2 gene from chromosome 18q21 is juxtaposed to the immunoglobulin heavy chain  locus on chromosome 14q32. The 5' promoter  is located 1,386 to 1,423 bp upstream of the bcl 2 translational start site, and it is GC rich with multiple Sp1 sites.
For the unicellular bacterium, this boundary is a structurally complex cell wall integrating cytoskeletal proteins and a cytoskeletal polymer, the peptidoglycan, with membrane bilayer. These membrane proteins may be divided among proteins that associate with the membrane, that embed into the membrane by a single membrane spanning domain , and that embed into the membrane using multiple membrane spanning domains . From the perspective of human control of infection, there is arguably no more important class of bacterial membrane proteins than the Penicillin Binding Proteins .
The antigen antibody complex is a critical interaction exploited in a range of fundamental immune based detection technologies such as immunoblotting, immunohistochemistry, immunoprecipitation and flow cytometric analyses. Yet antibody generation is something of a gamble, with no guarantee for the sensitivity or selectivity of an antibody raised against an epitope from a protein of interest, and whether the antibody will be effective across all desired techniques. Several methods have been developed to improve antibody performance, most of which involve sample processing prior to application of the antibody  or using a more robust secondary antibody reporter that conjugates to the primary antibody .
Block copolymer  self assembly is considered a powerful route to achieve nanoscale  materials because of its ability to form various periodic structures with tunable length scale. This methodology has been successfully applied to various inorganic systems, such as aluminosilicates, orthosilicates, transition metal oxides, and non oxide ceramics. Different metals  and polymers  , poly ) have been used, proving the generality of this approach.
Plasmodium vivax is a major cause of malaria worldwide leading to >50% of the disease is outside Africa, mainly afflicting Asia and the Americas with approximately 2.5 billion people at risk from vivax malaria . Therefore, an important part of control strategy will be an implementation of a vaccine capable of inducing protective immunity against P. vivax . The critical erythrocyte binding motif of DBP is in a 330 amino acid cysteine rich domain referred to as DBP region II  or the DBL domain.
For over 50 years Abraham Maslow’s hierarchy of needs has been one of the most cited theories of human behavior . Most would agree that having basic needs met supports or promotes recovery. identifies such things as health, home, purpose and community, as important to the overall recovery process.
Sirtuin 1 , a mammalian counterpart of the yeast silent information regulator 2  and a proto member of the sirtuin family, is an NAD dependent protein deacetylase. It has been revealed that SIRT1 regulates important cellular processes including metabolism, cell survival, and stress response . It has been considered as a tumor promoter because of its increased expression in some types of cancers and its role in inactivating proteins that are involved in tumor suppression .
Vegetation distribution and diversity are vital for humans, as they are not only playing a direct role in ecosystem services such as fodder or wood production, but also involved in key ecosystem functions . Dominant plant species drive ecosystem stability  and more generally ecosystem functioning . Plant species richness is known to influence forest productivity  but there is a growing consensus that it is functional diversity rather than species numbers per se that affects ecosystem functions .
The associations of pilot error with the type of flight operations and basic weather conditions are well documented. The correlation between pilot characteristics and error is less clear. This study aims to examine whether pilot age is associated with the prevalence and patterns of pilot error in air taxi crashes .
Voltage gated sodium channels respond to membrane depolarization by undergoing a series of conformational changes that culminate in channel opening and subsequent inactivation. Ionic fluxes through these channels underlie electrical signaling in many physiological processes particularly in the nervous system and the cardiovascular system. The voltage dependent sodium channel shares a common architecture with other members of the voltage gated ion channel family and comprises a central ion conducting pore surrounded by four voltage sensing domains.
Contact lenses impede the movement of oxygen to the anterior of the cornea, and create a lens induced hypoxia Chronic corneal hypoxia is a major issue because it causes corneal edema, which may be manifested clinically as central corneal clouding, striae and folds. In the long term, contact lens induced hypoxia may lead to corneal exhaustion syndrome and discontinued contact lens wear. It also has been found that contact lenses that do not meet the cornea’s oxygen needs cause impaired corneal metabolism and integrity, decreased epithelial thickness, stromal thinning, increased endothelial polymegathism and limbal redness and vascularization., Other studies show that hypoxia causes increased bacterial adhesion to epithelial cells and overnight hypoxia increases the risk for infection.
The scale up of antiretroviral therapy  is one of the largest global public health interventions ever implemented, almost reaching 10 million HIV infected adults in sub Saharan Africa  . Consequently, these adults are now unlikely to die from opportunistic infections that typified the pre ART era hence live longer. For instance, older adults were found to have; advanced disease at diagnosis, faster progression to AIDS, and higher mortality,.
While there are numerous clinical complications that are associated with the development of acute myocardial infarction , none are more potentially devastating or carry a worse prognosis than cardiogenic shock  . Despite marked advances in medical treatment, revascularization techniques, and mechanical support during the past 2 decades, cardiogenic shock is still the most common cause of hospital mortality associated with AMI . On the other hand, data obtained from a limited number of recent studies suggest possible declines in the hospital mortality associated with cardiogenic shock , partially associated with the implementation of early revascularization therapy based on recent practice guidelines .
The intercellular connectivity of neurons is critical for correct function, but detailed descriptions of neuronal wiring circuits in vertebrates are still lacking, and their functional outputs poorly understood . Mechanistically, the development of neuronal networks is regulated by a series of attractive and repulsive cues mediated by factors that are secreted by, and displayed on the surface of cells within the nervous system . The expression of these guidance molecules is highly regulated and identifying when and where they are expressed is important to obtain a molecular understanding of neuronal network development and function.
Since Silent Spring , a keen interest has developed in the occurrence and environmental health impacts of persistent environmental pollutants, like the polychlorinated biphenyls . Large reserves of these halogenated pollutants are found throughout the world . We lack a clear mechanistic understanding of their toxicity.
Enhanced susceptibility effects at high field have led to the rapid development of methods which use the phase of the MR signal, particularly in neuroimaging. The time dependent component is dominated by deviation from the static magnetic field, ΔB0, which evolves linearly over time. A wrap which ends within the object is known as a “non terminating fringe line,” and indicates a nonphysical infinite gradient in the phase, and generally belies a point at which there is no signal in the corresponding magnitude image.
Several variants in genes that encode for drug metabolizing and transport proteins have been demonstrated to affect inter individual drug responses by regulating the absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion  of medications. Allele frequency differences for these variants are greater among African than European or Asian populations. Therefore, extrapolation of allele frequencies of these variants genotyped in one African population to another African population may be misleading.
In the central nervous system semaphorins promote axon guidance by mediating both attractive and repulsive cues . Semaphorins can modulate the migratory and growth characteristics of cultured endothelial cells, in part by competing with VEGF for neuropilin containing receptors, but also by binding to receptors that do not recognize VEGF . PlexinD1 can mediate repulsive guidance cues in the vasculature, thus contributing to the formation of the complex but largely predictable vascular network that accompanies embryonic development .
Malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors  are an aggressive soft tissue sarcoma and about 50% of MPNSTs arise in Neurofibromatosis Type 1 patients . NF1 patients have 813% lifetime risk of developing a MPNST. The 5 year survival rate ranges from 39 to 60 % .
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women with prevalence increasing with age . Alterations to p53 are commonly detected in primary human breast tumors , reported in 30 40% of human breast cancers  and about 25% of all preinvasive DCIS lesions. Alterations to p53 function include mutation, changes in upstream regulators, transcriptional target genes and coactivators .
Zebrafish embryos and larvae provide a unique system in which to study motor control because of the ability to combine genetics, imaging, and electrophysiology . The first coordinated motor behavior in zebrafish appears at 17 h post fertilization . It consists of spontaneous coiling of the trunk and is driven by activity in the spinal cord, independent of supraspinal input .
α Hemolysin  secreted by the bacterium Staphylococcus aureus is an exotoxin involved in a number of human diseases. It can self assemble on lipid bilayers of a susceptible host cell membrane to form a wide heptameric pore. Experimental studies show that the wild type αHL displays a weak anionic selectivity and this selectivity can be increased by mutation of residues lining the lumen of the channel, and by noncovalent, or covalent linkage of a cyclic polysaccharide  in the lumen of the pore.
Atrial natriuretic peptide  is a 28 amino acid  peptide which consists of a 17 AA ring formed by a disulfide bond together with a 6 AA N terminus and a 5 AA C terminus. ANP possesses natriuretic, vasodilatory, lusitropic, renal enhancing, and renin angiotensin aldosterone system  inhibiting properties via activation of the natriuretic peptide receptor A  and generation of the second messenger 3′,5′ cyclic guanosine monophosphate  . By activating NPR A ANP also is anti hypertrophic and anti fibrotic and genetic deletion of either the ANP gene  or NPR A results in hypertension, cardiac hypertrophy and fibrosis .
The lifetime risk of symptomatic knee osteoarthritis  is nearly 50% . As a surrogate measure for medial knee forces, the knee external adduction moment  is often studied. The KEAM is also predictive of radiographic disease progression in diseased knees  .
Heme is an iron containing cofactor necessary for a variety of biological processes . Heme also plays a regulatory role as a small molecule sensor in proteins such as FixL, in which O2 binding to heme ultimately regulates gene expression, and soluble guanylate cyclase, which is activated by binding of NO to heme . In spite of its importance, heme is toxic when it is free in the body.
CC is the fourth most common cancer and inflammation is an established risk factor for CC . LPA is an extracellular lipid mediator that evokes multiple growth factor like effects in almost every cell type , . LPA mediates its effects primarily by coupling to a family of G protein coupled receptors, LPA1~LPA5 .
Approximately two thirds of the world’s 33.2 million individuals infected with the HIV virus live in sub Saharan Africa. Alcohol is associated with suboptimal  ARV adherence and poorer medical outcomes among those who are HIV infected. This article describes an effort to adapt Cognitive Behavioral Therapy  to reduce alcohol use among HIV infected outpatients in Eldoret, Kenya and to conduct a preliminary evaluation of its feasibility, or practical ability to be conducted, in that setting.
Epithelial ovarian cancer  represents the fifth most common cause of cancer mortality in women due in part to the advanced stage at which patients typically present, with an estimated 22,240 new patients and 14,030 deaths in 2013 in the United States . Most deaths  are among patients who had advanced stage, high grade serous  epithelial ovarian cancer , a histological subtype shown to have unique tumor epigenetic characteristics . The diverse outcomes observed among HGS EOC patients may relate to different molecular subtypes, even among tumors with similar pathological characteristics .
The murine skull vault consists of mainly two different skeletal elements, the frontal and parietal bones. Each component is formed from entirely different tissue origins during development, cranial neural crest  or cephalic mesoderm, respectively . Previous studies using transgenic mouse models have demonstrated that CNC contributes to the formation of the frontal bone but not the parietal bone during embryonic development .
The activity of the thiamine dependent enzyme complex α ketoglutarate dehydrogenase  declines in brain in numerous age related neurodegenerative diseases . Mice with a genetically induced reduction in the E3 component have a 50% reduction in KGDHC activity . Furthermore, reducing KGDHC by diminishing dietary thiamine exacerbates plaque formation in plaque competent mice .
In an attempt to develop proper rodent models of excessive intake of alcohol , multiple procedures involving temporally limited accesses to alcohol have been tested. The repeated, concurrent availability of multiple alcohol concentrations  in two daily 1 h drinking sessions, 3 h apart during the dark phase, resulted in mean alcohol intakes exceeding 2.5 g/kg/session in selectively bred, Indiana alcohol preferring  rats ; these alcohol intakes, together with the corresponding blood alcohol levels , met the proposed criteria for binge like drinking . Sardinian alcohol preferring  rats constitute one of the few rat lines selectively bred for high alcohol preference and consumption .
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease  is a progressive liver disease that ranges from simple steatosis to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis .Along with the obesity rates in the United States, the incidence of NAFLD and NASH have increased in recent years, and it is estimated that NAFLD affects between ~30% and 40% of the adult population . NAFLD patients have an increased overall mortality rate and those who develop NASH have an increased rate of liver related mortalities . Recently, there has been a significant amount of enthusiasm surrounding circulating microRNAs as biomarkers for various diseases, including cancer, hepatitis, liver injury, and NAFLD.
There is widespread recognition of the importance of taxation as one of the most effective measures of tobacco control and its demonstrated value as a public health policy in preventing tobacco related disease and death. A tax increase is expected to raise the retail price of cigarettes and the increased price has proven to cause some smokers to quit, lower the likelihood that non smokers will begin to smoke, and lower the average consumption of those who continue to smoke. The taxation of tobacco products, however, may not be as effective in curbing tobacco consumption as it is intended to be, owing to compensatory behavior among smokers to maintain the affordability of tobacco products in response to price increases.
Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate  is an important first line agent for antiretroviral therapy  in North America and Europe because of its proven effectiveness, favorable toxicity profile, and demonstrated regimen durability. In contrast, introduction of TDF into first line therapy has been limited in resource constrained settings, particularly in sub Saharan Africa. Although experience with the agent has been favorable within clinical trials, the cost of TDF has been a major barrier to widespread use.
The innate immune system uses pattern recognition receptors  to recognize various pathogens based on their molecular structures. Cytokines produced by macrophages, dendritic cells , neutrophils and natural killer  cells in response to ligation of PRRs in the early phases of infection serve to control pathogen replication and initiate adaptive responses. The toll like receptors  are a large family of evolutionarily conserved PRRs that recognize a range of microbial products .
Myeloid cells express an extensive collection of cell surface receptors that are involved in a diverse range of functions ranging from microbial recognition and activation of cellular responses; to cell development, migration, proliferation, maturation and survival. This subgroup consists of Dectin 1, Lectin like oxidised low density lipoprotein 1 , Myeloid inhibitory C type lectin like receptor , CLEC9A, CLEC12B and C type lectin like receptors 1 and 2 . CLEC 2 was originally identified through a computational screen for C type lectin like receptors .
Understanding how the pre mRNA for IgH is processed is key for understanding how secreted immunoglobulin  is made. In plasma cells the secreted form of the Ig protein is produced by the use of the promoter proximal, weak secretory specific Ig poly site in the mRNA. The molecular mechanisms that influence the RNA processing choice critically impact the immune response and expression of secreted Ig, the primary goal of plasma cell development .
Flower color produces some of the most beautiful displays in nature, and serves an important function in the ecology and evolution of plants by attracting animal pollinators . A molecular description of the control of floral pigmentation in a multi species group displaying various flower colors and patterns would, therefore, be of great interest for understanding the molecular bases underlying phenotypic diversification, plant pollinator interactions, and pollinator mediated speciation. In the past decade a wealth of genomic and genetic resources as well as functional tools have been developed for multiple species in the genus , enabling in depth genetic and developmental analyses of this traditionally ecological and evolutionary model system .
The interaction between antigen presenting cells  and T cells is central to the initiation of adaptive immunity. Considerable research has focused upon the elements that promote T cell activation with growing appreciation for the role that APC type and differentiation state have in this process . Interest remains in understanding how APC:T cell interaction restrains immunity, not only during normal responses but also where essential T cell effector functions have been shut down .
The initiation of transcription in eukaryotes is regulated by coactivators that are recruited to promoters by gene specific activators . Transcriptional coactivators are typically multi subunit protein complexes that carry out diverse functions including histone modification and assembly of the transcription preinitiation complex. H2B monoubiquitination serves as a transient signal during transcription initiation .
The incidence of new HIV infections related to injection drug use has remained at 1520% in the United States over the past decade . While harm reduction practices have stabilized this rate among groups of injectors in the US, new infections continue to be a public health concern . Substance abuse treatment is also part of this paradigm and has contributed toward decreasing HIV risk among those ready to abstain from drug use  .
The blood brain barrier  is a diffusion barrier present in all areas of the brain consisting of endothelial cells, astrocyte end feet, and pericytes ; however, in some brain structures , the BBB is incomplete or leaky . This specialized endothelial barrier, therefore, limits the passage of substances  into the brain  . In cell monolayers, mild hyperthermia  using ultrasound  has been shown to reversibly enhance passive diffusion of hydrophobic drugs and allow them to bypass efflux transporters .
Prostate cancer  is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in men, with occurrence of metastasis to the bone in almost 80% of advanced metastatic disease . Although clinically PCa metastases have been associated primarily with osteoblastic lesions, there is also an osteolytic component to metastatic bone disease . The mechanisms by which prostate cancers are induced to metastasize to bone and successfully grow tumors rely on a tight interplay between the tumor and the tissue micro environment.
Major depression in older adults, or Late Life Depression , is a prevalent and debilitating psychiatric disorder that is commonly linked to a wide range of cognitive dysfunctions . This association is supported by consistent findings of cerebrovascular disease, specifically frontal striatal white matter abnormalities and executive dysfunction in LLD . Despite the importance of clarifying the contributing factors to cognitive dysfunction in LLD relatively few studies have been conducted to evaluate these alternative hypotheses .
Colorectal cancer is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer among men and women in the United States . Conclusions from recent review articles of observational studies strongly support the hypothesis that higher levels of vitamin D  reduce risk of colorectal cancer . Although results from the calcium and vitamin D supplementation trial of the Women’s Health Initiative   failed to demonstrate an effect on colorectal cancer risk, high vitamin D supplementation prior to enrollment and the relatively low vitamin D dose chosen for the intervention  complicate its interpretation .
Chemotactic cell migration plays an important role in tumor invasion by directing the spread of tumor cells towards growth factors. Tumor cells can move while attached to each other, which often occurs at early stage of cancer progression. Phosphoinositide 3 kinases  and Rho family of GTPases have been identified as key molecules in regulating cell migration.
Colorectal cancer  is the third most common cancer diagnosed among U.S. men and women with ~130,000 new cases diagnosed each year. Six percent of all Americans, 1 out of 17, will develop CRC , and only ~5% to 10% of these cancers are explained by a specific genetic susceptibility. A long standing issue in cancer biology has been attributing the cause of cancer to environment and genetic factors.
Weight perception, which refers to the perception of one’s body shape, is an important dimension of body image concern and plays a significant role in related behaviors. Participants who perceive themselves as overweight may often feel isolated or discriminated against in social situations. Based on these mechanisms, the beliefs, feelings and thoughts about our body  are affected and refined by external social influences when we make external social comparisons with others and internalize the reflected appraisals.
Cystic fibrosis  is caused by an autosomal recessive mutation in the gene that encodes for the chloride channel cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator gene . Patients who can delay chronic infection and the resulting inflammation have reduced clinical signs and fewer hospitalizations. Despite advances in treatments, there remains no cure.
We evaluated the role of glutathione related genotypes on overall survival, time to progression, adverse events, and quality of life  in stage IIIB/IV non small cell lung cancer patients who were stable or responding from initial treatment with platinum based chemotherapy and subsequently randomized to receive daily oral carboxyaminoimidazole or a placebo . Of the 186 total patients, 113 had initial treatment with platinum therapy and DNA samples of whom 46 also had QOL data. These samples were analyzed using six polymorphic DNA markers that encode five important enzymes in the glutathione metabolic pathway.
Over the last 55 million years of evolution, the rodent clade has had considerable success and diversification, radiating into some 28 families, 400 genera and over 2000 extant species . Most notably, grey squirrels and other squirrels have been used in a number of studies of the visual system because this system is especially well developed . As examples of specializations of the visual system, diurnal squirrels have large eyes with a majority of cones over rods in their retina , a distinctly laminated dorsal lateral geniculate nucleus , and a patently laminated superior colliculus  that is approximately ten times larger than in rats matched for body size .
There is a proliferation of genomewide association  studies worldwide. Methods  and  are restricted to controls and cases, respectively. None of the aforementioned analysis methods is statistically correct.
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a systemic autoimmune disorder primarily characterized by the inflammation and degradation of synovial joints, affecting an estimated 0.6% of all adults in the United States . The development of increasingly effective disease modifying therapies has dramatically improved the prognosis of individuals with RA over the past 20 years. Nonetheless, broad differences in health outcomes persist among patients .
In cardiac muscle cells, the ion motive ATPase SERCA2a sequesters calcium  by transporting it across the membrane of the sarcoplasmic reticulum . The rate of uptake of Ca from the cytoplasm largely determines the rate of muscle relaxation during the diastolic phase of the cardiac cycle. Thus, SERCA2a activity is an important determinant of both cardiac relaxation  and contraction .
The brain plays a key role in the regulation of arterial blood pressure via baroreflex mechanisms and by altering chronic efferent sympathetic tone. The PVN is one source of these increased excitatory inputs . In turn, the PVN receives projections from the circumventricular organs including the subfornical organ that lie outside the blood brain barrier and are richly endowed with angiotensin AT1 receptors .
Bevacizumab improves survival in patients with advanced non small cell lung cancer . This phase II clinical trial assessed the effects of the addition of bevacizumab to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable non squamous NSCLC . Patients with resectable stage IB IIIA non squamous NSCLC were treated with bevacizumab followed by imaging 2 weeks later to assess single agent effect.
The prevalence of diet related chronic diseases, including obesity, diabetes, heart disease, and cancer, disproportionately burdens rural populations in the United States. . Rural residents tend to consume fewer fruits and vegetables than their urban counterparts , and low income rural residents have particularly low levels of fruit and vegetable consumption .
The progesterone receptor  is an estrogen regulated protein found in female reproductive tissues and in many breast tumors, and it can serve as a target for various endocrine therapies, including the treatment of the breast cancer. PR could also be used as a target for diagnostic imaging and radiotherapy of breast cancer by the administration of a suitably radiolabeled PR ligand that accumulates in receptor positive tumors, where it can be detected and quantified by imaging. This information can sometimes be used to evaluate tumor aggressiveness and predict the likelihood of responsiveness to endocrine therapies.
Containing the costs of alcohol and drug treatment has become a major goal for state and local governments that fund treatment . One repercussion has been an increase in less expensive outpatient services and a decrease in more costly residential and inpatient treatment. Despite increasing popularity, outpatient treatment programs have the serious limitation of not being able to control the social and living environment of clients.
Patellofemoral pain is one of the most common disorders of the knee, accounting for 25% of all knee injuries seen in sports medicine clinics . Participation in sports and daily activities may be adversely affected by patellofemoral pain , and many people continue to have problems even after a full treatment program . The incidence of patellofemoral pain is greater in women compared to men, particularly in young athletes .
Neutrophils represent the dominant population of white blood cells in circulation and the first responders to bacterial and fungal infections. Neutrophils are also involved in various chronic and acute inflammatory conditions ranging from atherosclerosis to burn injury. Both neutropenia  and neutrophilia  require additional clinical investigation whenever detected.
Each year in the United States, over 4,000 women die from cervical cancer, almost all cases of which are caused by persistent infection with human papillomavirus  . The highest priority for prevention are women disproportionately affected by cervical cancer mortality, including women who are racial and ethnic minorities, those with low socioeconomic status, and those who have not been recently screened . These persistent disparities suggest the need for novel and highly targeted approaches to reaching the minority of women who are not currently served by existing in person screening programs .
Quantitative comparison of rate constants for the reactions of individual RNA sequence variants is an essential experimental tool for determining the biological specificity and catalytic properties of ribozymes, ribonucleases and RNA processing factors. Typically, RNA substrates are analyzed one at a time by fitting time courses of changes in substrate or product concentration to linear or exponential functions to determine reaction rate constants. Internal competition is an alternative method for quantifying enzyme rate constants that involves analyzing the change in the ratios of concentrations of alternative substrates or products as a function of reaction progress in reactions containing multiple substrates.
Prostate cancer has a protracted natural history. In the absence of definitive local therapy, the 15 year prostate cancer specific mortality  is approximately 20%. This risk may be substantially less among men living in regions where screening with prostate specific antigen  is prevalent, given the 511 year lead time with screening.
Cellular sensing of viral pathogens by the host activates inflammatory gene expression and triggers cell death. Necroptosis is a form of programmed necrosis induced by death receptors , a subgroup of the tumor necrosis factor  superfamily, that is independent of caspases but dependent on the activity of the adaptors receptor interacting protein kinase 1   and RIP3 , two related RIP homotypic interaction motif  containing protein kinases . It has recently been proposed that this alternative death pathway is another host counter measure against invading pathogens .
IL 17 is a member of a newly identified cytokine family produced predominantly by Th17 cell . IL 17 enhances T cell priming and stimulates fibroblasts, endothelial cells, neutrophils, macrophages, and epithelial cells to produce multiple pro inflammatory mediators, including IL 1, IL 6, TNF α, NOS 2, metalloproteinases and chemokines . IL 17 may protect against bacterial, fungal and protozoa infection , but it has been linked predominantly to the pathogenesis of chronic inflammatory and autoimmune diseases.
Approximately 20% of the U.S. population is significantly affected by pain lasting at least 6 months,,  most commonly back pain, joint pain and headache. It is likely that increased use of opioids both improves pain control and increases risk of misuse and addiction. The comorbidity of NCPC with mental health  disorders, such as depression or anxiety, is well established , although little is known about the relationship between NCPC and substance use disorders , such as alcohol or drug dependence.
Glycine receptors  are the main mediators of fast synaptic inhibition in the spinal cord and brainstem . In particular, in the ventral area of the lumbar spinal cord, GlyRs activation is responsible for the control of left right and flexor extensor alternation during locomotor rhythms . A detailed knowledge of the kinetics of GlyRs at the single channel level is necessary in order to understand the properties and behaviour of glycine mediated synaptic transmission.
Traumatic brain injury  is a major public health concern for children 014 years, with an estimated annual incidence of 435,000 emergency department visits and 37,000 hospitalizations . Similarly,  observed that children who sustained severe TBI during early childhood  performed more poorly than children with mild TBI on measures of attention and processing speed out to 5 years post injury. Factors related to worse outcomes of moderate to severe TBI in children include more severe TBI, younger age at injury, and greater environmental disadvantage .
Adjustments to microvascular network structure occur in several ways. New capillaries are formed by sprouting from pre existing microvessels through angiogenesis, while arterioles grow into larger diameter channels through arteriogenesis. In contrast, endogenous BMCs do not trans differentiate into endothelium and/or smooth muscle during arteriogenesis during hindlimb ischemia  .
The adenine nucleotide translocase  catalyzes the reversible exchange of ADP for ATP with a 1:1 stoichiometry across the inner mitochondrial membrane . We have previously developed a technique to measure mitochondrial ADP ATP exchange rates by exploiting the specific feature of ANT to transport only the free ADP and ATP forms, unbound to Mg2+ . The rate of ATP appearing in the medium following addition of ADP to energized isolated mitochondria, is calculated from the measured rate of change in free extramitochondrial  reported by the membrane impermeable 5K+ salt of the Mg2+ sensitive fluorescent indicator, Magnesium Green, using standard binding equations .
Neural tube defects  are one of the most common birth defects in the United States, occurring in 2/10,000 births annually. Disruption of neurulation which occurs during or prior to this time may result in a defect, or failure of closure of the neural tube. A variety of clinical abnormalities can result.
reported a patient with Hodgkin lymphoma , subacute cerebellar degneration, and antibodies that stained cerebellar Purkinje neurons in a characteristic pattern. These findings were further described in a case series in 1992 by Hammack et al. Patients with paraneoplastic cerebellar degeneration typically have progressive nystagmus, limb ataxia, dysarthria, and gait ataxia.
Tubal ligation and hysterectomy are commonly performed operations  that have been associated with a lower risk of ovarian cancer, particularly endometrioid tumors . We recently reported that the benefits of tubal ligation were stronger for women who received the procedure at the time of last delivery and a suggestion that hysterectomy is more protective at older ages in a case control study of ovarian cancer . Few other studies have examined the impact of details of the surgical procedures or characteristics of the women receiving these surgeries on the associations between tubal ligation or hysterectomy and ovarian cancer.
Due to the changing linguistic demographics of the United States, specifically the large influx of Spanish speakers , it is imperative that the audiology community considers appropriate test alternatives for the assessment of speech perception abilities of children who speak English as their second language. Only 5% of American Speech Language Hearing Association  members consider themselves to be bilingual providers . Further, even if the tester has access to recorded audiological test materials that have been developed in other languages , correctly scoring an open set speech recognition response may be very difficult for native English speaking clinicians .
Despite multiple advances in the treatment for breast cancer, the mortality rate remains high. The American Cancer Society estimates that over 182,000 new cases of invasive breast cancer are expected to occur among women in the US every year. Breast cancer is therefore the most common female cancer in the United States and the second most common cause of cancer death in women.
Computational enzyme design has been used to create catalysts for a wide range of reactions , but considerable challenges remain in both increasing the fraction of designs that have activity and increasing the overall level of activity. The in silico design process proceeds in three stages:  construction of an idealized active site description, or theozyme;  placement of the theozyme in a suitable protein scaffold; and  optimization of the surrounding sequence for transition state binding. Choosing an appropriate theozyme is critical as the catalytic mechanism and the chemical composition of the catalytic residues and their interactions with the transition state must be decided upon.
Sepsis is a major public health problem throughout the world. Sepsis is characterized by a systemic inflammatory response caused by bacterial infection or trauma. Host factors that regulate inflammatory responses may protect against dysfunctional inflammation during bacterial infection.
Neutrophils, the most abundant white blood cells, form the first line of defense against pathogenic insults . Upon their mobilization from the bone marrow, neutrophils circulate in the blood and can rapidly migrate to peripheral tissues  in response to infection or inflammation. The extravasation process is a cascade of low  and high affinity adhesive interactions between the neutrophils and the vascular endothelium of the infected or inflamed tissue and involves distinct steps, including tethering and rolling, activation, firm adhesion, intraluminal crawling, and transmigration .
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma  is the eighth most common cancer worldwide, with approximately 48,010 new cases expected in the United States during 2009 that varies in terms of incidence, mortality and survival by race. Appropriate recognition and repair of DNA damage requires the integrity of the DNA damage response and repair machinery to maintain a normal cellular functionality. A defective DNA damage response can result in apoptosis or may lead to genomic instability, unregulated cell growth and an increased cancer risk.
Metastasis is the primary cause of cancer death and treatment failure in cancer patients. In response to genotoxic stresses, such as ultraviolet  or γ irradiation, p53 abundance rises substantially and triggers either cell cycle arrest or apoptosis . However, different stimuli elicit different degrees of p53 response.
The endoplasmic reticulum  is an organelle responsible for severalimportant cellular functions including protein and lipid biosynthesis,Ca2+ storage, and signaling. Protein folding and processing enzymes,as well as the chemical environment within the ER are required for proteins toproperly fold into their functional conformation. Myriad pathological andphysiological factors can perturb this unique protein folding environment anddisrupt ER homeostasis, causing accumulation of unfolded proteins and ER stress.
Periodontitis is a chronic inflammatory disease initiated by a complex microbial biofilm that results in destruction of the periodontium culminating in alveolar bone resorption and endentulism . Distinct bacterial consortiums have been identified that correlate with either healthy or diseased tissue. Complement is a key part of the innate immune system .
Previous work in our laboratory has identified Mustn1 as a small  protein that localizes predominantly to the musculoskeletal system . Investigation of Mustn1’s sequence revealed that it is highly homologous in vertebrates and contains a nuclear localization sequence but no other significant motifs, only potential phosphorylation and myristoylation sites. GPF Mustn1 fusion experiments showed that Mustn1 localizes to the nucleus but not to the nuclear membrane or nucleoli.
Protein aggregation represents a major challenge in biopharmaceutical manufacturing. , It may occur during purification, formulation, shipment or storage and can lead to significant reduction in yield, bioavailability and potency of the final product. , Significant efforts are therefore employed to monitor and minimize aggregate formation.
Allergic asthma, the most common form of asthma, is a chronic inflammatory disorder of the lung in which CD4 T helper cells play a key role. Experimental evidence indicates that there is a predominance of CD4 T helper type 2  immune responses during the asthmatic disease process . IFN γ is mainly produced by CD4 Th1 cells and suppresses Th2 responses.
The brains' response to rewards and losses, and learning predictions of their occurrence, have been extensively studied in primates and humans . However, less is known regarding how subjective hedonic responses to rewards and losses are mediated. Dopamine is strongly implicated in both reward learning and motivational drive .
Attention plays a central role in visual cognition and has been a primary focus of research in cognitive psychology . Recently, several studies have provided evidence that attention can be simultaneously directed to multiple locations . When it is time to reattend a particular target, the observer assumes that whichever object is closest to that target's previously remembered position is the target.
Epigenetic regulation of gene expression can undergo persistent changes as a result of environmental exposures, but the contribution of this mechanism to human disease remains to be defined. Few study designs can address the question whether these relationships also occur in humans. These include studies on well documented historical famines that provide a quasi experimental setting with a long follow up.
Developmental speech and language disorders are highly heritable, but the identification of genetic risk factors through classical mapping or association studies is hampered by genotypic and phenotypic complexity. The implication of FOXP2 in a rare monogenic form of disorder provides novel entry points into the critical molecular pathways. FOXP2 encodes a member of the FOX group of transcription factors, featuring a characteristic forkhead box DNA binding domain.
Most cancer therapies involve a component of treatment which inflicts DNA damage in tumor cells. Ionizing radiation  is a potent inducer of double strand breaks , which are considered the most serious form of DNA damage. In this approach, a small molecule library is screened for compounds which bind or inhibit a particular protein of interest, typically using in vitro assays with purified proteins.
Alzheimer disease  is a clinically heterogeneous disease, neuropathologically characterized by the accumulation of beta amyloid plaques  and neurofibrillary tangles  in the brain . Multiple genes and environmental factors are believed to be involved in the pathogenesis and development of the disorder, through a complex interplay still largely unknown. ApoE, the protein coded by the APOE gene, is a lipid transport protein implicated in maintenance and repair of neuronal cells , and current in vitro and animal model data strongly suggest that the ε4 allele is less efficient than other isoforms in these functions, through mechanisms that involve neuronal growth , synaptic remodeling  and cholinergic function .
Warfarin, a synthetic coumarin used for anticoagulation, has a narrow therapeutic index and exhibits wide inter individual variation in the maintenance dose required . Proportionally, far fewer children are treated with warfarin than adults. Indications for paediatric use include treatment of thromboembolic disorders, prophylaxis for heart valve replacement, following cavopulmonary shunts and completion of the Fontan circulation in patients with complex congenital heart disease .
Injury to the adult CNS induces reactive gliosis , which curtails axon regrowth and consists of astrocyte hypertrophy  and the production of inhibitory extracellular matrix  molecules such as chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans  . In vivo, the up regulation of CSPGs by adult reactive astrocytes occurs as a gradient, with the greatest levels at the lesion epicenter and decreasing towards the penumbra . Also, the intrinsic ability of astrocytes to promote axon growth decreases as these cells mature .
The most common cause of the autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxias is simple sequence repeat expansion  . Missense mutations have also been identified in six SCAs , 5, 11, 14, 15, 27) , and more recently genomic deletion at ITPR1 has been associated with SCA15 and SCA16 , which can now therefore be recognized as the same condition . Single nucleotide polymorphism  genotyping is a powerful method for detecting chromosomal duplications and deletions with high resolution and efficiency.
Magnesium deficiency is common, especially among women, the elderly, and minorities. It has been postulated that hypomagnesemia contributes to the development of hypertension and cardiovascular disease . In experimental studies, magnesium has been shown to participate in the regulation of vascular tone, endothelial function,  vascular inflammation,,  and glucose and lipid metabolism.
Macropinocytosis is a type of fluid phase endocytosis characterized by its independence of clathrin which results in relatively large sizes of vesicles ranging from 0.2 to 1 μm . In other types of cells, macropinocytosis occurs at a low spontaneous rate but is rapidly induced in response to growth factors including platelet derived growth factor  and epidermal growth factor   . The biological function of growth factor induced macropinocytosis remains poorly understood.
Cocaine is one of the most reinforcing and addictive drugs of abuse. The goal of the present study is to specifically examine the tissue metabolic rate in cocaine addicted individuals using a novel MRI method . Brain metabolic rate, denoted by cerebral metabolic rate of oxygen , represents the amount of oxygen consumed by the brain per unit time and is thought to be a more direct index of the aggregated neural activity, compared to CBF or BOLD measures.
From Aristotle’s exploration of theatric plots  to psycholinguistic theories of “story grammars” , the structure of narrative has been recognized as a central part of human expression. While most research on the psychology of narrative has focused on verbal discourse, visual narratives of sequential images have persisted for millennia, from cave paintings to modern comics . In a recent theory, ,  argues that a “Visual Narrative Grammar”  guides the comprehension of sequential images analogously to syntactic structure in sentences.
In nature different tick species can be found feeding on the same animal host simultaneously . This may raise questions of whether or not different species of ticks that feed on the same animal host can utilize orthologous tick saliva proteins to mediate the evasion of the host’s anti tick feeding defense responses. CRT was originally identified as a high calcium  binding protein from the sarcoplasmic reticulum of rabbit muscle .
The first peak of the knee adduction moment curve during walking has been shown to be a good clinical surrogate measure of medial tibiofemoral joint loading and osteoarthritis. Defining the relative contributions of the variables that dictate the knee adduction moment, such as center of mass, center of pressure, vertical ground reaction force, and knee adduction angle , has not been formally investigated within the same cohort of individuals . Instrumented gait analysis was collected for 30 individuals.
Prostate cancer is one of the most frequently diagnosed tumors, and the second leading cause of cancer death among men in the United States. Thus, it is clear that effective prostate cancer prevention strategies would spare many men the burden of diagnosis and treatment  . Cancer chemoprevention uses natural or synthetic chemical agents to modulate carcinogenesis thereby lowering the risk of developing invasive or clinically significant disease.
Reactive oxygen species  are formed when molecular oxygen diffuses into cells and is adventitiously reduced at the active sites of redox enzymes containing flavins or quinones . Aerobic micro organisms scavenge these toxic ROS via the superoxide dismutase /catalase system. In anaerobes this system sometimes seems to be absent or incomplete .
Gene expression analysis, pathway profiling, gene regulatory networks, and modeling of biological processes are key for “post genome project” studies. Various high throughput methods of expression profiling are commonly employed, such as microarrays, serial analysis of gene expression , and quantitative reverse transcription PCR ; some being more costly and labor intensive than other methods . Newer expression profiling technologies include genome scale in situ hybridization databases   and fully sequenced EST libraries using massively parallel DNA sequencing technologies .
The hepatitis delta virus  ribozyme is a unique member of the class of small self cleaving  ribozymes as it is the only known ribozyme embedded in the genomic and antigenomic RNAs of a human pathogen. On the basis of crystal structures of the pre cleavage state inhibited by a C75U mutation or chelation of Mg2+, as well as of subsequent molecular dynamics  simulations starting from these structures, the active site C75 was proposed to act as the general base, using its N3 nitrogen to activate  the nucleophilic U 1 group. MD simulations together with combined quantum mechanical/molecular mechanical  calculations suggested that this mechanism is both chemically and structurally feasible.
Gait disturbances in people with Parkinson’s disease  are more pronounced during dual task  walking. The reduction in automaticity necessitates increased cognitive control of movement, enhancing the interference between primary  and secondary  tasks. Further, alterations in attentional control , likely increase DT interference in this population.
Understanding the many complex cellular and subcellular processes underlying biological phenomena will require approaches for obtaining spatiotemporal information for the tens of thousands of proteins expressed in a typical cell. Among the many relevant cellular phenomena to be modeled and quantified, the subcellular spatial distribution of proteins  is important because of the crucial role that location plays in many cellular phenomena. Many approaches have been described for obtaining subcellular location data of large numbers of protein distributions .
  169 alcoholic outpatients  randomly assigned to one of three conditions: a directive approach to facilitating AA, a motivational enhancement approach to facilitating AA, or treatment as usual with no special emphasis on AA . The first session was 90 minutes; remaining sessions were 60 minutes. In Session 2 the therapist and client discussed Step 1 of AA, and the therapist instructed the client to attend “at least a couple of meetings each week,” with the tradition of “90 meetings in 90 days” also mentioned.
New imaging methods have greatly advanced our understanding of cell structure and function. However, no single imaging method proves to be the perfect solution. For example, light microscopy is probably the most well known and most used tool to study live cells, but its resolution is limited by the wavelength of the light.
The dystrophin gene, located on the X chromosome, is the largest known human gene  resulting in a high rate of spontaneous disease causing mutations  with deletions forming the majority . Dystrophin plays an essential structural role in both cardiac and skeletal muscle, protecting the sarcolemma from mechanical stresses of muscle contraction. Complete loss of dystrophin leads to Duchenne muscular dystrophy , the most common severe form of childhood muscular dystrophy, complicated by skeletal muscle degeneration and dilated cardiomyopathy  .
Green fluorescent proteins  and their derivatives are widely used as markers in molecular biology and cell biology. Although fluorescent proteins from different species have different protein sequences, they are ~25 kD in size and share a common three dimensional structure consisting of an 11 stranded β barrel motif surrounding a central chromophore that is responsible for their fluorescent properties . The use of GFPs as endogenously produced protein markers is generally thought to have negligible effects on cellular function .
Asthma is a chronic inflammatory disease of the airways characterized by reversible airflow obstruction, airway hyper reactivity and airways remodeling . Loss of epithelial integrity is a hallmark of asthma . Corticosteroids have been the foundation of the pharmaceutical treatment of asthma since the early 1990’s and are used currently as the first line and initial maintenance treatment  in patients with recurrent symptoms .
External beam radiation is a common adjuvant therapy for esophageal, head and neck, and thoracic  malignancies. Dysphagia is commonly encountered after radiotherapy, and although enteral access feeding can typically preserve nutrition, dysphagia significantly decreases quality of life., A recent meta analysis had a stricture incidence as high as 16.7% in patients treated with intensity modulated radiation therapy and chemotherapy for head and neck cancer . Dilation therapy has been the mainstay of treatment for these benign strictures, but due to anatomic distortion, non surgical endoscopic management can often be technically challenging.
Members of the ErbB family of receptor tyrosine kinases, comprising ErbB1 , ErbB2 , ErbB3, and ErbB4, have pathological functions in a wide range of tumors, as they activate a variety of signaling pathways inside tumor and stromal cells to sustain proliferation, survival, angiogenesis, invasion, and metastasis. Signaling cascades that lie downstream of ErbB activation include the mitogen activated protein  kinase and PI3K/Akt pathways. In a wide range of human carcinomas , EGFR and/or HER2 are significantly overexpressed, usually following gene amplification.
Cryptosporidium parvum and Cryptosporidium hominis are related species of apicomplexan protozoa causing cryptosporidiosis, an enteric infection of humans and animals. C. parvum is considered a zoonotic pathogen, as it is often acquired from ruminants by faecaloral transmission of environmentally resistant oocysts. The completion of the C. parvum and C. hominis genome  has facilitated the discovery of numerous genetic polymorphisms, which have been used as genetic markers for characterizing routes of transmission and parasite populations .
Acute graft versus host disease  is a major cause of morbidity and mortality after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation  . It is caused by the recognition of host antigens by donor lymphocytes, with target organ damage mediated by activated donor effector T cells. Intestinal aGVHD is believed to be similar to other immunologic responses in that it has similar requirements for lymphocyte trafficking.
Chronic injury, mediated by a number of different etiologies, produces cirrhosis of the liver . As liver function in cirrhosis deteriorates, patients develop jaundice, encephalopathy, an increased risk of bleeding, and muscle wasting . In addition, they are susceptible to episodes of acute deterioration of hepatic function with minor precipitating events .
DNA replication timing during S phase is correlated with distinct genomic features such as GC content, gene and SINE  density and high transcriptional activity . Results in Drosophila pointed to a strong correlation between DNA replication in early S phase and transcriptional activity . found a positive correlation between open chromatin conformation and early replication .
Insulin stimulated activation of phosphoinositide 3 kinase  is required for GLUT4 translocation and glucose uptake . However, in insulin sensitive tissues activation of the classical PI3K dependent insulin signaling pathway alone cannot fully account for insulin stimulated glucose transport and GLUT4 translocation . In response to insulin the activation of the CAP/c Cbl pathway is initiated by the APS  recruiting c Cbl  and a second adaptor protein CAP  to the insulin receptor  .
In people under the age of 65 years, the prevalence of frontotemporal dementia  is equal to that of Alzheimer disease  . As our understanding of the underlying neuropathology causing this condition grew, the classification of FTLD was modified in 2007 to include 3 main categories, one of which is FTLD with insoluble protein aggregates composed of TAR DNA binding Protein of 43 kDa mw , called FTLD TDP . FTLD TDP accounts for half of all FTLD cases .
It is estimated that 2.4 million adults were living with HIV in India in 2007, and that 80% of those individuals were unaware of their diagnosis . The state of Karnataka is designated as one of the six high HIV prevalence states in India. Between 20032006, 22.25% of women presenting for antenatal care in Karnataka were HIV infected .
Traditional techniques used in imaging the internal structures of the eye, such as Scheimpflug photography, ultrasound and optical coherence tomography, are limited by optical distortions, require contact with the eye, are unable to image through pigmented areas, or have limited penetration posterior to the iris and sclera. The ability to non invasively image all of the internal structures without distortion makes MRI an exciting tool for ocular research. The combined effects of these can lead to significant errors when measuring the fine ocular structures .
Reducing tobacco use during pregnancy among Alaska Native women is a national public health priority . In 2000, cigarette smoking during pregnancy was most prevalent among American Indian and Alaska Native women  followed by non Hispanic Whites , non Hispanic Blacks  and Hispanic women  . Overall the percentage of U.S. women reporting smokeless tobacco  use during pregnancy is very low  .
The Src oncogene induces oncogenic transformation by several means, including altering signaling and cytoskeletal pathways through the direct phosphorylation of substrates via its intrinsic protein tyrosine kinase activity . A less studied mechanism involves the transcriptional regulation of genes that either promote or suppress oncogenic transformation . A small number of studies have identified gene expression signatures regulated by oncogenically activated Src , and these have been used to predict cancer clinical outcomes and subtypes  .
Protein interaction domains  are molecular recognition modules that mediate interactions with a broad array of biological ligands. PIDs play central roles in the spatiotemporal activation of individual proteins and in the organization of cellular protein networks responsible for complex biological processes. Large scale interactome studies have identified many potential interactions involving PIDs,  but their functional importance is difficult to evaluate.
Among the many unintended consequences of injection drug use, problems with the legs due to injection related venous disease have received little research attention. , We found a high prevalence  of venous disease in methadone maintained adults. , Injection related venous disease is a vascular condition of the legs that results from trauma of repeated injection, irritating qualities of the abused drugs and substances, and localized infections.
Following approval of the anti CD20 antibody rituximab, use of monoclonal antibodies in cancer therapy has become increasingly common. Neoplastic B cells are not reliant upon CD20 for survival and rituximab resistance is common. One of the most promising alternative targets is CD37, a tetraspanin protein highly expressed on malignant B cells in CLL and NHL., While a natural ligand for CD37 remains unknown, signaling induced by the anti CD37 peptide SMIP 016 has implicated this tetraspanin as a mediator of the PI3K/Akt survival pathway.
Recent data suggest that vitamin D supplementation reduces the risk of falls  and improves measures of muscle performance  in older adults with low vitamin D status. Muscle biopsies in adults with profound vitamin D deficiency reveal atrophy of type II  muscle fibers, which are the first fibers to be recruited when preventing a fall . While the actions of vitamin D on skeletal muscle are not well understood, current research suggests that the effects of vitamin D may, at least in part, be mediated through the vitamin D receptor .
A recent cross sectional study reported that almost half  of the children in the United States ages 69 years are atopic  . Research on childhood allergic disease has largely focused on early childhood exposures, and causal mechanisms remain poorly understood. Over the last several years, fetal exposures, especially to pets and livestock, have come under investigation as potentially critical factors in the development of allergic diseases.
The PTEN hamartoma tumor syndromes  are a collection of syndromes characterized by hamartomatous lesions most commonly found in the skin and the gastrointestinal tract and by a risk of malignancy caused by the presence of germline mutations of the tumor suppressor gene PTEN. PTEN, located on 10q22 23, encodes for a non redundant, plasma membrane lipid phosphatase that negatively regulates the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway. Cowden syndrome , a prototypic PHTS, is an autosomal dominant disorder with an approximate 80% penetrance and estimated prevalence of 1 in 200,000.
Although electrical current has been previously demonstrated to control biofilm growth on metal surfaces, the literature results are conflicting and there is no single accepted mechanism of action . Because the research group responsible for the study reported here works with bioelectrochemical systems, information on current, potential, and internal resistances is needed to characterize the system, similar to microbial fuel cells . Thus, the term ‘bioelectrochemical effect’ is used to describe the electrochemical control of biofilm growth on metal surfaces .
Wdr68 is a WD40 repeat domain containing protein originally identified as the vertebrate homolog of the petunia gene AN11 . More recently, the wdr68 gene was identified in the zebrafish through an insertional mutagenesis screen as essential for development of the craniofacial apparatus . The wdr68 gene is essential for both upper and lower jaw development in the zebrafish embryo.
Sterile wounding produces inflammation that is able to recruit and activate phagocytes, promote scavenging and processing of cellular debris, and activate lymphocytes to effect tissue remodelling and wound healing. Apoptotic cell death is thought to sequester pro inflammatory cellular contents, preventing extracellular release of DAMPs, as well as triggering anti inflammatory clearance by phagocytes . Rapid clearance of apoptotic cells, however, may be crucial for preventing autoimmune activation following cell death .
Alzheimer's disease  is the most prevalent type of dementia, affecting nearly half of individuals over the age of 85 and causing tremendous emotional distress and economic loss . The vast majority of previous studies have relied on agonists and antagonists that are not selective for the five known mAChR subtypes . Multiple “M1 preferring” agonists have shown encouraging results, but they activate other mAChR subtypes in addition to the M1 mAChR .
During the biogenesis of ribosomes two adjacent adenosines of small subunit rRNA are converted into N6, N6 dimethyladenosines by a universally conserved group of orthologous methyltransferases. KsgA confers sensitivity to the antibiotic kasugamycin by directly methylating 16S rRNA; cells that lack active KsgA are resistant to the same antibiotic. Remarkably, the KsgA/Dim1 family is one of only about 50 factors conserved in all life, thus implicating it as a member of the last universal common ancestor , perhaps the only ribosome biogenesis factor with this distinction.
Humans are often required to listen to simple auditory verbal commands, understand the meaning of these commands, make a relevant decision, and respond by moving their fingers. Examples include a junior surgeon operating under supervision of a senior surgeon or an individual sharing an elevator with others. Previous studies using functional magnetic resonance imaging  have suggested that external auditory verbal stimuli are processed in bilateral superior temporal gyri but predominantly on the left side in approximately 95% of right handed healthy individuals  and approximately 80% of left handed .
Neurons that secrete dopamine  are associated with a number of prevalent neurological disorders, including Parkinson's disease . However, relatively little is known regarding cellular mechanisms that regulate the exocytosis of these synaptic vesicles  in DA neurons at the level of individual synapses . Synaptic transmission is an innately unreliable process, in that each action potential does not always result in neurotransmitter release .
Human stem cell derived neurons present both a model system for the study of functional neural development and plasticity  as well as a viable source of therapeutically relevant cells for replacement following neurodegeneration . Toward these ends, traditional stimulation and recording techniques have demonstrated many basic physiological capabilities of these neurons including voltage gated currents, action potential  generation, and synaptic activity . Furthermore, multiple reports have provided evidence that stem cell derived neurons can receive information from host cells.
Genetic characterization of sensitivity to targeted anticancer therapies has led to improvements in patient selection and treatment of multiple tumor types, including lung adenocarcinoma, colorectal adenocarcinoma, breast adenocarcinoma, and melanoma. Identification of patients with exquisite sensitivity and/or durable responses to targeted therapies  so called “exceptional responders”  may lead to improved patient selection and allow for more rational treatment designs . Single agent therapy for cancer only rarely results in durable disease control.
The Gambia is located in the western region of sub Saharan Africa. This attraction has negative consequences for importing HIV from other countries into The Gambia. The HIV prevalence rate ranges from 12.9%.
The discovery of molecules acting as CB1 receptor allosteric modulators  has fueled interest in developing novel therapeutic agents that elicit minimal cannabimimetic side effects associated with orthosteric CB1 agonists and antagonists . Org27569, the most widely investigated CB1 AM, possesses an unusual pharmacological profile. It increases the binding affinity of CP55,940, a potent and efficacious orthosteric CB1 agonist, but abates receptor responses in functional assays, including CP55,940 stimulated GTPγS binding, contractions of mouse vas deferens, agonist induced inhibition of cAMP production, and β arrestin recruitment assays .
Apolipoprotein E  is the primary apolipoprotein synthesized in the brain in response to injury, where it functions via antioxidant, anti inflammatory, anti excitotoxic, and neurotrophic mechanisms . However, the large ApoE protein has been shown to not cross the bloodbrain barrier . The development of COG133, which corresponds to residues 133149 from the entire ApoE protein, allows for brain penetration .
Systemic lupus erythematosus is a complex autoimmune disease characterized by autoantibody production and tissue inflammation . Kidney damage through glomerular inflammation in response to immune complexes and mononuclear cell infiltration of the interstitial and perivascular areas is associated with significant morbidity . Similarly, MRL/MpJ Faslpr/lpr  female mice, a model for SLE, develop systemic autoimmunity 10 to 12 weeks after birth characterized by autoantibody production, and T cell driven lymphadenopathy.
Mutation of the p53 tumor suppressor gene is one of the most frequent genetic alterations in human tumors and poses as a critical event in tumorigenesis, impacting upon tumor development, progression, and responsiveness to therapy. Approximately 50% of human cancers have p53 loss of function mutation . Furthermore, mouse embryo fibroblasts from the mutant mice homozygous in R172H displayed enhanced cell proliferation, DNA synthesis, and transformation potential .
It has been widely recognized that gene gene interaction is likely to have an important role in the variation of quantitative traits for complex disease. Most ongoing genetic studies focus on the identification of single gene effects and do not attempt to identify more complex genetic interactions. Unfortunately, it is quite possible that some important genetic effects may be missed because they do not have a main effect that can be identified; rather the effect of the gene may only be observed when modeled as an interaction with the other relevant genes.
Eosinophilic esophagitis  has emerged in the last two decades as a significant esophageal disorder affecting all age groups . Eosinophils are derived from CD 34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells in the bone marrow and are found mainly in circulation rather than in peripheral tissues. This suggests that factors other than the Th2 cytokine IL 5 may also contribute to this infiltration process .
Fish borne trematodiasis is becoming increasingly recognized as a serious public health problem in Southeast Asia. This liver fluke is most commonly found in Southeast Asia . An estimated 9 million people are infected in Thailand with the region of highest endemicity being in the north and northeast .
Cardiac ischemia leads to declines in mitochondrial respiratory function that can be exacerbated upon reperfusion . Although mechanisms by which these events occur have yet to be fully defined, a likely consequence would be an increase in free radical production. In striking contrast to prolonged ischemia, short and repeated bouts of ischemia, termed ischemic preconditioning , are known to protect from various indices of damage evident upon subsequent extended durations of ischemia/reperfusion  .
Suture anchors are designed to fix soft tissues, such as tendons and ligaments, to bone. In one study of rotator cuff repair, failure occurred in 10% of 80 cases as a result of anchor loosening or migrating. In a cost effectiveness study, the average rotator cuff repair had a total cost of $10,605 for hospital and physician costs.
Chronic pain is estimated to affect millions of people world wide and is one of the most common reasons for physician visits . Nociception is the neural processes of encoding and processing noxious stimuli. The stimulated nociceptors transmit signals, via the dorsal horn of the spinal cord to the brainstem, midbrain and cerebral cortex.
The melanocortin 4 receptor  is a major regulator of food intake, body weight and glucose homeostasis . Likewise, MC4R induced food suppression is associated with accelerated meal termination . Conversely, mice lacking MC4R show hyperphagia, with larger meals and reduced sensitivity to the satiety factor cholecystokinin   .
Activation of the PI3K pathway by growth factor receptors is one of the major signaling events leading to growth, proliferation and anti apoptosis. PI3K activation results in an increase of the lipid phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5 triphosphate, which recruits lipid binding domain containing kinases PDK1 and AKT to the membrane . PTEN is a lipid phosphatase and a major negative regulator of the PI3K pathway .
Despite the presence of a competent immune system, tumor cells may elude detection from host immune surveillance through a process of cancer immune editing. In this process, elimination of tumor cells sensitive to host immune attack leads to the selection and survival of immune resistant cancer cells. For this reason, immune based strategies can engender an initial response, but recurrences are common as immune resistant tumor cell variants develop under immunoselective pressure.
In 2009, an estimated 192,280 women will be diagnosed with invasive breast cancer and an additional 62,280 women had in situ disease . There are six qualitative studies of spouses’ reported concerns about their wife’s breast cancer but the majority of these studies involve spouses of women diagnosed 1.5 2.5 years prior or are limited to very specific experiences, e.g., the spouse’s response to the surgical scar . Spouses talked about their difficulty in waiting for test results and waiting for surgery to be over .
Among men, prostate cancer is the most common malignancy and second leading cause of cancer deaths . It also is a cancer associated with racial disparities. Prostate cancer incidence is approximately 1.6 times greater and prostate cancer mortality about 2.4 times greater for black men than for white men .
Obesity is one of the great global public health challenges of our times. Excess adiposity is associated with an increased risk for metabolic consequences such as hypertension and dyslipidemia and it contributes to the risk of diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease  as well as mortality . In addition, obesity carries an increased risk of arthritis and reduces functional capacity  .
BRCA1 is a tumour suppressor protein which functions to preserve genomic stability by regulating key cellular processes including homologous recombination  mediated DNA repair, cell cycle checkpoint control, transcriptional regulation, chromatin remodelling and post replicative repair . Indeed, germ line mutations in a single BRCA1 allele confer a lifetime risk of up to 90% of developing breast cancer and 30 40% of ovarian cancer  . Furthermore, pregnancy increases the risk of early onset breast cancer in BRCA1 mutation carriers, in contrast to non carriers for whom pregnancy is protective .
Hallux valgus is a common structural foot deformity in which the angular deviation of the hallux is greater than 15 degrees toward the lesser toes with respect to the 1st metatarsal bone, and appears as a medial bony enlargement of the 1st metatarsal head. Coughlin believes that genetic factors are very important given the familial patterns of foot structure in general,. In addition, research from over 40 years ago reported that the prevalence of hallux valgus was much higher in persons wearing shoes than those with unshod feet,, and current research suggests the potential role of shoe types in the development of hallux valgus .
Survival rates from cancer drop precipitously once a tumor achieves the ability to metastasize. Thus, it is critical to understand the mechanisms that control the early cellular and molecular events within the complex tumor microenvironment that lead to metastasis. It is well established that tumors require neovascularization for continued tumor growth.
Among the many different forms of drug abuse, cocaine addiction is the most common cause of drug related death and drug associated visits to emergency rooms of US hospitals. Although the global consumption of cocaine is declining, 2.3 million people in the United States are current cocaine users. Cocaine abuse leads to multiple serious medical complications including stroke, seizure, cerebral infarction, cerebral atrophy, arrhythmias, tachycardia, hypertension, and cardiomyopathy.
During exercise and stress, β adrenergic receptors stimulation causes an increase in cardiac output to meet the demands of the body. Cardiomyocyte contractility is increased by PKA mediated phosphorylation of proteins involved in calcium handling and myofilament proteins. In cardiac disease, the β adrenergic receptor pathway is chronically over stimulated to maintain cardiac output.
Mutated and constitutively activated forms of the small GTPase Ras are found in nearly one third of all human cancers . Recruiting RalGEFs to their substrates, the Ras like GTPases RalA and RalB, converts Rals from an inactive GDP bound state to an active GTP bound state . Ral activation is necessary for oncogenic Ras mediated transformation of a broad variety of human cell types .
Staphylococcus aureus is a major cause of hospital acquired infections. The increasing frequency of infections caused by methicillin resistant S. aureus  is of particular concern, especially in the United States where the prevalence is more than 55% in the intensive care unit. MRSA has also become an established community acquired infection among patients without established risk factors; .
The osteochondrodysplasias are a heterogenous group of over 350 disorders of skeletogenesis . They have been defined by employing a combination of clinical, radiographic, histopathologic, and molecular genetic criteria . These disorders can be inherited as autosomal dominant, autosomal recessive or X linked disorders and teratogen exposure, maternal lupus and uniparental disomy can produce phenocopies of skeletal dysplasias .
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States, and it has been estimated that nearly 1.6 million new cases would be diagnosed in 2011 . The drugs of first choice for some cancers depend on the hormone receptor status of the tumor cells or on the expression of a specific drug target. However, in the absence of such specific cellular determinants, cytotoxic chemotherapy is often required.
Factor IXa  is a vitamin K dependent coagulation serine protease, which upon binding to the non enzymatic cofactor, factor VIIIa, on membrane surfaces in the presence of Ca2+ forms the intrinsic Xase complex and rapidly activates factor X to factor Xa  during the blood coagulation process . Anticoagulation therapy with heparin and oral vitamin K antagonists is currently the mainstay of treatment and prevention of thrombosis . In this context, it has been proposed that targeting the intrinsic pathway of coagulation would be advantageous for treating thromboembolic diseases  .
Many of the most potent drugs and drug candidates are not water soluble. 1μg/mL remains a major challenge in drug delivery . The clinical alternative Abraxane® shows significant enhancement in this respect, however, still only approx.
Situated at the interface between the organism and the environment, peripheral sensory organs must maintain defensive barriers to protect from external injury and support immune surveillance. Prolonged inflammatory responses in nasal airways occurring in the context of rhinosinusitis may encompass olfactory epithelium  regions and result in permanent sensory deficits . Although the OE displays remarkable plasticity and capacity to recover after injury , chronic inflammation significantly compromises olfactory function.
Many traditional medicines have been used for thousands of years, and although they are safe and affordable, neither the active components nor the mechanisms of action are understood. Moreover, as many as 70% of all drugs approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in the past 25 years have been based on natural products. It was found to have anticancer activity against a wide variety of tumor cells, including colon cancer , leukemia , myeloid cancer , and liver cancer , and to inhibit phorbol ester induced Epstein Barr virus activation .
In 2005, Hunter and Yotsuyanagi suggested that greater attention to the specific anatomy of the ear might aid in the diagnosis of certain syndromes. At that time, a group of dysmorphologists/medical geneticists began an effort to standardize the description of clinical morphology and the respective terminology used to report syndromes and dysmorphic signs; so called dysmorphic features. That work, included one paper dedicated to the external ear .
In 2011, there were an estimated 8.7 million newly infected cases of tuberculosis  worldwide and 1.4 million deaths attributed to TB . The appearance and spread of forms of Mycobacterium tuberculosis that are resistant to drugs in the standardised TB treatment regimen are threats to effective TB control. Global estimates indicate that 3.7% of new TB cases and 20% of previously treated TB cases have MDR TB , but these averages mask substantial geographical heterogeneity in risk.
In Kilifi, Kenya, community acquired bacteraemia is responsible for at least a third of all hospital deaths in infants and a quarter of deaths in children aged ≥1 year; Streptococcus pneumoniae is the commonest invasive isolate . Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine was efficacious in two populations studied in Africa  and there is growing international pressure to introduce this vaccine in developing countries  . Among unvaccinated individuals it reduces the incidence of invasive disease cause by serotypes in the vaccine  and among vaccinated individuals it facilitates colonization and disease by serotypes not included in the vaccine .
Concern is mounting that a family of chemicals, the phthalate diesters, may pose human health risks based on numerous animal studies and a limited number of observational studies in humans. Among the reported human associations with phthalate exposure are increased waist circumference and insulin resistance ; DNA damage in human sperm ; semen quality ; and decreased anogenital distance in male infants . The observed risks are generally presumed to be related to the endocrine altering properties of these chemicals, although the exact nature of the hormonal effects may be in part dependent on exposure dose.
Most xenobiotics are transferred into milk by passive diffusion and the extent of their accumulation in milk ) can be predicted by in vitro measurements of drug binding and ionization in milk and serum as well as lipid partitioning into milk . Such an approach successfully predicted the M/S for a number of drugs ; however, this approach was unable to estimate the large M/S observed for drugs like nitrofurantoin . The transport of nitrofurantoin across a murine mammary epithelial cell culture model has been shown to be saturable and sodium dependent in the basal to apical direction .
The use of aptamers as the affinity component in assays and sensors is beginning to rival antibodies for these applications. , A primary reason for this is that once the DNA or RNA sequence of an aptamer is known for a protein or other target molecule, it can be produced using automated synthetic approaches which may reduce cost and reliance on animal sources. In general, the surface density of receptors and their ligand capture efficiency are two of the most important factors that determine the sensitivity of the receptor immobilized surface.
Immunoglobulin A  nephropathy is defined as the predominant deposition of IgA in the glomerular mesangium. Worldwide, IgA nephropathy is recognized as the most common primary glomerulopathy. In previous clinical studies, we demonstrated that the immunoreactivity of intrarenal angiotensinogen  and angiotensin  II is significantly higher in kidneys of IgA nephropathy patients than in surgically resected normal kidneys.
Familial Hypercholesterolemia  is an autosomal co dominant disorder characterized by absence of the receptor for low density lipoproteins ; a single chain glycoprotein containing 839 amino acids in its mature form. Current treatment options for hoFH include treatment with cholesterol lowering drugs, LDL apheresis, and orthotopic liver transplantation, all of which have substantial limitations . Recently, we have demonstrated the effectiveness of AAV mediated gene therapy in correcting serum cholesterol levels in humanized mouse models of FH.
Cinnamaldehyde  is a pungent chemical from cinnamon that acts as an agonist of the thermosensitive TRP  ion channel TRPA1 that was originally reported to be activated by cold temperatures below 18°C . Topical application of CA or AITC elicits a burning sensation and heat hyperalgesia in humans  and enhances responses of rat spinal and trigeminal subnucleus caudalis  dorsal horn neurons to noxious heat . The role of TRPA1 in cold pain is more controversial, with discrepant reports that TRPA1 does  or does not respond to intense cooling .
Despite ground breaking advances in the field of prokaryotic biology, there are many unanswered questions left to be studied. Many of these questions require the assembly of high quality bacterial genome sequences. Pacific Biosciences  has developed instrumentation that creates unprecedented read lengths of up to 20,000 bp with a 99.9% accuracy rate.
Pain management following major intracranial surgery is often limited by a presumed lack of need and a concern that opioids will adversely affect postoperative outcome and interfere with the neurologic examination. Nevertheless, evidence in adults is accumulating that these patients suffer moderate to severe pain and this pain is often under treated. The purpose of this prospective, clinical observational cohort study was to assess the incidence of pain, prescribed analgesics, methods of analgesic delivery, and patient/parent satisfaction in pediatric patients undergoing cranial surgery at 3 major university children’s hospitals .
Owing to typical resource constraints for exposure assessment, information on characteristics of personal exposure to particulate matter  remains sparse. conducted field studies of human exposure that examined the relationships between ambient air PM mass concentrations and total personal PM exposures, but little is known about exposure to PM components. Central monitoring site  data are now available for the concentrations of PM2.5 components on a 1 in 3 or 1 in 6 day basis, but not for components of PM10 or PM102.5.
Ulcerative colitis  and Crohn’s disease  are the two major forms of inflammatory bowel disease  and are characterized by non specific chronic inflammation and intestinal tissue damage. In inflamed intestine, healing of the damaged wall requires reconstruction of the tissue framework and remodeling of extracellular matrix  components. However, deposition of excessive collagen which is one of the major components of the ECM, may result in fibrosis.
Hip fractures contribute the greatest to morbidity and mortality among all osteoporotic fractures. It is estimated that 1 in 6 white women will have a hip fracture in their lifetime. The inflammation hypothesis of aging suggests that inflammation plays a major role in the aging process through an increase in vascular permeability, tissue damage, and cell death.
Colorectal cancer is an enormous problem within the United States, with an estimated 148,000 new cases diagnosed and almost 50,000 deaths in 2008 alone . Of patients diagnosed with colorectal cancer, the majority will at some time during the course of the disease develop distant metastases . While fluorouracil/leucovorin therapy was formerly the standard treatment regimen, advances made within the last decade have added the topoisomerase I inhibitor irinotecan  and the alkylating agent oxaliplatin  to combination therapy protocols .
In the mammalian fetus, there is rapid proliferation in many tissues, driving rapid organ growth and consequently rapid growth in overall body size. However, postnatally, this rapid growth slows progressively, causing body size eventually to plateau in adulthood. In the human, but not in most other mammals, this pattern of deceleration is transiently interrupted by the pubertal growth spurt, when the linear growth rate increases temporarily to approximately 10 cm/year, but then the overall decline resumes, until linear growth ceases by mid to late adolescence.
The blood brain barrier  is a specialized physical and functional barrier comprised of cerebral endothelial cells with intercellular tight junctions, cell cell signaling with astrocyte end feet, and efflux pumps in their apical membranes . Studies in experimental animals show that in healthy brain tissue with a fully functional BBB, trans endothelial permeability is exceedingly low and that there is minimal passive extravasation of plasma proteins, inorganic solutes or even water molecules . Several lines of evidence suggest imperfect BBB function in human brain tissue that may be limited in duration and location.
Thyroid hormone is essential for fetal development, regulates neurodevelopment and is critical for brain maturation. Neonatal thyroid stimulating hormone , a hormone that stimulates the production of thyroid hormones, is highly variable among preterm infants and when measured 13 days after birth is significantly lower in preterm compared to term neonates . Associations between maternal and infant factors and TSH levels have generally been explored in the context of newborn screening programs but understanding the TSH variability in preterm infants also has implications for thyroid complications later in life as TSH, measured at birth is a highly heritable trait  .
Instability can be missed in monitored patients. One contributing factor is alarm fatigue when false alarms originating from monitoring artifact desensitizes clinicians to real alarms. Based on our clinical observation, we hypothesized that artifact is not random, but for each monitored parameter manifests in a small subset of patterns .
Candida species are a prevalent cause of invasive fungal infections, currently the fourth leading organism in hospital acquired bloodstream infections in the United States . Candida parapsilosis has been considered a less virulent species and historically has been associated with a small proportion of bloodstream infections. However, this organism has increased in prevalence in recent years.
Porcine embryos secrete enhanced levels of estrogens, mainly estradiol 17β  between days 10 and 13 after fertilization, just before implantation in the process of the maternal recognition of pregnancy . It has been demonstrated that systemic estrogen administration between days 11 and 13 of the estrous cycle prevents corpus luteum  regression and extends this gland life span in the pig . The action of estrogens may be luteoprotective and antiluteolytic  .
The addition of oxygen to polyunsaturated fatty acids produces an array of bioactive compounds referred to here as oxylipins. Many of these compounds are mediators of vascular homeostasis and inflammation when produced within the proper physiological and anatomical context. While these compounds appear in the circulation as both free and esterified products , little is known about their availability to tissues in vivo, and they are generally believed to have only autocrine and paracrine effects .
Routine epidemiologic surveillance of HIV and other sexually transmitted infections  is a central component of public health efforts to control the spread of infection. Alternative sampling methods, including time space sampling  and respondent driven sampling  have been suggested as potential epidemiologic surveillance tools for MSM/TW in Latin America, but have not been thoroughly evaluated for use in this context. Barriers to use of TSS for surveillance have been both practical, due to the high cost and infrastructure requirements of TSS, and methodological, including the substantial design effect requiring the enrollment of a large number of subjects in comparison to simple random sampling in order to obtain accurate and precise estimates .
Melanoma is the most aggressive and metastatic form of skin cancer . Most deaths occur from disseminated, therapy resistant tumors disrupting major organ function . While extravasation is crucial for metastases, mechanisms regulating this complex process remain to be fully elucidated  .
Using data from a community wide surveillance study of patients hospitalized with acute myocardial infarction  in a large central New England community, we examined 2 decade long trends  in duration of pre hospital delay, the relation between time to hospital presentation and several patient associated characteristics, and the association between extent of pre hospital delay and hospital receipt and timing of various coronary reperfusion interventions. The study population consisted of 5,967 residents of the Worcester, Massachusetts, metropolitan area hospitalized with AMI in all area medical centers in 11 annual periods between 1986 and 2005 in whom information about time of acute symptom onset and hospital arrival was available based on the review of hospital medical records . Data for this study were derived from the Worcester Heart Attack Study.
Thyrotropin releasing hormone  is a tripeptide agonist that initiates its effects by activating two G protein coupled receptors, TRH receptor type 1  and TRH receptor type 2   for review). Activation of these receptors appears to initiate a number of effects within the central nervous system. TRH receptors are expressed in the anterior pituitary and respond to hypothalamic TRH by activating the hypothalamic pituitary thyroid  axis and consequently regulating metabolism.
In eukaryotic organisms, developmental processes are often characterized by the regulation of the actin cytoskeleton and associated cell adhesion molecules . It is important for the integration and processing of adhesion and signal transduction . It is speculated that these proteins probably use paxillin both as a substrate and as a scaffold protein to disrupt and even bypass the normal adhesion and growth factor signaling cascades necessary for controlled cell proliferation .
Injection drug users and their sexual partners are at great risk of contracting and spreading human immunodeficiency virus . Drug abuse treatment, and especially methadone maintenance , is highly effective in decreasing opioid use. Up to 50% of MM patients abuse cocaine,, and cocaine use in MM patients is related to increased HIV risk taking behaviors.
NKT cells are a unique population of T cells, and most of these cells express the NK cell receptor, NK1.1. For that reason, they are called NKT cells. The stage I and II iNKT cells are immature iNKT cells and the stage III are mature iNKT cells.
Breast cancer affects thousands of families each year worldwide. Nearly 40,000 women succumb to this disease every year in the United States alone . Phytochemicals derived from edible and medicinal plants are attractive for chemoprevention of breast and other cancers because of their efficacy in preclinical models and favorable safety profile .
Cardiovascular disease  rates tend to rise with age in most populations, although the age association of CVD varies across countries and has changed overtime  . It is believed that this association is partly because major CVD risk factors including blood pressure, cholesterol, and diabetes rise with age, and possibly due to the accumulation of risk factor effects over life course . Despite this commonly held view, some studies have found that populations with low CVD risk, e.g. some rural populations in developing countries, have attenuated age gradients of blood pressure and cholesterol compared to urban and industrialized populations, attributed partly to lower consumption of salt and animal products and lower body mass index   .
Adenoid cystic carcinoma  is a malignant epithelial glandular type neoplasia, characterized by neural infiltration, rich in angiogenesis, high incidence of distant metastasis and poor long term survival rates . To date, no systematic and effective strategy for improving the treatment of ACC is available. Understanding the molecular mechanism underlying the aggressive growth of ACC will benefit the personalized and molecular target therapy  .
Angiogenesis plays an important role in the growth and spread of cancer. Among the wide array of angiogenic factors described, VEGF  is one of the most potent having key functions in the physiologic and pathophysiologic regulation of endothelial cell  growth and vascular permeability . VEGF A will be the primary focus of this study and hereafter will be referred to as VEGF.
Over one million meniscal surgeries are performed annually in the United States, making it one of the most commonly performed orthopaedic procedures. For severe tears or degenerated menisci, total meniscectomy was historically performed, following which progressive cartilage loss and eventual joint degeneration was seen. It has been postulated that cartilage damage after total meniscectomy was caused in part by alterations in joint mechanics, specifically increased contact stresses, decreased contact area, and decreased joint stability.
Broad biomedical applications of nuclear magnetic resonance, NMR and magnetic resonance imaging, MRI, are possible due to the existence of endogenous NMR sensitive nuclei, with concentrations up to 110 M in the case of water protons. MRI has found numerous clinical applications but still suffers from limited functional resolution. On the other hand, electron paramagnetic resonance, EPR, has the unique advantage over NMR in functional specificity due to the absence of overlap with endogenous EPR signals, and has greater sensitivity for the same probe concentration due to the 658 times larger magnetic moment of the electron compared with that of the proton.
Porous Silicon  based nanostructured materials are widely studied for use in biomedical applications based on their biodegradability in the physiological environment as well as readily modified physico chemical and biophysical properties, including surface functionalization, size, shape and porosity . Various pSi based platforms are under development for applications such as biomolecular screening,  optical biosensing,  drug delivery through injectable carriers,  implantable devices,  and orally administered medications with improved bioavailability . For drug delivery application, biocompatibility presents one of the most important requirements.
Sentinel lymph node biopsy  remains the standard of care for the assessment of clinically negative axillary lymph nodes in patients with invasive breast carcinomas . Accurate diagnosis of a SLNB can direct the surgeon with regards to the need for axillary dissection , as well as affecting post operative treatment decisions including radiation therapy . Although the American Society of Clinical Oncology guidelines recommend paraffin embedding of lymph nodes with standard hematoxylin and eosin staining , surgeons often request intraoperative assessment of SLNB to guide further treatment decisions while still in the operating suite .
The potential for progenitor driven hepatic and/or pancreatic organ regeneration is of significant interest for regenerative medicine. Expression of the Rspondin receptor Lgr5 and activation of the Wnt signaling pathway have been shown to be useful epithelial stem cell markers in these tissues . Although Lgr5 is not expressed in uninjured adult liver or pancreas, expression of this marker has been shown to be induced following tissue damage .
It is now well established that psychosocial interventions can improve the quality of life  of cancer patients, especially during active treatment . While many early stage patients adjust quite well to cancer post treatment, significant psychosocial problems can also occur during this period, including feelings and concerns related to uncertainty, isolation and vulnerability, as well as overt manifestations of distress, depression and sexual dysfunction . Despite these significant psychosocial sequelae, and in sharp contrast to the robust body of intervention research that has targeted cancer patients during treatment, there has been much less research focusing on cancer patients at this re entry transition post treatment  .
Down Syndrome  is the most common genetic cause of intellectual disability caused by the triplication of human chromosome 21 . The mutation results in congenital neuropathologies including hypoplasia and reduced brain volumes  that contributes to diminished brain function in DS individuals . Both postnatal  and adult generated progenitor cells ultimately differentiate into functional neurons important for many cognitive processes .
Animal models offer valuable opportunities to test therapeutic interventions and management regimens; each model having its own strengths and weaknesses. The histopathological changes of chronic tissue hypoxia and hemolytic anemia in the Berkeley model include infarcts and siderosis in spleen, kidneys, and liver, as well as, splenomegaly secondary to exuberant hematopoiesis . Sickle hemoglobin crystallizes during conditions of hypoxemia, leading to defective erythrocytes that are fragile and easily lysed.
Src is a ubiquitously expressed non receptor tyrosine kinase belonging to the Src family of protein tyrosine kinases . Signaling molecules containing redox sensitive moieties such as cysteine, which readily reacts with electrophiles, have been found to be potential targets of regulation through redox mechanisms. Purified Src is activated in vitro through either oxidation or alkylation of two cysteine  residues on the protein .
Although articular cartilage has a complex, highly organized structure responsible for its important function, it lacks an intrinsic capability to repair itself and is difficult to fully regenerate with current treatments . Recently, tissue engineering strategies combining cells, scaffolds and bioactive factors have been investigated for the replacement of structural and functional aspects of native cartilage , . Numerous studies have demonstrated the successful transplantation of autologous MSCs for bone and cartilage tissue engineering   .
Analytical ultracentrifugation  is one of the classical biophysical methods for the study of macromolecular size and shape, their interactions, and size distribution in free solution . Accurate knowledge of the solution temperature is critical for an absolute determination of these hydrodynamic parameters, mainly due to the strongly temperature dependent viscosity of water. These include devices based on calibrated thermocouples , methods based on the observation of the melting point of solids , radiometers , and thermochromic solutions .
Despite the development of new antiepileptic drugs  during recent years, epilepsy  affecting more than 60 million patients worldwide   continues to be a major health problem,  due to pharmacoresistance or intolerable side effects in more than one third of patients , and  due to the limitations of current AEDs to prevent the development of epilepsy  or to modify the progression of epilepsy . Therefore, therapeutic alternatives are urgently needed. Thus, cell and gene therapies, have been explored with the aim to affect epilepsy on a local level .
Whole genome and exome sequencings  are effective in identifying disease associated variants for both rare and common diseases  and are being deployed in clinical practice . The comparison of sequencing platforms and library preparation methods showed significant bias , and alignment and variant calling procedures result in false positives and false negatives as well . Moreover, erroneous annotations, incorrect penetrance estimates, and multiple hypothesis testing could result in additional incidental findings  .
  The study was conducted in a misdemeanor drug court located in the city of Wilmington, DE. The urine screens are performed by an independent certified laboratory using the enzyme multiplied immunoassay technique  with gas chromatography/mass spectrometry  confirmation of positive results on a six panel screen for cannabis, alcohol, opiates, amphetamines, cocaine, and phencyclidine  plus any additional substances believed to be used by the individual . Consenting participants were randomly assigned at entry to drug court as usual  or to the adaptive intervention  depicted in .
Formaldehyde  is a ubiquitous pollutant to which humans are chronically exposed via different routes. This chemical is also present in various forms of life, including humans . Commercially, it is widely employed in the production of resins containing urea, phenol, melamine and, in a smaller extent, their derivatives.
Sarcoidosis is a chronic, progressive, multisystemic condition of unknown etiology that can involve pulmonary, cutaneous, and ocular systems. , Although its mortality rate is low, the chronic nature of the disease can be disabling both physically and mentally, especially to those with extrapulmonary involvement. , Current therapeutic regimens for sarcoidosis include various immunosuppressive agents that may alter the course of the disease and improve health outcomes but they carry significant side effects that may affect patients’ daily activities and quality of life.
Agonistic behavior includes all behaviors that are exhibited during social conflict, including aggressive, submissive/defensive and communicative  behaviors. Conversely, agonistic behavior has been widely studied in both male and female Syrian hamsters, as both display high levels of aggressive behaviors in the laboratory  . For example, body weight, environment and gonadal hormones are key predictors of success during agonistic interactions.
Severe sepsis is a common medical condition characterized by a systemic inflammatory response that results from a harmful or damaging host response to infection that leads to multiple organ failure and death . Macrophages are innate immune effector cells that are essential for generating beneficial inflammation that is necessary for pulmonary antibacterial host defence . Activation of macrophages is dependent on the toll like receptor signalling pathway  which engages transcriptional regulators to induce pro inflammatory genes for antimicrobial activity .
Proteins embedded within the extracellular matrix  impact nearly all biological functions . Outside of the nervous system, major constituents of the ECM include laminins, fibrillar and non fibrillar collagens, nidogens, fibronectins, tenascins, and proteoglycans . However, despite early reports of ECM in brain neuropil, its presence and function in mammalian brain development and function remained controversial until only recently .
Institutional rearing is characterized by multiple, rotating caregivers, unfavorable child to caregiver ratios, and limited social, cognitive, and language stimulation . In rodent models maternal deprivation was associated with altered prefrontal dendritic growth . In addition, our previous results have demonstrated decreased gray matter volume in children with a history of institutionalization .
The effects of prenatal care utilization on birth outcomes such as birth weight are commonly analyzed in order to evaluate the potential that changing utilization rates would have on improving birth outcomes. Mixed results have also been reported for number of prenatal care visits, with estimates between 1 to 45 gm per visit  . Econometric studies that clearly account for self selection in prenatal care have been rare for less developed countries, including countries in South America.
Mass spectrometry is a widely used technique for protein characterization in complex biological samples. In this approach, protein complexes are isolated using cryogenic cell lysis and antibody based affinity enrichment on magnetic beads . Yet, robust and informative MSn analyses of singly charged ions remain a challenge.
Biological monitoring  has the ability to integrate total chemical exposure to assess human dosimetry . This includes exposure from multiple sources  and multiple routes of intake . Likewise, biomonitoring can be exploited to distinguish between internal  from potential exposure.
A decline in many cognitive abilities accompanies aging in humans. Numerous studies have reported an improvement in cognitive performance of women receiving hormone treatment . For example, hormone treatment enhances measures of verbal memory and improves performance on tasks of spatial and verbal working memory .
An estimated 80% of the 250,000 children diagnosed with cancer each year die without even rudimentary cancer treatment or pain relief. The World Health Organization  calls palliative care a human right and has proposed a comprehensive agenda for national policy, education, public awareness, morphine availability, and palliation standards. While paediatric palliative care programs are increasingly common in resource rich countries, there is little information about their availability and quality in middle  and low income countries.
Probiotics are viable nonpathogenic microorganisms that, when supplied in adequate amounts, confer health benefits to hosts . Several studies on probiotic bacterial treatments demonstrated promising results in ameliorating diseases, including inflammatory bowel disease, irritable bowel syndrome , pouchitis , and acute infantile or antibiotic associated diarrhea . Although little is known about their mechanisms of action, probiotics have protective, trophic, and antiinflammatory effects on bowel mucosa .
The pathogenic Neisseria species consist of N. meningitidis, which causes bacterial meningitis and sepsis, and N. gonorrhoeae, the causative agent of the sexually transmitted disease gonorrhoea. Currently there is no vaccine to prevent infection by N. gonorrhoeae, and there are now reports of N. gonorrhoeae strains that are resistant to the last remaining first line treatment option for gonorrhea, the third generation cephalosporin ceftriaxone , highlighting the pressing need for the development of gonoccocal vaccines . In recent studies, we have identified an additional outer membrane glycoprotein in pathogenic Neisseria, the copper containing nitrite reductase AniA, formerly known as Pan 1 , that is glycosylated in its C terminal region by the pgl pathway .
Overall cure rates for newly diagnosed children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia  approach 80%  with currently available therapies. However, even with risk stratified and more intensive frontline therapy, 20 25% of children with ALL still relapse, accounting for a large number of pediatric cancer patients. Survival after a bone marrow  relapse is worse than after an extramedullary  event, and the worst outcomes are significantly associated with earlier relapse while on therapy.
Drugs that prolong the QT interval on the electrocardiogram present a major safety concern for pharmaceutical companies and regulatory agencies. Despite a range of assays performed to assess compound effects on the QT interval, QT prolongation remains a major cause of attrition during compound development. In silico assays could alleviate such problems.
In conventional MRI, gradient magnetic fields have linear spatial variations , which allows the excitation process to be expressed as a Fourier transform if the flip angle is small , or as a set of small flip angle pulses applied in succession if the flip angle is large . Nonlinear gradient fields  have attracted increased attention in the recent years due to the advantages they offer including spatially varying resolution , faster data acquisition , reduced radiofrequency power/specific absorption rate  , reduced field of view  imaging , imaging curved slices  and inhomogeneity correction . However, the distinctive characteristics of the spatial encoding functions  generated using NLGFs require adjustment of the well known excitation and encoding equations such as using coordinate transformations  or iterative algorithms applied on predefined k space trajectories  .
Persons with pain engage in a number of health behaviors to manage pain. These include a formal health care visit, prescription and over the counter  pain medication, and many complementary and alternative treatments. Potentially less adaptive methods of coping with pain, such as use of alcohol, are poorly studied.
In order for chemotherapy to be effective, chemotherapeutic agents must be active against cancer cells while having minimal toxic effects on healthy cells, tissues and organs. Once carriers loaded with anticancer agents are systemically introduced, their uptake by the reticuloendothelial system  must be minimized. However, this approach is seldom used because of the toxicity of Pgp inhibitors against healthy cells  and the reduced systemic clearance of anticancer drug by Pgp inhibitors, leading to adverse effects related to the anticancer drugs.
In the last two decades there have been marked secular increases in the prevalence of obesity in the majority of countries worldwide . More than 1.1 billion individuals meet current definitions for overweight or obesity  which puts them at increased risk for number of chronic diseases including cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes . In large scale observational studies, the degree of adiposity is typically assessed using the following indicators: waist to hip ratio , waist circumference , or, most commonly, body mass index .
The ability to control neuronal activity both in vitro and in vivo is crucial for the study of nervous system functions. However, electrical excitation methods have a number of drawbacks, including irreversible damage to neuronal cells and their surrounding tissues, limitation to exposed neurons, and limitation to the number of neurons that can be selectively and simultaneously excited. The emergence of laser technologies has provided an energy source with sufficient power density and easy manipulation .
Learning to disregard a conditioned stimulus  that no longer predicts an unconditioned stimulus  is important for adaptive behavior in a changing environment. An observation, made by , that extinguished conditioned responses  can recover is widely interpreted as indicating that extinction does not erase a CSUCS association  but creates a competing CSnoUCS association  . Context appears to be a critical regulatory factor in the expression of this putative competition .
Transient Receptor Potential  proteins form cation selective ion channels that have been implicated in a broad array of functional roles, ranging from sensing temperature, odorants, or osmolarity to transducing responses to neurotransmitters and hormones. The precise mechanism of activation of TRPC channels is not understood . TRPC5 activation by epidermal growth factor in developing neurites requires exocytotic insertion of the channels .
The extensive worldwide exposure to arsenic in drinking water  and the prevalence of serious consequent health effects, emphasize an urgent need to link target tissue doses of active arsenic metabolites to key mechanistic events producing adverse responses . Moreover, arsenite exposure results in generation of reactive oxygen, which has a myriad of downstream effects . In addition to producing skin cancer, inorganic arsenic now is recognized to increase the risk from exposure to sunlight in humans  and in mice , an interaction that may arise through enhanced generation of reactive oxygen from NADPH oxidase and mitochondrial sources  .
In 2010 UNAIDS/WHO reported that some 11·2 % of the South African population was living with HIV  . Following pervasive government denial and weak implementation of programmes, renewed political commitment made that currently voluntary counselling and testing and highly active antiretroviral therapy  are scaled up, as well as access to condoms and expand tuberculosis  control efforts . After the decision in 2003 to provide free public access to HAART coverage increased from 4·9% of those requiring it to 40·2% in 2008 .
Epstein Barr virus is a human γ herpesvirus that persistently infects more than 90% of the adult human population . It causes tumors of epithelial and B cells origin, and readily transforms human B cells in vitro . However, the majority of EBV carriers likely controls their infection with this tumor virus by T cell mediated immune responses.
The Drosophila paradigm for patterning the anterior posterior  axis has provided a touchstone for comparative studies of segmentation in other insects and arthropods . Upon cellularization, these coordinates are integrated into finer scale information by the segment polarity and homeotic  genes, which will specify the A P segment compartment and segment identity, respectively . The unique identities within a segment are then specified by staggered and overlapping pair rule expression .
Merlin is a tumour suppressor whose loss leads to the formation of benign tumours of the nervous system, mainly schwannomas and meningiomas that are also hallmarks of the inherited disease neurofibromatosis type 2 . P21 activated kinase  phosphorylates merlin and is inhibited by merlin in a negative feedback loop. PAK is thus being regarded as potential therapeutic target in NF2 .
Habituation to redundant sensory input, or sensory gating, has been studied utilizing electroencephalography  recordings of a paired click auditory stimulus. Gating is the reduction in amplitude of response to the second click relative to the first click measured as the event related brain potential . These studies are of importance for consistently showing gating deficit in schizophrenia populations .
It is well recognized that exposure to air pollutants can cause the exacerbation of asthma and cardiovascular diseases  and inflammation related processes are known to play a key role in these effects . Consistent with this notion, air pollution particles have been shown to activate Nf κB and up regulate pro inflammatory genes such as eotaxin and interleukins  . Ambient air pollutants contain chemicals present in both the vapor  and particle phases, but most health assessment studies have focused on ambient and exhaust particles.
The magnitude of the static magnetic fields employed in magnetic resonance imaging  has steadily increased in recent years. When positioned at the homogeneous center of the magnetic field, movement of the head  generated mild to severe vertigo . Theoretical models of the mechanisms by which a static magnetic field could interact with the human vestibular system have been proposed  .
Negative mood has been proposed as an important psychological factor in the initiation, maintenance, and relapse of smoking behavior . There is some evidence that direct or anticipatory exposure to stressors  increases urge to smoke and the amount and intensity of smoking . A similar study demonstrated that negative induced mood  increased smoking urge and progressive ratio responding for cigarette puffs compared to positive induced mood  .
Endometrial carcinoma is the most common gynecological cancer in the United States and fourth most common cancer among women, after breast, lung, and colon cancer with 47,130 cases and 8,010 deaths reported in 2012 . There are two distinct types of endometrial cancers based on histological and molecular characteristics. Moreover, development of chemoresistance of endometrial cancer appears after 4 18 months .
Neurotrophic factors have been shown to augment neuronal survival, function and axon growth in numerous animal models of neuronal degeneration and nervous system injury. However, clinical translation of neurotrophic factor therapy has been hampered by the inability of these proteins to traverse the blood brain barrier and reach target areas of the CNS, and by dose limiting adverse effects from broad exposure of non targeted structures in the CNS and PNS . Despite promising results from these trials, regulation of neurotrophin expression or regulated neurotrophin signaling remains highly desirable to optimize the dose of neurotrophin delivered and to increase the safety of growth factor gene therapy .
Cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of death worldwide, accounts for one in three deaths in the United States and is primarily driven by atherosclerosis. Atheroprotective genes or factors that delay the initiation or progression of the atheroma are of great interest for their potential to delay adverse events . We sought to identify novel, potentially atheroprotective genes in a previous study, in which we conducted a transcript screen for alternately regulated genes in human arteries versus veins and other tissues.
Although lipopolysaccharide  induced proinflammatory molecules are indispensable for counteracting the growth and dissemination of gram negative bacteria, overproduction can lead to sepsis syndrome, also known as endotoxin shock. The complex events underlying this phenomenon remain poorly understood, despite a recent resurgence of interest in this effect, which involves multiple downstream effector cells and mechanisms. The occurrence of endotoxin tolerance has been reported in several disease settings, including sepsis, trauma, surgery, and pancreatitis, underlining its clinical significance.
Criminal violence is one of the most burdensome public health issues worldwide, with staggering socio economic repercussions . Among the genes that have been implicated in the predisposition to violence, emerging evidence has highlighted a key role for MAOA, which encodes for monoamine oxidase A. This enzyme serves a primary role in the metabolism of neurotransmitters implicated in the regulation of aggression, such as serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine .
RNA viruses, which have small genomes with limited coding potential, depend on recruited host factors during the replication process. Therefore, virus   host interaction is critical for successful viral infections as well as for triggering anti viral responses in the host. Recent genome wide screens with several RNA viruses revealed rather complex interactions involving several hundred host genes .
Carotid intima media thickness , a validated surrogate measure of cardiovascular risk , is increased in diabetes . Alpha glucosidase inhibitors improve glucose control in part by delaying glucose digestion, thereby allowing better matching of the endogenous insulin response with glucose absorption. This in turn reduces overall glucose variability, which has been linked to overall CVD risk .
Receptor mediated activation of protein kinase Cs  via Gαq and phospholipase C signaling is implicated in myocardial contractile abnormalities, cardiac hypertrophy, and the progression to heart failure , . Of the twelve recognized PKC isoenzymes , myocardium expresses significant amounts of four: two “conventional” isoenzymes  and two “novel” isoemzymes . Walsh and co workers have suggested that oxidative stress can stimulate a pathway to PKC activation that is independent of these receptor coupled signaling events, although specific mechanisms were not identified .
Tympanoplasty and ossiculoplasty, which are widely used to overcome conductive hearing loss due to middle ear pathology, rely on coupling sound pressure in the ear canal to the oval window  of the cochlea. In experiments in the cat, Wever and Lawrence  and Voss et al. These results support the hypothesis that the cochlea responds to a difference in sound pressure between the OW and the RW, or by extension, to a differential sound pressure across the cochlear partition.
More than half of incident cancer cases and two thirds of cancer deaths already occur in developing countries. Though cancer registration is indispensable as an accurate and longitudinal measure of the true burden of disease and thus to inform national cancer control programs,, only 11% of the population in Africa is covered by a cancer registry, and only 1% of African populations are covered by high quality population based cancer registries. Where registration systems do exist in these resource limited settings, major challenges, including the lack of trained personnel, insufficient coordination of reporting sources, and the lack of available census data, threaten the quality and overall effectiveness of the registry., The 2 largest hospitals that diagnose and treat cancer patients in Ghana are the Korle Bu Teaching Hospital  in Accra and the Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital  in Kumasi.
The cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator  is a membrane bound protein composed of 1480 amino acids with a mass of 168,142 Da and 180,000 Da after glycosylation. There are two membrane spanning domains  each comprised of 6 transmembrane helices . NBD1 and NBD2 are thought to act as a heterodimer necessary for the regulation and formation of the chloride channel.
Lung cancer is a major cause of disease burden and loss of life in the United States and worldwide. The American Cancer Society estimates that there will be 215,020 new cases of lung cancer and 161,840 deaths attributed to lung cancer in 2008. There is accumulating evidence that chronic inflammation is involved in the development and progression of cancer .
Perivascular adipose tissue  is a fat depot just beginning to be appreciated for the contributions it makes to vascular function, human health and disease . In large part, these substances appear to inhibit arterial contraction . While studying the role of kynurenines in PVAT induced depression of contraction , we made the novel observation that PVATs in the rat contain substantial concentrations of catecholamines, including dopamine , norepinephrine  and adrenaline .
The JIL 1 tandem kinase in Drosophila localizes specifically to euchromatic interband regions of polytene chromosomes and is the predominant kinase controlling the phosphorylation state of histone H3S10 at interphase . These findings suggested a model where maintenance of histone H3S10 phosphorylation levels at euchromatic chromatin regions is necessary to counteract heterochromatization and gene silencing . Recently, based on analyses of transcriptionally active regions during the heat shock response  an alternative model was proposed where JIL 1 is required for transcription by the RNA polymerase II  machinery .
Spinal cord injury  destroys neural and glial elements and severs the axonal connections between the motor and sensory systems leading to permanent and often devastating loss of function . In recent decades, the therapeutic promise of replacing lost neurons and glia by transplantation has gained significant momentum and even garnered the development of clinical trials . Neural stem and progenitor cells comprise a promising resource for the treatment of traumatic spinal cord injury.
Through the formation of tight junctions joining the endothelial cells of capillaries in the brain, the blood brain barrier  acts to restrict and regulate the exchange of substances between the general circulation and the central nervous system . The leakage rate of contrast agent across the BBB, expressed as the transfer constant Ktrans, can be assessed by fitting a two compartment pharmacokinetic model to the dynamic curve of signal enhancement . One explanation is that the sensitivity of DCE MRI may not be adequate to detect subtle changes in BBB permeability due to insufficient leakage of contrast agent into the interstitial space.
Microphthalmia associated transcription factor , the master regulator of melanocyte differentiation, promotes melanocyte lineage survival and plays a key role in melanoma progression. The role that MITF plays in melanoma has been controversial. In addition, signaling pathways and interactions with other regulatory proteins may regulate MITF activity.
Oxygen homeostasis is vital for proper functioning and fluctuations in oxygen metabolism can have detrimental consequences on biological organisms. Organisms have evolved signaling pathways to deal with oxidative damage to macromolecules, particularly DNA. In response to genotoxic stress, cells initiate growth checkpoints to ensure the maintenance of genome integrity .
The mammalian tachykinin family of neuropeptides that includes substance P, neurokinin A, neurokinin B, neuropeptide K and neuropeptide gamma exert their biological actions through G protein coupled receptors termed neurokinin 1, neurokinin 2, and neurokinin 3  . Activation of NK 3 receptors primarily causes phosphoinositol 4, 5 biphosphate  breakdown into 1,4,5 inositol triphosphate  and diacylglycerol through phospholipase C activation , eventually leading to Ca2+ mobilization and induction of Ca2+ dependent downstream signaling pathways . NK 3 receptors are found peripherally on nerve endings of primary afferent neurons innervating the respiratory, gastrointestinal and urinary tracts , however they are also differentially expressed in the central nervous system.
The prevalence rates of Alzheimer’s disease , obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus , and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease /non alcoholic steatohepatitis , which includes metabolic syndrome, have all increased dramatically over the past several decades . Since obesity,MCI, AD, T2DM, and NASH are all associated with insulin resistance, i.e., impaired ability to respond to insulin stimulation, they may share common etiologies. While aging is clearly the strongest risk factor for AD, emerging data suggest that T2DM and dyslidemic states can either contribute to, or serve as co factors in its pathogenesis .
Cannabinoid CB1Rs are members of a large group of G protein coupled receptors  extensively expressed in mammalian brain tissue . Activation of CB1Rs on axon terminals by these agonists inhibits neurotransmitter release throughout the CNS . Furthermore, activation of CB1Rs by acute or long term exposure to the primary psychoactive constituent of marijuana, Δ9 THC, disrupts hippocampal function and impairs behaviorally and physiologically defined memory processes in humans and animals  .
What is the relationship between the development of speech and language comprehension and the comprehension of other complex auditory signals? As children get older, they become less likely to accept a non linguistic label for an object than they are a word. Likewise, in gesture production,  found a greater acceptance of verbal rather than gestural labels between 1620 months  .
English proficiency is associated with alcohol use in some immigrants groups, but little is known about its association among Arab Americans. Ethnographic work suggests gender, religion, education, and age influence prevalence of alcohol use among Arab Americans . Two year prospective study of recent Iraqi refugees and non Iraqi Arab immigrants in Michigan using bilingual surveys and interviewers .
Cervical spondylomyelopathy  commonly affects Great Danes. Before advanced imaging studies are performed, dogs with clinical signs consistent with a cervical myelopathy will often undergo survey radiographs of the cervical vertebral column as an initial screening test., Occasionally, vertebral body malformations may also be found.,, When evaluating direct measurements obtained from radiographs, the issue of magnification needs to be considered.,, In order to improve accuracy and minimize effects of magnification errors, a ratio method has been proposed. Radiographic ratio methods have been used since 1987 as initial screening tests in people suspected of having cervical spondylotic myelopathy.
As of 2010, there were an estimated 34 million people were living with HIV worldwide, with nearly 70% of these individuals in sub  Saharan Africa. Although HAART has dramatically improved the quality of life and prognosis of patients infected by HIV 1, a number of side effects are associated with this therapy such as lipid and gastrointestinal abnormalities. Furthermore, this therapy can be associated with the development of HIV resistance.
The emergence of the swine origin influenza H1N1 pandemic demonstrates quite plainly the potential threat of influenza viruses . Cell culture derived influenza vaccines may overcome most of the disadvantages of egg derived vaccines but biosafety issues, e.g. biosafety level 3 production facilities for some pandemic strains, and difficulties with growth and yield of certain isolates may cause constraints during production . Influenza viruses belong to the Orthomyxoviridae family and possess a segmented genome of seven  or eight  segments.
The colon is lined with a single layer of epithelial cells which invade into the underlying mesenchyme to form tubular glands called crypts of Lieberkühn. These cells fuel the rapid renewal  of colonic epithelial cells on the luminal aspect where most of the non proliferative cells are positioned. Standard 2D culture of crypts in dishes yields short term growth of a monolayer of cells.
Thymomas are rare neoplasms accounting for only 0.2% to 1.5% of all malignancies . Despite their rarity, they comprise about 20% of all mediastinal masses and account for up to 50% of anterior mediastinal masses  Patients with thymoma are frequently diagnosed with paraneoplastic syndromes, the most common of which is myasthenia gravis . Multiple studies also suggest that patients diagnosed with thymoma are at an increased risk of developing second primary malignancies, with a reported frequency ranging from 8 to 28%  .
Protein kinase CK2  is a ubiquitous serine/threonine protein kinase that phosphorylates more than 300 substrates in the cell and is involved in a variety of biological processes, including cell proliferation, migration, differentiation, apoptosis, circadian rhythms, and angiogenesis . In cell culture, different chemical and antisense inhibitors of CK2 were shown to induce apoptosis of various cells . In vivo, antisense oligonucleotide to CK2α catalytic subunit was able to inhibit growth of xenografted tumors .
Colon cancer is among the leading causes of cancer related deaths in the world’s developed countries. This is attributed in part to the fact that a clearly established link exists between transformation of colonic epithelium and the progressive inhibition of apoptosis. Hence, agents with the potential to restore normal apoptotic signaling will reduce colon cancer risk.
Postsynaptic responses critically depend on the type of presynaptic terminals and the number and arrangement of synapses . In case of excitatory transmission, these parameters show great variability. Most glutamatergic terminals are small and establish contacts via single or few synapses on their postsynaptic targets .
Increasing evidence indicates that the biological heterogeneity of breast cancers has clinical and epidemiologic implications. Classifying invasive breast cancers into distinct subtypes based on tumor histology is especially relevant in this regard: the distinct patterns of growth and cellular organization , chromosomal alterations , and tumor marker expression  associated with different histologic types of breast cancer suggest distinct etiologies. Consistent with these biological distinctions, some epidemiologic studies have reported that histologic subtypes of breast cancer differ in their associations with established breast cancer risk factors  .
The insulin like growth factor II receptor  is a transmembrane receptor that primarily binds IGF II, resulting in the degradation of IGF II by internalization and transport to the lysosomes. By removing IGF II from the extracellular environment and precluding its activation of the insulin like growth factor I receptor , IGF2R is believed to reduce the mitogenic effects of IGF II . Loss of heterozygosity at the IGF2R locus has been reported in breast carcinomas, and somatic missense mutations of the remaining allele have shown alteration in ligand binding .
A prior localized inflammatory response  or a period of unpredictable sound stress  produce long term changes in the duration and second messenger signaling pathway for inflammatory mediator induced mechanical hyperalgesia. This change involves a switch from Gs to Gi in the G protein that mediates inflammatory mediator induced mechanical hyperalgesia . While this type of switch in second messenger signaling pathways, from Gs to Gi, has previously been reported for β2 adrenergic receptor  signaling in cardiac myocytes, caused by chronic exposure to receptor agonists such as epinephrine , in cardiac muscle cells this involves an increased Gi mediated inhibition of adenylyl cyclase, which would be expected to attenuate rather than enhance mechanical hyperalgesia .
Perhaps the largest public health initiative in the western world has focused on improvement of diet, particularly in those with a high risk of cardiovascular disease. Trials have shown that diets rich in fruits and vegetables reduce blood pressure ; and adverse cardiovascular events . This nitrite is swallowed and in the acidic environment of the stomach is reduced to nitric oxide  or re enters the circulation as nitrite.
Peer and parental influences have long been noted as key socialization forces affecting adolescent development. Adolescence is a critical time period during which youth form friendships, and simultaneously engage in substance use behaviors such as cigarette smoking within their peer networks. It is also a time during which the initiation and subsequent fueling of long term smoking trajectories occur , as most adult smokers begin in adolescence .
The process of T cell activation in secondary lymphoid organs  is accompanied by the up regulation of several different adhesion proteins and chemokine receptors associated with recruitment to sites of inflammation in peripheral tissues . The α4β7 integrin and CCR9 are associated with specific homing of CD4  and CD8  T cells to the gut, and the ligands for P selectin and E selectin  have been associated with CD4  and CD8  T cell homing to the skin. Several studies have sought to understand how the site of T cell priming influences their expression of homing receptors.
One in every 50 children undergoes a surgical procedure in their first year of life. A large body of evidence, predominantly from laboratory studies of healthy animals and to a lesser extent from children that had surgical procedures under general anesthesia at an early postnatal age, suggests that general anesthesia administered during the early postnatal period may have negative long term consequences for brain development . The mechanisms that mediate these developmental changes and the full spectrum of pathophysiological alterations induced by neonatal anesthesia, currently predominantly linked to the brain, are poorly understood .
Traumatic brain injury  is a leading cause of death and disability for over 1.5 million Americans annually . Current medical therapies do not adequately control cerebral edema and the effectiveness of invasive neurosurgical approaches to alleviate brain swelling remains limited. These shortcomings emphasize the need for novel approaches to limit post traumatic edema .
Tissue engineering approaches to skeletal muscle regeneration using both in vitro and in vivo means have been met with limited success, largely due to an inability to provide adequate vascularization. We have previously identified a method by which prevascular tissues are formed from scaffold free self assembly of human endothelial and fibroblast cells,. To evaluate the anastomotic potential of these prevascular tissue constructs and their ability to facilitate skeletal muscle repair, tissue constructs were implanted into hind limb muscle defects in athymic mice and immune competent rats, a model we have used previously to investigate muscle regeneration,, .
Previous research has demonstrated that a relationship exists between external bone size and tissue level mechanical properties . Further, variation in tissue modulus among individuals was shown to arise through modulation of both mineralization and porosity . Specifically, slender tibiae  had a lower porosity and higher ash content than more robust tibiae .
Despite advances in modern chemotherapy, CLL remains incurable. These include ‘spontaneous’ remission of the disease during increased immunity , responses to α interferons  and the graft versus leukemia effect following allogeneic stem cell transplant . CLL may, therefore, be an ideal disease for immunotherapeutic approaches.
The hepatitis C virus  infects 3% of the world population and is mainly responsible for liver transplantation in patients with cirrhosis in developed countries . Furthermore, HCV is the most common chronic blood borne pathogen in the United States  affecting 1.8% of the population and is the major etiologic factor responsible for the recent doubling of hepatocellular carcinoma   . HCV is an RNA virus classified in the genus Hepacivirus in the Flavivirus family and possesses an approximately 10kb positive sense RNA genome.
Human embryonic stem cells  are derived from the inner cell mass of the blastocyst stage of development, characterized by a unique capacity for indefinite self renewal, while maintaining an ability to differentiate into specialized cells . The switch from self renewing to quiescent cellular status is particularly evident during liver morphogenesis when ESCs differentiate into quiescent hepatocytes . Because 7080% of the cytoplasmic liver mass is composed of hepatocytes, much attention has been focused on directing the differentiation of hESCs into hepatocytes in vitro, in an effort to generate cells suitable for replacing damaged liver tissue in patients with acute liver failure or chronic end stage liver disease.
Oxford Houses are democratically run recovery home systems that serve over 10,000 individuals in the United States . The democratic, self run property of Oxford Houses differentiates them from many recovery models; instead of employing staff to manage day to day house operations, house members elect house officials to take on these responsibilities. There are no limits on how long a resident can stay in a house.
The production of new neurons in the adult mammalian brain is predominantly restricted to two areas, the subventricular zone  and the hippocampal subgranular zone  . Whether neurogenesis continues in the normal adult cerebral cortex, either from SVZ neural stem cells  , or from intrinsic neural progenitors within cortex  remains controversial , though formation of new cortical interneurons from subventricular zone or intrinsic cortical progenitors following cerebral injury has been well documented . In the present study, we provide genetic fate mapping evidence for the de novo formation of glutamatergic pyramidal neurons from oligodendroglial progenitor cells  within the normal adult murine piriform cortex .
Acute pancreatitis  was once considered an uncommon disease of childhood. Most children with pancreatitis have a single, mild, acute episode that resolves without complications. However, a subset of children with AP develops recurrent episodes of acute pancreatitis  and some progress to chronic pancreatitis .
Huntington’s disease  is a progressive neurodegenerative disease caused by an expansion of a CAG repeat in the Huntingtin  gene . Although the disease is monogenic and the etiology is known, there is no current treatment . Since then, it has been shown that short hairpin RNA  delivered by viral vectors leads to a decrease in Htt protein and associated pathology ; however, shRNAs can be toxic when integrated into the genome .
Overweight and obesity are common, affecting more than 1.1 billion individuals worldwide. In several industrialised countries, approximately two thirds of the adult population is classified as overweight or obese on the basis of having a body mass index  in excess of 25 kg/m2. In addition to reducing life expectancy, excess weight is an independent risk factor for a wide spectrum of chronic disorders, in particular, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease  and some site specific cancers.
A fundamental question in developmental biology is the degree to which embryogenesis is stereotyped versus stochastic. This is indicated by the non deterministic nature of many fate maps , the partially stochastic nature of many developmental processes  and the remarkable regulative and plastic properties of some of these embryos  . Fate mapping with single cell resolution is not straightforward in vertebrate embryos and other embryos with large cell numbers, so it is possible that their cell lineages and movements may be more stereotyped than currently believed, or that hidden patterns may emerge from finer scale analysis.
Recent decades have seen substantial increases in the prevalence and severity of asthma, a complex inflammatory disorder of the airways. For instance, a large percentage of asthmatics are atopic, with elevated serum immunoglobulin E ; others have no evidence of atopy. Given that individuals with severe asthma display not only severe AHR, but also robust neutrophilia and increased IL 17A production, it has been postulated that aberrant IL 17A production may drive severe forms of the disease.
The spliceosome is a highly dynamic RNA protein machine requiring the ordered binding and release of 5 small nuclear ribonucleoprotein particles  to the intron containing pre mRNA. Aside from the binding of the U1 snRNP to the 5′ splice site, each step in this dynamic cycle requires ATP and one or more DExD/H RNA dependent ATPases, a large protein family whose members share a ∼300 amino acid domain with eight highly conserved sequence motifs,. The founding member of this family is eIF4A, a DEAD box protein that is thought to use the energy of ATP hydrolysis to unwind base paired RNAs.
The normal, alert conscious state is critical for functioning in the real world. Patients with temporal lobe seizures, a common form of epilepsy, often experience transient episodes of impaired consciousness, with major negative impact on quality of life . However, the mechanisms of impaired consciousness in temporal lobe seizures are not well understood.
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  comprise a diverse family of ligand gated ion channels  that are expressed throughout the vertebrate central and peripheral nervous systems. Twelve neuronal nAChR subunits have been identified . Subunit composition determines the localization and the physiological and pharmacological properties of each receptor subtype.
Aging and atherosclerosis are accompanied by geometric, material, and consequentially, deformational changes in arteries. For example, age is correlated with a decrease in elastin content in the abdominal aorta concomitant with increased diameter, and increased stiffness as evidenced by decreased diametric pulsatility and increased pulse propagation speed . Additionally, these effects may be exacerbated by added tissue stiffening resulting from the process of atherosclerosis .
Elevated triglyceride , low high density lipoprotein cholesterol , and elevated small, dense low density lipoprotein particles  have been established as important risk factors for cardiovascular diseases  . Several studies have revealed ethnic difference in the variation in lipid/lipoprotein traits . In contrast, Asians had higher TG and lower HDL c than whites despite the lower body mass index  .
Netrin 1 is a secreted molecule that is largely known to play a defined role in guiding vertebrate commissural axons in neuronal development . At least eight netrin receptors have been characterized in neurons, vascular system and other cell types in mammals. Netrin 1 binding to DCC mediates attractive outgrowth of axons, as well as positive angiogenic signalings in endothelial and vascular smooth muscle cells .
Developing new cancer drugs is an endeavor with a high probability of failure and extraordinary costs. One tactic used to accelerate new cancer drug discovery is to focus on compounds that have anti cancer effects and are already FDA approved for non cancer indications. A candidate for this drug development paradigm may be metformin.
It is increasingly appreciated that among cigarette smokers, those with schizophrenia have elevated rates of smoking  compared to the general population  . Many cognitive deficits are present in patients with schizophrenia, including deficits in attention , executive function  verbal memory  and spatial working memory . Prepulse inhibition , an operationalized measure of sensorimotor gating , is also deficient in schizophrenia, and thought to be associated with dysfunction in the dopamine projections from the ventral tegmental area to the PFC  .
Hair cells  and supporting cells  in the sensory epithelium of the inner ear arise from a common progenitor . Recent evidence suggests that Notch pathway proteins play a role in keeping SCs in their phenotypic state in mammals and prevent them from becoming HCs via a process of lateral inhibition  . The Notch pathway determines initial specification and subsequent cell fate of sensory progenitors .
Atherosclerosis, a major cause of stroke and myocardial infarction, is an inflammatory process. Recent research has sought to identify inflammatory risk factors that may predict risk of downstream clinical complications associated with atheromatous plaque formation. Atherosclerotic lesions are initiated by endothelial damage, leading to an upregulation of adhesion molecules that recruit both monocytes and lymphocytes into the subendothelial space, where monocytes become macrophages.
Excessive alcohol drinking is a leading cause of chronic liver disease worldwide, which results in a spectrum of liver disorders, ranging from simple fatty liver to more severe forms of liver injury such as alcoholic hepatitis, cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma. , Fatty liver is the earliest response to alcohol drinking and occurs in almost everyone who drinks heavily, while more severe forms of alcoholic liver injury typically develop in up to 35% of heavy drinkers. , More severe forms of alcoholic liver disease such as alcoholic hepatitis require treatment.
Distraction osteogenesis  is a technique for skeletal expansion that uses the body’s natural healing capacity to form bone in response to mechanical tension across an osteotomy. During the active distraction phase, a network of hematoma and fibrous tissue develops followed by the appearance of nests of cartilage and finally bone. As the callus consolidates, there is progressive replacement of fibrous tissue, hematoma and cartilage with trabecular bone.
Despite recent progress in our understanding of iron absorption, iron deficiency remains the most prevalent micronutrient deficiency worldwide. Whereas dietary calcium is known to reduce the bioavailability of iron , the molecular basis of this interaction is not understood. Divalent metal ion transporter 1   is the principal or only mechanism by which nonheme iron is taken up at the intestinal brush border , reviewed .
The migration of lung DCs to lymph nodes  is critical for orchestrating adaptive immune responses against inhaled antigens or microbes . Under homeostatic conditions, CCR7 dependent migration of lung DCs to draining LN is important for the induction of regulatory T cells, which help maintain peripheral tolerance to innocuous environmental antigens . Because migratory DCs play a central role in shaping immune responses in the lungs, manipulating Ccr7 expression is a potential strategy for either augmenting or suppressing adaptive immunity.
For large segments of the population, the internet has become a primary source of information on a broad range of health issues and a means of communication. This development provides a unique opportunity for epidemiologic research, in particular the conduct of prospective cohort studies. The attraction of using the internet for recruitment of an epidemiologic cohort stems mainly from cost efficiency and convenience for study participants .
Rotavirus  is the most common cause of severe dehydrating diarrheal disease in young children worldwide, causing up to 100 million cases and > 600,000 deaths each year . RV infections are also common in adults, especially those who interact with children, but generally cause only mild symptoms . RV, a member of the Reoviridae family of viruses, is a non enveloped double  stranded  RNA virus containing three concentric protein layers .
The pigmentation of amphibian eggs and cleavage stage embryos differs dramatically from species to species, but the species can be generally categorized as having pigmented or unpigmented eggs. Essentially nothing is known about the cell biological mechanisms of animal hemisphere pigmentation in amphibians or about how such mechanism may be modified during evolution to achieve the interspecific variation in pigmentation patterns. The specific pathway that directs the accumulation of pigmentation in the animal cortex in Xenopus is not well understood.
The deposition of amyloid β  in the extracellular space of the brain is a pathological hallmark of Alzheimer's disease . These cells are responsible for normal tissue maintenance and continually sample the extracellular environment. Additionally, they take up solutes and nutrients through endocytosis  .
Intracerebral hemorrhage  is a common and often fatal stroke subtype that burdens approximately 1 in 5000 people every year  for which there is no treatment. Red blood cell, a main cellular component of the hematoma, lyses within days and releases hemoglobin , which subsequently is degraded into heme and iron, cytotoxins representing key contributor to secondary brain injury after ICH . In agreement with this scheme, intra cerebral injection of lysed erythrocytes or purified Hb produces massive brain edema within less than 24h .
Practice protocols that mandate prescreening for sexually transmitted infection prior to insertion of an intrauterine device for contraception can pose obstacles for women seeking this highly effective method of birth control. Some practices screen for presumed risk factors for sexually transmitted infection in order to identify those who may be infected or those in whom laboratory testing should be obtained. The value of such criterion based screening is unclear .
In 2007, about 33 million people globally were infected with HIV 1. The number of HIV infections worldwide has been stable since 2000; however, new cases continue to increase in resource limited nations. The source of infection differs by country, and includes intercourse , injected drugs, transmission from mother to child including breast milk and unsafe injections or other nosocomial sources .
Mucosal surfaces serve as both entry and transmission routes for most pathogens. Although there are studies suggesting that systemic immunization can provide mucosal protection , others have suggested that mucosal immunization is required for effective T cell dependent mucosal immunity  . There are important distinctions between different mucosal tissues.
The concept of vascular or arterial age has been proposed in several previous studies. The idea is to adjust the age of a patient based on their level of atherosclerosis. Stein et al  have developed an algorithm for calculating vascular age based on carotid IMT.
The option of multichannel cochlear implantation for patients who have sensory hearing loss has been available for the last two decades. Although it is optimal to implant children in early childhood , it is not always possible to do so. Therefore, it is important to evaluate the efficacy of implantation at various stages of human development.
The adaptive immune response to intracellular parasites or bacteria is in large part dependent upon the generation of primed CD4+ T cells in secondary lymphoid organs. The clonal proliferation that accompanies priming provides for a greater number of antigen specific cells that can differentiate into effector cells capable of homing to sites of infection. The number and function of Th1 cells can be limited by the activation of regulatory T cells  and other populations of IL 10 secreting cells, including Th1 cells, which may restrain immunopathology while preventing the complete elimination of the parasite .
Hematopoietic stem cells  constantly differentiate into all blood cell lineages via distinct differentiation programs. While early studies led to the proposal that the flow of intermediate cells within each lineage is fixed , recent evidence suggests otherwise   that oligopotent progenitor differentiation is very “plastic”, especially when the host is stressed, by infection for example. using a novel “cellular barcoding” technique .
Although colon rectal cancer  is the third leading cause of cancer death in men and women in the United States , the cellular and molecular events associated with its pathogenesis are not known to a certainty. Despite extensive research, the pathological and molecular markers for prognosis of colon cancer are still lacking. The COX 2 transcription is regulated through transcription factors, especially nuclear factor κB  .
Reductions of 70% or more of new AIDS diagnoses and death have been reported in the highly active antiretroviral therapy  era . As a result, older HIV infected patients are one of the fastest growing demographics, with a quintupling of AIDS patients in the U.S. over 50 years of age between 1990 2000 . The HIV epidemic also has disproportionately affected minority populations, particularly African Americans.
Protein tyrosine O sulfation is a widespread post translational modification that was suggested to affect an average of 1% of all tyrosine residues in all proteins, secreted and membrane bound, in higher order eukaryotes . Among the more than 60 tyrosine sulfated proteins identified to date, a great deal of interest is focused on the role of tyrosine sulfation in the binding of the seven transmembrane G protein coupled receptors . In vitro substrate specificity studies using synthetic peptides indicated several differences in substrate preferences of the individual isozymes .
Oxidative stress is associated with the aging process, is a risk factor for several neurodegenerative diseases, and is decreased by reduced energy intake. Oxidation of a cysteine residue can be reduced by various antioxidants, but methionine sulfoxide is unique in that it is reduced by the methionine sulfoxide reductase  system. MsrA is considered the major Msr because it positively regulates MsrB expression .
Glutamate is an endogenous excitatory neurotransmitter, and it is estimated that this neurotransmitter is used by as many as one third of the synapses in the central nervous system . At high concentrations, glutamate is neurotoxic, and glutamate induced neuronal death contributes to the development of neurodegenerative diseases . Two common pathways of glutamate neurotoxicity have been described.
Single channel recordings yield important information about ion channels. The analysis of single channel recordings is based either on time course fitting or event list analysis . In a patch containing a single channel, open probability  can be calculated from the above list.
In 2007, ~ 218,890 men in the U.S. will be diagnosed with prostate cancer , and >27,000 deaths will be attributed to the disease . Several etiologic factors for PC have been suggested, including genetic and environmental factors. However, only age, race/ethnicity and family history are established risk factors .
Genistein is a phytoestrogen abundant in soy . as well as a variety of processed food, such as meatless burger, energy bar and soy yogurt, etc. .
Alcohol use disorders  occur commonly in the general population, with recent estimates of their current  prevalence of 8.46% . Despite the adverse effects of AUDs, most individuals with such a diagnosis never receive treatment . One particular focus of research has been the identification and evaluation of medications to treat alcohol dependence, which since 1994 has resulted in the approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration of three medications to treat the disorder: oral naltrexone, acamprosate, and extended release naltrexone.
Prostate cancer  is the most frequently diagnosed non cutaneous male malignancy and the third leading cause of cancer related death in men in most western industrialized countries . It is estimated that around 660,000 men worldwide will be diagnosed with PCa and 250,000 men will die from it in 2010; thus, it will remain a major health problem in coming years . Therefore, finding novel and more effective inhibitors of AR signaling is of paramount interest.
Nitroxyl  donors are used clinically as deterrents for alcohol use  and also exhibit anti cancer properties , protect tissue against reperfusion injury , and show promise for the treatment of heart failure . HNO also regulates vasorelaxation  and alters calcium channel function  through binding of HNO to a ferric or thiol site . 2HNO→→N2O+H2OAdditionally, the reactive nature of HNO with a variety of biological targets depletes the concentration of free and measurable HNO in cells .
Intracellular protein degradation is an important facet of proteome maintenance, and misregulation of proteolysis can lead to severe cellular defects. Thus, mechanisms must exist to limit the destructive potential of this enzyme. One mechanism involves active site remodeling.
The vertebrate body axis undergoes segmentation and specialization into distinct regions during embryogenesis. As a taxon, salamanders  exhibit almost no diversity in body plan, yet they do vary in life cycle. Some are direct developing and hatch from the egg as miniature adults.
Success rates for long term weight loss maintenance through traditional lifestyle strategies are poor, with high recidivism rates being the norm. This is in part attributable to individual level barriers that may prevent weight reduced individuals from achieving the amount of daily physical activity necessary to prevent weight regain. Daily physical activity has been consistently shown to be a critical factor in maintaining long term weight loss.
The complex relationship between inflammation and cancer has been well described since the late 1800’s . Persistent inflammation, however, may promote tumor formation  . The intricate molecular and cellular mechanisms responsible for the association between inflammation and cancer have recently become subjects of intense study.
Bipolar Disorder is characterized by recurrent episodes of depression and/or mania along with interepisodic mood symptoms that interfere with psychosocial functioning. Despite periods of symptomatic recovery, individuals with bipolar disorder often continue to experience impairments in psychosocial functioning, particularly occupational functioning. Two determinants of psychosocial functioning of euthymic  individuals with bipolar disorder are residual depressive symptoms and cognitive impairment  .
Cardiac mortality of end stage renal disease patients is several fold increased in comparison to the general population . However, the precise nature of the inflammatory and/or oxidative pathways involved remains unclear. As renal failure progresses, compounds accumulate in blood and tissues due to a decline in renal function.
In mammalian cells, both the nucleus and mitochondria serve as repositories for genetic information . In the cell, mitochondria perform numerous functions including, but not limited to producing the bulk of the ATP , generating reactive oxygen species, which can be both damaging and play a role in normal cellular signaling , and regulation of cell death . As a consequence, alterations in mtDNA integrity have been associated with various human pathologies, such as mitochondrial diseases , diabetes , cancer  and neurodegenerative disorders  .
Delirium is an acute confusional state marked by inattention and global cognitive dysfunction. Importantly, at least 3040% of delirium cases are preventable . Recent systematic reviews and clinical guidelines have recommended targeted multi component non pharmacologic intervention strategies for the prevention of delirium .
Immune related pathology can result in a number of bone marrow failure diseases including systemic lupus erythematosis , rheumatoid arthritis or Felty’s syndrome, and Large Granular Lymphocyte  leukemia. Phenotypic and functional data suggest that LGL leukemia is caused by the expansion of mature cytotoxic lymphocytes with either a clonal CD8+ T cell LGL  or NK cell LGL  phenotype, with T LGL leukemia accounting for 85% of cases. The occurrence of autoimmune diseases and B cell abnormalities normally precedes the onset of LGL leukemia expansion suggesting that this may be a disease continuum with similar underlying mechanisms.
The antigen specific T cell repertoire is shaped by binding of the TCR hypervariable region to a diverse array of short processed peptides bound to MHC molecules. Hence, it is surprising that nearly identical antigen specific or public T cells have been identified in multiple individuals . Public T cells are characterized by the expression of identical TCR Vα and/or Vβ genes that are present in the majority of subjects and dominate the response to a specific epitope.
Human natural killer  cells are part of the innate immune system and recognize microbe infected cells and tumor cells through a combination of activating and inhibitory receptors that do not require somatic gene rearrangement, such as the killer cell immunoglobulin like receptor  family . T cells, in contrast, mediate adaptive immune response to major histocompatibility complex bound antigens through recognition by rearranged T cell receptors  . KIR generates diversity through variable haplotype gene content, allele polymorphism, and stochastic expression , whereas TCR recombines αβ or γδ chains during development .
Transcranial electrical stimulation using weak direct currents   transcranial direct current stimulation    is a powerful method of brain modulation that has been increasingly tested as a tool to modulate plasticity in neuropsychiatric diseases . Relatively simple to apply, tDCS involves application of direct current through at least one electrode positioned on the scalp. Because of these initial positive results, tDCS has the potential to be used for the rehabilitation of patients with brain lesions who also have skull defect  such as patients with traumatic brain injury  or patients who undergo neurosurgery.
Powassan virus  is the sole North American member of the tick borne encephalitis  complex which is otherwise geographically distributed across temperate Eurasia . Lineage I, the “prototype” lineage, is maintained in an enzootic transmission cycle between Ixodes cookei and Ix. marxi and small and medium sized woodland mammals .
Atherosclerosis is a focal inflammatory disease of the vasculature, marked by chronic activation of the endothelium. In regions of disease, inflammatory signaling is continuously stimulated by the local environment to promote disease progression. This complex initiates many early signaling events in response to shear stress, including activation of MAP kinases and integrins.
Uncontrolled proliferation and migration of vascular smooth muscle cells  coupled with increased deposition of extracellular matrix  are major causes of intimal thickening during the development of vascular occlusive disease . Moreover, cellular and molecular compositional changes in the vessel wall modulate the mechanical properties of the vessel . Specifically, we and others have found that VSMC migration and proliferation increase with substrate stiffness .
Antiretroviral pre exposure prophylaxis , as daily oral tenofovir disoproxil fumarate and co formulated emtricitabine/tenofovir disoproxil fumarate, has been demonstrated to be efficacious for the prevention of HIV acquisition in diverse populations. PrEP could be an important component of safer conception strategies for women at risk for HIV infection, including those in HIV serodiscordant couples , particularly if the infected partner is not eligible for, willing, or able to take antiretroviral treatment., Efforts to implement PrEP as a public health strategy for HIV prevention in heterosexual populations will be accompanied by PrEP exposure during conception and pregnancy, either inadvertently for women with unrecognized early pregnancy or intentionally as part of reducing HIV risk during conception, and thus understanding the safety of PrEP in the periconception period is a priority . Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate and emtricitabine are pregnancy category B medications, with no evidence of teratogenicity in animal experiments and in observational studies of humans.
One of the key themes in biology is the characterisation of structure function relationships. In the brain, a similar relationship exists between anatomical and effective connectivity. It is generally accepted that anatomical connectivity provides important constraints on effective connectivity.
γ Amino butyric , the major neurotransmitter of inhibitory synaptic neurotransmission, influences virtually every homeostatic function mediated by the medulla oblongata. These functions include respiration , chemosensitivity to carbon dioxide , blood pressure regulation  and the laryngeal chemoreflex . The 5 HT medullary system is comprised of the raphé , extra raphé , and ventral surface arcuate nucleus in the human , all sites where 5HT source neurons are located.
The current first line therapy for patients with glioblastoma multiforme  consists of maximal surgical resection followed by radiotherapy and Temozolomide chemotherapy. The limited efficacy of current therapies for GBM highlights the importance of increasing understanding of the physiology and pathology of this devastating disease. GBM is composed of heterogeneous types of tumor cells.
Cancer care requires a great deal of information work on the part of the patient . Beyond the psychological stress of dealing with a life threatening illness, patients must manage a range of personal health information to play an active role in their health care . For example, patients often gather and integrate their medical records, web pages, notes, and articles to make treatment decisions.
The 2011 National Healthcare Disparities Report documents that racial and ethnic disparities remain pervasive . These initiatives are commonly referred to as pay for performance programs  . The primary goal of P4P is rewarding or improving quality of care; a secondary goal is controlling cost by reducing errors and inappropriate utilizations .
Allergic rhinitis is estimated to affect 30 to 60 million people in western countries and is associated with decreased quality of life, disorder in sleep hygiene, and impairment in work performance. Eosinophils trigger rhinitis symptoms in numerous inflammatory diseases, including allergic rhinitis, non allergic rhinitis eosinophilia syndrome, and chronic sinusitis. While a nasal smear is easy to perform and well tolerated in general, some patients find this procedure unpleasant.
The noradrenaline  lies at the confluence of massive cortical and subcortical inputs . Individual NA medium spiny neurons  receive convergent glutamatergic inputs from the prefrontal cortex , hippocampus, and amygdala , as well as GABAergic and modulatory inputs from multiple sources . Subthreshold membrane fluctuations are essential for integrating information carried by such inputs, as MSN have highly negative resting membrane potentials  and must be driven to depolarized potentials  in order for action potentials to be generated .
Brain injuries are suspected causes of acquired temporal lobe epilepsy . The temporal mismatch between a presumed initial injury and the onset of clinically detectable epilepsy was attributed early on to the concept of the “ripening of the scar” , which refers to a presumably gradual epileptogenic process. Initial chance observations of spontaneous seizures long after SE was induced , and the results of non continuous behavioral monitoring after convulsive SE , established and reinforced the notion that a prolonged seizure free latent period reliably follows convulsive SE in rats .
Juvenile hormones  play a key role in insect development . JH dependent ovarian previtellogenic maturation involves changes in primary follicles, nurse cells and follicular epithelium . Extensive JH dependent cellular remodeling has also been described in the fat body  and midgut .
During mitosis, sister chromatids must segregate properly to maintain the genetic integrity of the two daughter cells. The mitotic spindle, a microtubule based network originating from opposite poles, captures, aligns, and separates the replicated chromosomes. The spindle assembly checkpoint ensures that chromosomes do not segregate until they are properly attached.
Infantile spasms syndrome  is a devastating form of childhood epilepsy characterized by involuntary, massive motor spasms during early infancy that herald a lifelong disorder of severe seizures and intellectual disability. Mutations in a growing list of genes critical for the establishment of proper neural networks during development have been associated with its many inherited forms . Although short term spasm reduction can be achieved, high relapse rates, cognitive impairment, and long lasting side effects highlight the need for more effective therapy  .
ZIP4 is a zinc transporter that plays an important role in maintaining the cellular zinc level  . Conversely, silencing of ZIP4 by shRNA significantly inhibits pancreatic cancer growth and increases survival rate of nude mice with pancreatic cancer xenografts , suggesting that ZIP4 might be a novel therapeutic target for pancreatic cancer treatment. Altered expression of zinc transporters is associated with many other cancers.
In a recent paper  we reported that dermal fibroblasts obtained from human skin during surgery for soft tissue sarcoma at 2 9 weeks after the end of a course of fractionated radiotherapy  demonstrated substantial levels of DNA damage when examined at their first division in culture after removal from the patient. Estimates of the dose received by the skin samples demonstrated that the levels of micronuclei observed were dependent on dose. Latent damage in human skin after irradiation is consistent with results of studies of wound healing after irradiation  and with reduction of the tolerance to late radiation damage after a second course of radiation treatment to previously irradiated skin .
Craniosynostosis is defined as the premature fusion of one or more cranial sutures and has an overall prevalence of 35 per 10,000 individuals . Approximately 515% of craniosynostosis cases involve multiple cranial sutures, referred to as complex craniosynostosis. Craniosynostosis can be further described as syndromic, in which other features are present in the patient, or non syndromic.
Squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck  is one of the six most common cancers in the world . Its traditional risk factors, including tobacco and alcohol consumption, have recently declined . Infection with high risk HPV, mostly HPV16, is also associated with cervical and most anal cancers .
Dopamine is thought to influence impulsivity , a category of behaviors encompassing deficits in the ability to delay immediate gratification for future larger rewards, and in response inhibition. Novelty seeking, which includes a dimension of impulsiveness , and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder , which features impulsivity as a symptom , are associated with variants of genes encoding synaptic proteins that modulate dopaminergic activity . Suboptimal activity  at D2 like  receptors apparently induces impulsive responses.
Transcriptional regulation is a key mechanism controlling the formation and subsequent behaviour of hematopoietic stem cells  . These computational screens were performed using the Ets/Ets/Gata  signature  using the Scl +19 HSC enhancer as a template . Given these constraints, the predicted E/E/G elements have all been clustered within a single hematopoietic enhancer.
Congestive heart failure  is a major cause of morbidity and mortality and represents the leading discharge diagnosis among older individuals in the United States , . This disorder has a high prevalence, morbidity, and is associated with substantial economic burden  . The situation with HFpEF is somewhat different.
Although some cognitive functions, such as episodic memory and visuo spatial skills, decline in older age , language abilities remain relatively stable among older adults . In normal speech, about two to five words per second are retrieved from the mental lexicon . Phonologically related errors may emerge but usually not until later in the course of the disease  .
Acute allograft rejection is a T cell dependent phenomenon. IL 17 transcripts have been described in the early phase of rat and human kidney allograft rejection  and IL 17 producing cells were sufficient to mediate rejection of rat lung allografts . Whether this equilibrium occurs in transplantation models in vivo and if so, whether it can be skewed in one direction or the other, remains to be determined .
Chronic exposure to nicotine, the addictive chemical in tobacco smoke, produces neuroadaptive changes that promote continued smoking . Even with the most effective pharmacotherapies, only one in four smokers is able to quit . Nicotine binds to neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  in the mesolimbic cortical reward pathway , pointing to nAChRs as attractive candidates for genetic investigations of nicotine dependence.
Social cognition is broadly defined as the cognitive processes and individual factors  involved in social interactions . Additionally, tractography analyses have revealed alcoholism related abnormalities in fiber tracts  connecting cortical and limbic portions of emotion and reward circuits  . observed dampened amygdala and hippocampal activation in alcoholics viewing positive and negative emotional facial expressions during fMRI.
Medullary carcinoma of the colon  is a distinct subtype of colonic adenocarcinoma with a unique histologic appearance and a more favorable prognosis in comparison to poorly differentiated colonic adenocarcinomas . Previous studies have shown that MC as opposed to PDC of the colon are more often right sided, seen in older female patients, and have a lower incidence of lymph node metastases . The tumor cells of PDC are typically more pleomorphic and more commonly exhibit some evidence of glandular differentiation.
Activation of protein kinase A , which traditionally occurs with β adrenergic receptor  stimulation, is known to enhance cardiomyocyte contraction . These effects occur primarily through the phosphorylation of phospholamban  by PKA at Serine16 , and can be reversed by phosphatases, namely protein phosphatase 1  and 2a  . Consequently, the phosphatase vs. kinase equilibrium plays a critical role in regulating cardiomyocyte contractility .
Fifty years have passed since the first description of sickle cell disease  in Saudi Arabia . When the HbS mutation was associated with the Arab Indian  HBB  haplotype, HbS homozygotes or compound heterozygotes for HbS and β0 thalassaemia were reported to have a milder phenotype than patients with a HbS mutation of African origin . This was attributed to their high fetal haemoglobin  level.
Life for the vertebrate requires sustained and rhythmic beating of the heart for delivery of oxygen and nutrients to the brain and other organs. The vertebrate cardiomyocyte has evolved elegant membrane regulatory pathways to maintain efficient excitation contraction coupling at baseline or in the face of acute and chronic stress. Central to this membrane regulation is the cardiac cytoskeleton.
Developmentally present steroids are recognized as essential components of mammalian sexual differentiation . Testosterone  has three metabolic pathways. While both AR  and ER  dependent pathways likely contribute to sexual differentiation, their relative importance has been debated and likely varies by species.
Emerging lines of evidence suggest that cancer cells may have mitochondrial dysfunction and adapt aerobic glycolysis to generate ATP. The involvement of reactive oxygen species  signaling in tumor metastasis has also been recognized . The increased ROS in cancer cells may in turn affect certain redox sensitive molecules and further lead to significant consequences such as stimulation of cellular proliferation, cell differentiation, alterations in sensitivity to anticancer agents, promotion of mutations and genetic instability, and contributing to carcinogenesis .
A major goal in the search for therapies for spinal cord injuries  is to develop tools for promoting both the regeneration of damaged axons and the restoration of synaptic contacts with their appropriate targets. Several different proteins expressed on mature oligodendrocytes cause axonal growth cones to collapse and thus arrest further growth . Axons may also be confronted by a proteoglycan rich glial scar at the lesion site, which forms a physical and molecular barrier to regrowth  .
Uterine fibroid tumors  are the most common gynecological neoplasms clinically affecting up to 30% of all women during reproductive age. The primary characteristics of uterine fibroids are the increased proliferation of myometrial cell, production of the abundant extracellular matrix , and the downregulation of ECM degrading enzymes. Recent progress in cDNA microarray analysis revealed a distinct similarity of leiomyoma with other fibrotic processes.
Lymphoid malignancies are a heterogeneous group of neoplasms originating from B  and T lymphocytes . Although the etiology of lymphoid malignancies remains largely unexplained, immune deficiency is the strongest known risk factor, with HIV infection conferring a more than 20 fold increased risk of non Hodgkin lymphoma  . Other factors affecting the immune system have also been postulated to increase the risk of developing lymphoid malignancies, particularly NHL  .
TLX1  is an evolutionarily conserved member of the non clustered NKL subclass of homeobox genes that orchestrates spleen organogenesis and specification of neuronal cell fates . The recurrent TLX1 associated translocations, which occur during thymocyte differentiation, are presumed to be initiating genetic lesions in this disease. The potential of TLX1 to disrupt normal hematopoietic processes has also been demonstrated in a number of in vitro studies, where retroviral expression of TLX1 promoted the immortalization of murine progenitor cells derived from various hematopoietic sources .
Schizophrenia is a psychiatric disorder with a prevalence of 0.51.0%. Although its heritability has been estimated to be in the order of 80%, unambiguous identification of susceptibility genes has proven to be extremely challenging. This paper is devoted to dysbindin, the product of the DTNBP1 gene.
The endoplasmic reticulum  is essential for secretory and membrane protein folding and assembly. The UPR regulates transcriptional, translational, and post translational intracellular programs such as ER associated protein degradation  whereby ER chaperones, protein folding enzymes, and lectins identify malformed proteins in the ER and retrotranslocate them into the cytosol for degradation by proteasomes . The ERAD program therefore prevents misfolded protein accumulation, and disruption of ERAD components often leads to early embryonic lethality  .
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons  comprise a class of chemicals composed of two or more fused aromatic rings. Since PAHs are produced by the incomplete combustion of organic matter, including petroleum, coal, and other carbonaceous materials , they are ubiquitous contaminants of the human environment. Humans are exposed to PAHs via inhalation, ingestion, and dermal contact.
Human visual object recognition is impressive in several ways: it is fast, seemingly automatic, robust under degraded viewing conditions, and capable of recognizing novel instances of a very large number of common categories . For example, in their everyday lives, people routinely recognize the dog whose nose is sticking out from the blanket, the highly unique modernistic chair, and the cup on the table as a particular and favorite cup. Competing theories of object recognition  often pit different kinds of hypothesized processes and representations against each other.
One of the cardinal pathological changes in Alzheimer's disease  is the accumulation of amyloid beta peptide  in amyloid plaques and the walls of blood vessels . Additionally, these Aβ immunotherapies were often associated with vasogenic edema and microhemorrhages in the brain . The latter was thought to be caused by relocation of parenchymal Aβ aggregates to the walls of cerebral blood vessels ; thus, the inflammatory responses and cerebral hemorrhages associated with Aβ immunotherapies can be detrimental to the AD patients’ health.
Highly active anti retroviral therapy  markedly decreases AIDS progression among HIV infected individuals . Nearly all of these adverse effects resemble clinical symptoms seen in inherited mitochondrial diseases , , suggesting that host mitochondrial genotype may play a role in their development. Associated primarily with the thymidine analogue nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors  zidovudine  and stavudine , lipoatrophy is the loss of subcutaneous fat from the face, extremities, and buttocks .
The triggering receptors expressed on myeloid cells  contain a single V set immunoglobulin  domain, and are involved in cell activation within the innate immune system . A glycoprotein with significant homology to the TREMs, TREM like transcript 1 , has been exclusively found in the mouse and human megakaryocyte  lineages . TLT 1 was tentatively localized to the α granule membrane, a conclusion made from its colocalization with P selectin in confocal microscopy.
High levels of treatment adherence are critical for people with HIV to benefit from antiretroviral medications, and to remain free from opportunistic infections resulting from a compromised immune system . Nevertheless, a substantial number of people with HIV do not achieve optimal adherence levels. For example, research has found mean adherence rates of 67% of prescribed doses over 6 months .
The mitogen activated protein kinase  pathway is one of the critical downstream effectors of Ras, a small GTPase that is vital in the modulation of numerous cellular functions. Ras has long been known to play an important role in cancer genetics. The RASopathies are a class of human genetic syndromes that are caused by germline mutations in genes which encode components of the Ras/MAPK pathway ,.
The striking increase of uterine blood flow in pregnancy is essential both for optimal growth and survival of the fetus and for cardiovascular well being of the mother. Maladaptation of the uteroplacental circulation during pregnancy is associated with high incidence of clinical complications including preeclampsia and fetal intrauterine growth restriction. Thus, a comprehensive understanding of regulatory mechanisms of uterine vascular adaptation in pregnancy has long been sought, but has not been achieved.
Data mining algorithms, sometimes called machine learning or statistical learning algorithms, have been increasingly used in biomedical research in recent years. Data mining is broadly defined as the process of selecting, exploring, and modeling large amounts of data to discover unknown and useful patterns or relationships. Data mining algorithms arose from the fields of statistics and computer science, and are widely used in marketing, banking, engineering, and bioinformatics.
“Why do adolescents become dependent on alcohol and other drugs  and what might be done to redirect them back to sobriety?” In short, reducing youth AOD use disorders is a critical area of social concern, but there are a number of factors that have made attaining this goal difficult. Consequently, lower parental monitoring results in adolescents following fewer rules and receiving less guidance from responsible adults, leading to more unstructured free time . The latter may be related to growing narcissistic tendencies in youth .
Delivery of foreign DNA into eukaryotic cells has become an important tool in molecular biology and in gene therapy studies. Electroporation is a physical based method for DNA delivery, and thus possesses some advantages over other methods. Because of these favorable features, electroporation gene transfer has been heavily investigated as an alternative strategy to viral methods in the development of gene therapy protocols  .
Practice guidelines recommend the use of ICDs in patients with heart failure  and a left ventricular ejection fraction  of ≤ 35% in the absence of contraindications . The GWTG program is a national, voluntary, observational, hospital based, and ongoing quality improvement initiative that began in the year 2000 under the auspices of the AHA. The GWTG program has been described previously., Begun in January/March 2005 and continued to the present, the HF module originating from the Organized Program to Initiate Life Saving Treatment in Hospitalized Patients with Heart Failure serves as the primary dataset for this analysis.
Human beings’ complex social environment has evolved hand in hand with two other distinct capacities: our ability to identify other people as individuals, and our ability to convey complex ideas to them via spoken language. Our person perception abilities allow us to distinguish and uniquely identify numerous other individual human beings . However, little research has examined the mechanisms by which the auditory system integrates information across cognitive domains.
Neurogenesis in the dentate gyrus of the adult hippocampus is highly labile. Glucocorticoids have two principal roles: absolute levels regulate the proliferation rate of the progenitor cells; and the presence of an intact diurnal corticoid rhythm is an essential requirement for the action of two further controlling factors, namely serotonin and nitric oxide . l NAME as well as markedly stimulating neurogenesis has also been found to increase BDNF in the dentate gyrus .
The mouse genome encodes a large number of nonclassical MHC class I  molecules, including many with unknown functions . In general, class Ib genes show little polymorphism relative to the highly polymorphic classical MHC class I genes, H2 K,  D, and L. Protein folding and expression in most cases requires assembly with β2 microglobulin . The MHC class Ib tissue distribution and expression levels vary considerably .
Following in the footsteps of exciting clinical data on the efficacy of the small drug inhibitor of Bruton tyrosine kinase   ibrutinib, in patients with mantle cell lymphoma   and chronic lymphocytic leukemia   ibrutinib is now undergoing phase 2 clinical testing for multiple myeloma   registered online at ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT01478581 and NCT01962792. BTK  is an X chromosome encoded member of the Tec protein tyrosine kinase family that has long been known to play a central role in B cell receptor  signaling . BTK’s pleiotropic functionality in the B lineage may complicate efforts to elucidate the mechanisms by which targeted inhibition of BTK suppresses neoplastic growth; i.e., the mode of action in MM  may differ in some respects from that in Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia , CLL , diffuse large B cell lymphoma  , and other blood cancers .
The impact of neoadjuvant therapy on post pancreatectomy complications is inadequately described . Data from the NSQIP Pancreatectomy Demonstration Project  was used to identify patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma who did and did not receive neoadjuvant therapy. Neoadjuvant therapy was classified as chemotherapy alone or radiation ± chemotherapy.
Laboratory methods routinely used for diagnosis of HIV infection are based on detection of anti HIV antibodies, which typically appear 35 weeks after HIV infection . These methods do not identify individuals with acute  HIV infection. Furthermore, acute HIV infection is often associated with a high concentration of HIV in plasma and genital secretions , which in turn is associated with increased risk of transmission .
Incidental encounters with mediastinal masses have become more common with the growing use of computed tomography  in clinical practice as well as in screening of lung cancer. Anterior mediastinal masses account for 50% of all mediastinal masses . Anterior mediastinal masses can represent a wide spectrum of diseases, including thymoma, thymic carcinoma, thymic cyst, thymic hyperplasia, mature teratoma, malignant germ cell tumor, and malignant lymphoma .
Voltage gated potassium  channel pore forming α subunits form complexes with a range of ancillary  subunits, such as the single transmembrane domain proteins encoded by the KCNE gene family , leading to various channel subunit compositions with diverse functional characteristics . The KCNQ1 K+ channel α subunit is widely distributed in both excitable and non excitable cells of vertebrates, and is unique among the S4 gene superfamily in that it forms either voltage activated or constitutively active K+ selective channels depending on its specific KCNE family β subunit partner . KCNQ1 and KCNE gene disruption are linked to multiple pathologies, often with an unclear molecular etiology.
Relapse is a common feature of cocaine addiction even after long periods of abstinence . Several types of stimuli are known to induce cocaine relapse, including: stress , re exposure to the previously self administered drug , and cues previously paired with the drug . Although there is no effective treatment, the neural circuitry underlying relapse is rapidly coming into focus .
In 2009, more than seven million Americans were involved currently with thecriminal justice system  in some capacity, and nearly 70% of those involved with the CJS met criteriafor an alcohol or other substance use disorder . In 2004, Witkiewitz andMarlatt published anintegrated and updated model of relapse for persons with SUDs in the general population. In this model, social support is categorized as adistal factor, which implies that social support is a static variable influencing anindividual’s relapse.
The hepatitis delta virus  ribozyme is a small, self cleaving RNA that participates in the double rolling cycle replication of the HDV virus. The active site is found at the cleft where the stacking networks intersect. More recently, HDV like ribozymes have been found in the human transcriptome, and they are prevalent in other forms of life as well.
In DSM 5, low prosocial emotions , designate youth at risk for early onset, persistent conduct problems , and adult psychopathy . Yet, little is currently known about how CU traits develop. However, to date, few published biologically informed longitudinal studies have tested whether such a distinction is valid .
During adult neurogenesis glial fibrillary acidic protein  expressing quiescent type I cells self renew, divide and give rise to transient amplifying type IIa cells which will differentiate into neuronal nuclei  expressing mature granular cell neurons . We previously developed and characterized a transgenic animal that labels type I and IIa progenitor cells with green fluorescent protein  under the control of the nestin promoter and its second intron enhancer . Excitatory amino acid transporter 2 , a glutamate transporter, was identified in this screen and found to be upregulated about ten fold in postnatal day 28  progenitors compared to those isolated at P7.
Spina bifida myelomeningocele  is a neural tube defect associated with a modal pattern of strengths and deficits in motor, cognitive, academic, and behavioral domains . Moreover, even when children with SBM do not meet stipulated criteria for the diagnosis of a reading comprehension disability per se, their reading comprehension skill is typically significantly lower than their word decoding skill, a pattern less often observed in typically developing  controls  . Studies of how reading comprehension unfolds in children with SBM have been informed through experiments that examine this population's strengths and weaknesses at accessing meaning from three levels of text : the surface code , text base , and situation model  .
Mammalian sterile 20 like kinase 1  is a serine/threonine kinase of the Hippo signaling pathway, with regulating apoptosis as one of its major functions . Prior studies in the heart concluded that Mst1 induces cardiac damage through activating myocyte apoptosis and that inhibiting Mst1 is cardioprotective by reducing myocyte apoptosis . The tacit assumption is that Mst1 regulates cardiomyocyte numbers, thereby affecting cardiac function, but this has rarely been measured.
Advances in high throughput sequencing technologies present the opportunity to infer aspects of biological mechanisms from vast amounts of sequence data—the cell's own language for encoding those mechanisms. Such inferences rely on the assumption that sequence patterns that have been conserved for a billion years or more reflect important structural or mechanistic similarities. More relevant to the analysis here, divergent patterns that are conserved in descendent proteins maintaining a particular divergent function likewise reflect important structural or mechanistic differences.
MicroRNAs  are endogenously processed non coding RNAs which regulate gene expression by blocking the translation or decreasing the stability of mRNAs . They are initially transcribed by RNA polymerase II into larger transcripts, called pri miRNAs . In the nucleus, the RNase III Drosha, interacting with DGCR8, cleaves pri miRNAs to form pre miRNAs .
Mitral valve repair has become the gold standard treatment for patients with mitral regurgitation and most commonly includes the implantation of an annuloplasty ring  which invariably changes the geometry, dynamics and force distribution of the mitral annulus . Such annular changes have been demonstrated to perturb the geometry of the mitral leaflets during valve closure , which has been associated with alterations in physiological stress patterns acting on the leaflets and suboptimal repair durability . The effects of annuloplasty rings on mitral leaflet dynamics are, however, less clear.
Mammalian TOR is a constitutively expressed, evolutionarily conserved protein kinase which plays a central role in the regulation of cell growth, proliferation, apoptosis, and metabolism . mTORC1 contains mTOR, raptor, mLST8  and PRAS40, and its function is acutely inhibited by rapamycin, a potent immunosuppressant with anti tumor effect . Mammalian TORC2 is resistant to acute rapamycin inhibition.
The Wellcome Trust Case Control Consortium  genome wide association  study, in addition to the detection of four new and confirmed type I diabetes  loci, provided some evidence for previously undetected  T1D loci with effect sizes in the range of odds ratios between 1.1 and 1.3. The evidence provided by such GWA studies for these previously undetected loci can be pooled together in meta analysis studies or used to design follow up studies. Both of these approaches provide the additional samples required to detect novel loci with robust statistical power.
Desmoplastic small round cell tumor  is a rare and aggressive sarcoma that typically affects adolescent and young adult Caucasian males . Patients usually present with nonspecific abdominal symptoms, an abdominopelvic mass, and diffuse peritoneal lesions. Because of the rarity of this disease, no general consensus has been reached regarding staging and treatment.
Differentiated phenotypes derived from pluripotent stem cells are potential cell sources for tissue engineering and therapeutic applications, but effective and robust methods for scale up production have yet to be identified. Scale up bioreactors are typically based on stir based suspension systems, which not only remove gradients of cytokines and metabolic byproducts caused by biological activity, but also decrease the medium to cell ratio by minimizing areas of stagnant volume. Initial studies indicate, however, that cells cultured on microcarriers may be more sensitive to shear stress  and therefore motivate a more thorough understanding of the biological impact of shear stress parameters .
The prevalence of asthma has increased since 2001 in the United States and is a major public health problem in many countries such as Colombia, which has a prevalence estimated at 1012%., Childhood asthma causes considerable morbidity, interference with normal daily activities, and a burden for the whole family. It is a major reason for absence from school, admissions to hospital, and visits to the emergency department, especially during periods when it is inadequately controlled. Identification of asthma is particularly important in infants and preschoolers due to the fact that almost 80% of asthmatic patients start having symptoms during the first 5 years of their life.
The most common cause of damage to the myocardium is ischemic injury resulting from occlusion of the coronary arteries. Numerous investigators have observed a decreased ability of the aged myocardium to tolerate an ischemic or hypoxic stress in both animal models and in human subjects. , In addition, aging decreases myocardial tolerance to specific components of ischemic injury, including oxidative stress.
Vascular response to mechanical injury comprises 2 main processes, neointimal hyperplasia and vessel remodeling. The three major subfamilies of MAPKs, i.e. extracellular signal regulated kinase , c Jun N terminal Kinase  and p38MAPK are activated in response to stimuli such as cytokines and growth factors, and studies using both genetic models as well as pharmacological inhibitors of MAPKs showed significant inhibition of neointimal hyperplasia after injury, indicating that MAPKs promote neointima formation. MAPKs are regulated by a three tiered kinase cascade in which the MAPK is phosphorylated and activated by a MAP kinase kinase, which in turn is phosphorylated and activated by a MAP kinase kinase kinase .
In our previous study on individuals with autism spectrum disorder   we reported abnormalities in the attention orienting frontal event related potentials  and the sustained attention centro parietal ERPs in a visual oddball experiment. The character of rTMS induced plasticity depends on the intensity, frequency, and number of magnetic pulses during stimulation sessions, and the excitability of the targeted cortex. Autism is associated with cortical cytoarchitectural abnormalities .
Hepatic stellate cells  are the principle source of hepatic collagen, and therefore, play a critical role in the development and maintenance of hepatic fibrosis, a nefarious consequence of all chronic liver diseases regardless of etiopathogenesis, . In health, HSCs store retinoids and generate little if any collagen. Thus, reversal and/or inhibition of hepatic fibrosis requires HSC apoptosis.
The ERBB4 receptor tyrosine protein kinase gene is involved in the production of different isoforms of the ERBB4 protein through alternative splicing . ERBB4 binds trophic factors, such as neuregulin 1  or neuregulin 3. In prior epidemiologic studies, genetic variations and risk haplotypes in ERBB4 were associated with SCZ and BPD  in several ethnicities .
CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells  constitute 510% of peripheral CD4+ T cells in naïve mice . Tumors may differentiate, expand, recruit and activate Treg  via multiple mechanisms . When compared with naïve Treg, suppressor functions of tumor Treg have been reported to be ineffective, comparable or enhanced in various tumor models .
Results of the recent Treatment of Preserved Cardiac Function Heart Failure with an Aldosterone Antagonist  trial examining the clinical benefit of mineralocorticoid receptor  antagonism in patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction  were negative. However, interpretation of these results is hampered by broad inclusion criteria resulting in a heterogeneous patient population that could mask specific patient subgroups that may preferentially benefit from MR antagonism,. One of these potential populations are patients with diabetes, obesity and the metabolic syndrome  that exhibit >30% prevalence of cardiac diastolic dysfunction , the major cardiac functional defect in HFpEF.
For more than 1/3 of individuals ages 1824 in the U.S., the transition into adulthood co occurs with transitions into, through, and out of college . During this developmental period these young adults must learn to navigate new freedoms and responsibilities , tasks which may be especially challenging for those coping with trauma and its effects. Trauma and resulting post traumatic stress  symptoms are unfortunately common in young adults attending college .
It has been known for some time that tumor cells can have impaired HLA class I antigen expression during the course of tumor progression . HLA class I antigen downregulation or loss often occurs in tumor cells when the primary tumor breaks the basal membrane, invades the surrounding tissues, and/or starts to metastasize to regional lymph nodes or distant organs . Tumor induced immune modulation of surrounding tissue including sentinel lymph nodes plays an important role in this invasive/metastatic process.
Immunodominance is a well established phenomenon whereby a few specific peptides are selected as representative epitopes of a given protein antigen to the immune system. Many studies have aimed to understand mechanisms of epitope selection and immunodominance; a range of hypotheses related to the structural features of antigens, sensitivity to proteases,, epitope affinity for MHC class II, T cell precursor frequency, and T cell receptor affinity for peptide/MHCII have been considered. Efficient displacement of CLIP from the MHC groove requires the accessory molecule HLA DM in human or H2 M in mice .
Acetaminophen  is a widely used analgesic and antipyretic drug. Despite recent substantial progress in understanding the pathogenesis of APAP hepatotoxicity in rodents  and in humans , many questions regarding the mechanisms of APAP induced liver injury remain to be answered. However, an excess of NAPQI after APAP overdose depletes GSH and binds to cellular proteins .
Antigen receptor diversity due to VJ recombination is the hallmark of the adaptive immune system in jawed vertebrates. The large pool of V gene segments is situated upstream of Dδ, Jδ and Jα gene segments and could therefore contribute to both rearranged Tcrd  and Tcra  genes. The factors that direct particular V gene segments for usage as Vδ or Vα gene segments remain unknown .
Preterm  birth  is a complex adverse outcome of pregnancy, accounting for approximately 70% of perinatal mortality, and is a major predictor of long term neurologic morbidity  . Despite intense research and clinical efforts, progress in preventing PTB has been disappointing . This represents an increase in the PTB rate of 20% since 1990,  .
The genomes of eukaryotic cells are constantly being subjected to exogenous and endogenous genotoxic stresses. Damage resulting from exposure to these stresses threatens cell survival and can lead to cancer, as well as other genetic diseases. In order to preserve genomic integrity and ensure that an accurate copy of the genome is passed on to subsequent generations, cells have evolved a core surveillance machinery known as cell cycle checkpoints.
The hippocampal formation comprises a group of cortical regions including the dentate gyrus, hippocampus, subiculum, presubiculum, parasubiculum and the entorhinal cortex . The dentate gyrus, in turn, projects to the CA3 field of the hippocampus. However, the neuroanatomical organization of the major connections of the primate dentate gyrus, namely the mossy fibers, the associational projection and the local projections, has received relatively meager investigation .
Several studies have examined the longitudinal course of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder  in samples of male subjects . Although recent studies have begun to examine ADHD in females , few studies have examined its longitudinal course in these samples . Also, the influence of sex on the course of ADHD has yet to be specifically tested.
CD4+ T cell activation involves the formation of a highly organized interface between the T cell and the antigen presenting cell  known as the immunological synapse  . This process requires differential polarization of surface and intracellular molecules to the IS proximal pole  or to the antipodal pole of the T cell , in a cytoskeleton dependent manner . In addition, T cell polarization is highly dynamic as illustrated by the early detection of signalling TCR microclusters or signalosomes in the outer ring of the synapse  and their subsequent movement to the centre of the synapse where they are internalized and destined to degradation , thus ensuring signal down regulation  .
In the United States, and more prominently in South Carolina, a large and widening disparity in breast cancer mortality rates has been reported between African American and European American women . The cause of this disparity has been attributed to factors ranging from differences in tumor biology, to environmental factors, to socioeconomic and cultural differences between the groups . Socioeconomic status and cultural beliefs could affect a woman's survival through certain time intervals across the breast cancer diagnosis continuum, resulting in delays in detection, diagnosis, and treatment.
While numerous molecular targets have been identified and several targeted molecular imaging agents have been reported for the detection of malignant tumors, only a handful of them showed limited clinical potential. This is in part due to the widespread expression of these molecular targets, in both cancerous and normal tissues. Cathepsin E , a tumor associated protein which is an intracellular non lysosomal aspartic proteolytic enzyme, was observed in several tumors including pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma , cervical, gastric and intestinal cancers.
Mutations in the gene HPRT1, encoding the enzyme hypoxanthine guanine phosphoribosyltransferase , are known to cause a rare X linked metabolic disorder, Lesch Nyhan disease . Many different diseasecausing mutations have been reported . Residual HPRT enzyme function is the most important factor for determining the variable severity of the clinical phenotype.
Current recommendations for measuring the cerebrospinal fluid opening pressure obtained during lumbar puncture include performance of lumbar puncture in the lateral recumbent position, followed by repeat measurement after extension of the legs and placement of the neck in the neutral position. ,, Extending the legs is thought to decrease intra abdominal pressure, thereby avoiding false elevations of the opening pressure. In our experience, many pediatric lumbar punctures are performed with the patient in the flexed lateral recumbent position without returning the patient to the extended position for measurement of opening pressure .
Increased spontaneous neural activity is a major consequence of intense sound exposure that has been observed at several levels of the mammalian auditory system, including the cochlear nucleus, inferior colliculus and auditory cortex . Such changes are potentially disruptive to normal signal detection and information processing in neurons further downstream from hyperactive cell populations. Knowledge of the mechanisms underlying the induction of hyperactivity would thus seem likely to have important implications for the understanding and treatment of tinnitus and other related hearing disorders .
When naïve T cells are stimulated by antigen, engagement of CD28 by its ligands CD80 or CD86  lowers the threshold for activation . Also when human T cells are expanded in vitro with HIV or influenza  antigens, 4 1BB triggering increases expansion of CD8+ T cells with polyfunctional cytokine secretion and higher perforin and granzyme A expression . In such A/PR8 infection, 41BBL is redundant for the primary response but remains essential for secondary T cell expansion upon antigen re encounter.
Neuronal firing patterns are shaped by the characteristics of the after hyperpolarization  following action potentials . Control over the computational state of excitable cells can be exerted via activation of SK channels alone, as for example in hippocampal LTP, whereby adding or removing SK channels from the plasma membrane modulates EPSP strength  . Cochlear hair cells can be functionally and spatially divided into inner and outer hair cells.
Oxidative stress induced cell damage is implicated in many neurological disorders including stroke, spinal cord injury, and periventricular leukomalacia , the major underlying pathology for cerebral palsy and cognitive impairment associated with prematurity . Premyelinating oligodendrocytes  as well as axons  are damaged in PVL , resulting in subsequent myelination abnormalities and neurological deficits in long term survivors. The exquisite susceptibility of preOLs to free radical mediated oxidative damage in comparison to mature differentiated OLs appears to account for the vulnerability of developing cerebral white matter to hypoxic/ischemic insults .
Advances in the therapy of heart failure  have delayed disease progression and prolonged survival. Earlier use of neurohormonal antagonists and devices have diminished untimely sudden death, leaving more patients with symptoms of advanced HF . Yet there is little understanding about the trajectory of patient preferences in heart failure .
Progressive hepatolenticular degeneration, also known as Wilson’s disease , is a genetic disorder characterized by excess copper accumulation in the liver and other vital organs., If untreated, WD can lead to severe disability, a need for liver transplantation and death. Before chelation therapy was introduced by John Walshe in 1956, WD had been almost invariably progressive and fatal. There is clear evidence to suggest that both D pen and trientine can mobilize copper ions stored in the body tissues and reroute them into circulation, thus increasing the concentrations of copper in the brain.
Microbes secrete a range of products that aid in adhesion to surfaces and to other cells , but even within a single species, microbes vary widely in their tendency to adhere . Adhesion is critical for the formation of surface attached microbial communities known as biofilms . When conditions are suitable, cells strengthen their attachment and divide to form a growing population on the surface .
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is the most frequently performed abdominal surgical procedure, and one of the most common operations in Europe and the United States . Surgical morbidity has been reported as 24%, however the incidence of major complications that require acute re intervention is much lower . Whether this procedure should be performed routinely is still an active subject of debate, as systematic reviews are inconclusive .
Id  proteins are helix loop helix  transcription factors that regulate cell proliferation and differentiation. Id proteins are mainly expressed during embryogenesis and are required for maintaining the timing of neuronal differentiation. However, expression of Id proteins is reactivated in many human cancers.
It has long been known that cigarette smoking and other forms of tobacco consumption are addicting, and that addiction is at least in part caused by nicotine . Nicotine, believed to be the substance primarily responsible for addiction to tobacco smoking, is a simple molecule that affects many parts of the brain through binding sites on nicotinic acetylcholine receptors . When acetylcholinergic neurons release acetylcholine, it binds to muscarinic and nicotinic acetylcholine receptors and generally stimulates the release of glutamate and GABA.
Long term persistence of mycobacteria in the face of an apparently robust immune response thwarts tuberculosis control, and may explain the inefficacy of the BCG vaccine. Tuberculosis begins with the phagocytosis of mycobacteria by macrophages and dendritic cells at the site of infection, and the migration of infected cells into deeper tissues where they aggregate with additional macrophages and other immune cells to form characteristic structures called granulomas. It has been hypothesized that superinfecting or re infecting bacteria are able to survive by evading established granulomas where pre existing immune elements are concentrated .
Since their characterization, cytosine phosphate guanine  oligodeoxynucleotides  have been studied as immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of different diseases, including various cancers. Members of the CpG A ODN family are potent natural killer  cell activators, and induce effective responses against NK sensitive tumors. CpG B ODNs are effective activators of B cells, less so of NK cells, and induce a stronger effect when a more elaborate and lengthy immune response needs to be orchestrated.
Identification and isolation of adult stem cells are still challenging for stem cell biologists. For example, no consensus exists yet regarding definitive markers for corneal epithelial stem cells, which have been recognized to reside in a ring around the peripheral cornea called the limbus for two decades. The evidence through previous studies leaves little doubt that corneal epithelial stem cells reside in the limbus, and these cells exhibit the full complement of well defined keratinocyte stem cell properties .
Prenatal stress has been associated with increased vulnerability to psychiatric disturbances such as schizophrenia, depression, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism . Together with genetic factors, the nature of the postnatal environment, the quality of maternal attention, and stress experienced in utero can determine the behaviour of offspring . Maternal anxiety in late pregnancy has been shown to produce anxiety like behaviour as well as alterations in plasma cortisol in the offspring, reflecting altered regulation of the hypothalamic pituitary  adrenal  axis .
Obstetrical Brachial Plexus Palsy  is a common birth injury, occurring in approximately three in every 1000 births; ; ; . Enhanced knowledge of how the sequelae associated with OBPP affects the three dimensional  humeral architecture will likely support improved efficacy of OBPP management strategies . The studies that have focused on humeral pathology demonstrated atrophy; ;  and “retroversion” on the involved side .
Friedreich ataxia  is an autosomal recessive neurodegenerative disorder caused by mutations in the FXN gene, reducing the levels of the mitochondrial protein frataxin . Deficiency of frataxin leads to increased intramitochondrial iron levels, deficiency of iron sulfur cluster containing enzymes, and enhanced sensitivity to oxidative stress . Patients usually present during adolescence with progressive limb and gait ataxia, dysarthria, and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy .
Gonads are essential parts of animal reproductive systems. Somatic gonads provide environment for proper maintenance and development of germline and support transport of gametes and subsequent fertilization. In the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, hermaphroditic somatic gonads exhibit highly coordinated contractile activities during ovulation, a process to expel a mature oocyte out of the ovary .
Parkinson’s disease is a neurological disorder characterized by the progressive loss of dopaminergic neurons in specific brain areas and occurs most prevalently in older adults . The Parkinsonian voice has been described qualitatively as breathy, rough, hoarse, tremulous, abnormally pitched, having reduced pitch range, and unusually quiet  . Some studies have found higher mean F0 values in individuals with Parkinsonian voice , particularly in males .
Inflammatory molecules play a pivotal role in tumorigenesis and cancer progression . However, little is known about the mechanism of action of LL 37 on tumor cells. LL 37 initiates these responses through multiple receptors including the Gαi proteincoupled receptor , formyl peptide receptorlike 1 , the epidermal growth factor receptor , the purinergic receptor P2X7, and another receptor  that remains uncharacterized .
The anterior olfactory nucleus  is a cortical structure located in the olfactory peduncle, caudal to the olfactory bulb and rostral to the piriform cortex, and receives a significant input from mitral and tufted cells in the olfactory bulb . It has significant reciprocal connections with both the bulb and the piriform cortex , and is thought to play an important role in relaying information between the left and right hemispheres  . The AON is comprised of subregions  that are named for their relative location in the AON: pars dorsalis, pars lateralis, pars ventralis , pars medialis, and pars externa .
Shock wave lithotripsy  is an effective means of removing uncomplicated stone burdens of 2 centimeters or less located in the upper urinary tract , and is the most preferred therapy by urologists  and patients  alike. Despite such wide acceptance, however, both human and animal studies have documented a consistent and predictable pattern of acute tissue injury and impaired renal hemodynamics after SWL . The tissue injury primarily occurs in the microvascular system of the renal medulla and spreads into the cortex toward the capsule where a subcapsular hematoma may form.
The aphelids are a phylogenetically divergent group of intracellular parasitoids of common species of eukaryotic phytoplankton. There are three known genera: Aphelidium, Amoeboaphelidium, and Pseudaphelidium, but the group is very diverse, including many related environmental sequences . The phyla Microsporidia and Cryptomycota , and the class Aphelidea have recently been shown to be the deepest branches of the ‘Holomycota’ lineage forming the so called ARM clade , which is sister to the classical fungi .
Microarrays using bacterial cells as sensors have found many uses in such areas as high throughput assays of gene expression,,  detection of toxins,  and determination of the bioavailability of chemicals in soil. For example, contamination by Salmonella spp. A majority of the documented methods for bacterial immobilization utilize either the physical entrapment of bacteria or the nonspecific binding of bacterial cells  on chemically modified surfaces.
Cardiomyocytes undergo remodeling in response to pathological stimuli, such as neurohumoral factors, pressure or volume overload, biomechanical stress, myocarditis, or inherited mutations . Thus, understanding the cellular signaling events regulating cardiac function may facilitate therapeutic measures to prevent development of cardiac disease . RhoA belongs to the Rho subfamily of GTP binding proteins that regulate the actin cytoskeleton.
Cyclin D1, a protein involved in cell cycle progression, is thought to be the point of convergence of mitogenic signal transduction cascades . In addition to this cell cycle related function, it was recently shown that cyclin D1 acts as a transcriptional regulator in a CDK independent manner  . Yet, experiments in cyclin D1 null mice  or cyclin D1 deficient cells have shown that cyclin D1 is necessary for tumor development .
The natural alkaloid epibatidine, while showing high affinity to neuronal nAChRs and an analgesic effect in animal models of pain, produces many negative side effects including toxicity, hypertension, respiratory paralysis and seizures due, in part, to its low selectivity for central nAChRs . Neuronal nAChRs consist of various combinations of α2 α10 and β2 β4 subunits and are differently distributed in various regions of the mammalian nervous system with respect to their subunit composition . The α4β2 is a major nAChR subtype of the central nervous system , while α3β4, though detected in some brain regions, predominates in the periphery , and α7 nAChRs are present in both central and peripheral regions of the nervous system .
Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers and is responsible for 14% of all cancer related deaths in women and 1.6% of all female deaths worldwide. Presently, nearly 4.5 million women worldwide have been diagnosed with breast cancer during the last five years. When detected early, breast cancer is very treatable and therefore the ability to diagnose breast cancer in its early stages is vital to significantly improving the 5 year survival rate.
Fyn is a tyrosine kinase that belongs to the Src family of protein tyrosine kinases  . Fyn is highly expressed in the adult brain , and plays an important role in the central nervous system  . Fyn is composed of a regulatory and a catalytic domain .
Growing evidence from preclinical and clinical studies suggests that stem cell therapy may provide a viable therapeutic alternative to restore the target organ . Development of a sensitive, noninvasive imaging technology to track the engraftment of transplanted stem cells will be critical in monitoring therapeutic efficacy . MRI using super paramagnetic iron oxide  cell labeling techniques is emerging as the main diagnostic modality to track the transplanted stem cells.
Self poisoning through ingestion of Oduvanthalai is common in South India. Mortality may occur due to arrhythmias, renal failure, shock and respiratory distress. This prospective, clinical study was designed to assess renal tubular dysfunction due to Oduvanthalai poisoning .
Pain is a significant health concern with considerable economic and emotional costs. However, pain perception can vary greatly between individuals . For example, significant associations have been observed between clinical pain and lower order, pain related constructs including: pain catastrophizing , ; fear of pain , ; anxiety , , ; anxiety sensitivity , ; and somatosensory amplification , 6.
Mutations in the gene encoding presenilin 1  are responsible for many cases of early onset familial Alzheimer’s disease , in part by increasing amyloid β peptide  production as a result of aberrant processing of the amyloid β protein precursor . Presenilin dependent γ secretase is involved in intramembranous proteolysis of many proteins, which suggests that PS1 may have Aβ independent roles in regulating synaptic function . Modifications of synaptic plasticity could thus be critical for understanding synaptotoxicity involved in AD .
Tumors that recur after an initially positive response to treatment are often resistant to chemotherapeutic drugs. To date, the mechanism of clinical tumor resistance to cisplatin is not entirely understood, despite intensive research to identify the basis of resistance. It is important to explore the mechanism responsible for cisplatin resistance to improve its therapeutic index and overcome the resistance to this drug that emerges in the clinic .
Recent advances in the treatment of lung cancers have come from recognition that lung cancers are not a single disease entity, but rather a collection of distinct molecularly driven neoplasms. BRAF is a member of the RAF kinase family of serine/threonine protein kinases which have diverse roles in mediating proliferation and survival. Upon activation by RAS, BRAF phosphorylates MEK leading to activation of ERK and the ERK signaling pathway.
Isolated renal phosphate wasting and subsequent hypophosphatemia may result from a number of genetic syndromes that include: autosomal dominant hypophosphatemic rickets , X linked hypophosphatemic rickets , and autosomal recessive hypophosphatemic rickets . Furthermore, ARHR patients manifest peri osteocytic lesions upon bone biopsy, which are a hallmark of XLH . We previously demonstrated that homozygous mutations in Dentin matrix protein 1 , including the deletion of nucleotides 1484 1490  and the missense replacement of the initial methionine with valine, , are causative for ARHR .
There is increasing evidence for a link between bone metabolism and the vasculature. Thus, elderly women with osteoporosis  or with high bone turnover  have increased cardiovascular mortality. These findings collectively suggest that changes in bone turnover affect the vasculature, although the possible mechanism of this are unclear .
UV resonance Raman  spectroscopy is recognized as a powerful technique for probing peptide and protein secondary structure. UVRR spectroscopy also provides insight into the geometry of the excited states and electronic transitions through Raman excitation profiles and Raman depolarization ratios. Alanine based peptides are often used as theoretical and experimental models to study protein conformation and folding.
Intestinal commensals are potential important contributors to the development of sporadic human colorectal cancer , but the identification of relevant microorganisms has been impeded by the complex ecology of the large intestine . the human colon contains >400 species with >1011 colony forming units  per gram of feces . An alternate approach involves focusing on commensals that can confer long term exposure to the host and are potentially mutagenic .
Myocardial infarction  is a leading cause of death worldwide, . Although the mortality rate from MI has declined steadily over the last 50 years due to the application of medical innovations, scientific discoveries, and improvements in public health, the total number of deaths is on the rise. The healing of acute ischemic myocardial injury influences the outcomes post infarction decisively.
Carbonic anhydrase  on the extracellular membrane surface is found in a variety of tissues that include kidney , lung , and skeletal muscle . The principal isoforms of ECA in the brain are CA4  and CA14  and both enzymes catalyze the buffering of activity dependent pHe transients  . Although ECA plays a role in buffering the brain extracellular space, the CAs are also involved in the transport of protons or bicarbonate .
Natural killer  cells are known to provide a critical host defence system during the early phases of infection with a variety of viruses, fungi, bacteria and parasites . NK cells do not possess conventional clonotypic antigen specific receptors but are capable of spontaneously killing tumour and virus infected cells that have down regulated one or more MHC molecules and/or expressed certain stress antigens on their surface .. NK cells have also been shown to play an important role during pregnancy , autoimmunity and tissue inflammation  . Target recognition and cytokine stimulation are the two major triggering mechanisms for NK cells and both shape their effector responses .
Spinal transection in humans results in an irreversible loss of motor and sensory functions. In a number of other vertebrates like cyclostomes , some teleosts  and tailed amphibians  the spinal cord seems to have self repairing mechanisms that lead to total or partial recovery of sensory motor functions. According to  “urodeles thus constitute the most advanced phylogenetic group in which functional regeneration occurs following lesions that interrupt ascending and descending pathways of the spinal cord”.
Tissue morphogenesis occurs in the complex and changing environment of a developing organism. Individual cells must interact with and respond to this environment to execute their appropriate developmental fates. Integrins are heterodimeric transmembrane receptors composed of an α and a β subunit.
Older adults constitute an increasing proportion of people living with HIV disease. The most recent CDC report indicates that 35% of HIV infected individuals in the US are age 50 and above, which represents a significant rise from 17% in 2001 . This steady increase has been attributed to both the success of combination antiretroviral therapy  in reducing the rate of mortality associated with HIV/AIDS, and recent findings indicating increasing rates of HIV seroconversion among older adults .
Language shift from Spanish to English has been studied in different communities in the United States . In general, when a minority group comes into contact with a dominant host group, language shift frequently results —a phenomenon that has been documented in a number of countries where minority language groups come in contact with more dominant cultural groups . Mexicans who abandon the use of Spanish as they increase their English language usage are said to have experienced a language shift—a transition that may at times be the product of socially coercive processes.
Apoptotic dysregulation is a fundamental characteristic of cancer that allows transformed cells to survive and proliferate . The family currently consists of eight members that are characterized by the presence of one or more baculoviral IAP repeat  domains and are highly conserved among mammalian and non mammalian species  . XIAP can bind and inhibit activation of procaspases 9, 7, and 3 .
Acute lung injury  is a common cause of life threatening acute respiratory failure in children and adults. ALI is characterized by activation of the pulmonary endothelium, disruption of endothelial and alveolar epithelial barriers, and an increase in microvascular permeability, resulting in protein rich pulmonary edema . While the exact pathogenetic mechanisms of this clinical disorder are unknown, an understanding of these mechanisms is critical for the development of novel therapies .
The Hedgehog  pathway controls cell proliferation and differentiation in response to a gradient of secreted Hh ligands . Smo is an essential, non redundant transducer of Hh signals whose activation leads to activation of GLI type transcription factors, which in turn induce the expression of Hh target genes. These target genes include downstream transcription factors such as Mycn , along with core Hh pathway components including Ptch1 and Gli1.
Clinical imaging of the longitudinal relaxation time, T1, in human subjects has several potential applications, including perfusion imaging , dynamic contrast imaging , assessment of Parkinson’s disease , assessment of schizophrenia  and multiple sclerosis , and quantification of myocardial blood flow . DESPOT1 derives T1 from two or more spoiled gradient recalled echo  images acquired with a constant TR and different flip angles. This transformed linear least squares fitting method—first described by Gupta in 1977 , which we denote as GLLS, and used in many previous works —has the advantage of being computationally efficient.
Depression is associated with increased mortality risk after acute myocardial infarction , with an approximate relative risk of 2.4 for all cause mortality  according to a meta analysis of 22 studies. However, there have been relatively few published studies of depression as a predictor of mortality in unstable angina . UA patients comprise about 26 percent of hospitalized patients with acute coronary syndrome , and although long term prognosis is more favorable compared with MI patients, early invasive revascularization strategies are less beneficial for prevention of recurrent events in UA patients.
In eukaryotic cells, molecular oxygen primarily functions as the terminal acceptor of electrons during mitochondrial electron transport. Most of the oxygen consumed in this process is reduced to water by cytochrome oxidase. Normally, only a small percentage of the total oxygen consumption appears as partially reduced species such as the superoxide ion and hydrogen peroxide.
Ethanol exposure during pregnancy causes birth defects  and can lead to fetal alcohol spectrumdisorders  . FASD symptoms generally include growth deficiency and brain damage. FASD is one of the major contributors to intellectual disability in the Westernworld .
Abundant evidence implicates the peptide hormones oxytocin and arginine vasopressin in the regulation of social behavior. In humans, intranasal oxytocin administration increased trust and prosocial behaviors in experimental economic tasks , and led to a higher ratio of positive to negative behaviors during the discussion of a marital disagreement , compared to participants who received the placebo administration . High peripheral oxytocin levels have been associated with better relationship quality.
Prenatal and early postnatal exposures and events can affect the entire life course. As one example, cesarean birth has been associated with an increased likelihood of asthma and cardiovascular disease in children, hypertension in young adults, and obesity in both children and adults. Among 1032 infants studied at age 1 month, Penders and colleagues used polymerase chain reaction to quantify total bacteria and five bacterial taxa, finding that cesarean birth was associated with higher carriage of Clostridium difficile and lower abundance of Bacteroides and Bifidobacteria, thereby confirming Biasucci.
Identifying novel approaches to detect EOCs more effectively would have a substantial clinical impact in reducing ovarian cancer related mortality. Fewer than 30% of patients diagnosed with advanced epithelial ovarian cancer  survive more than 5 years after their initial diagnosis . If more reliable blood based biomarkers made it possible to detect ovarian cancers earlier, it is clear that may lives could be saved .
Bregs are present in several murine models of chronic inflammation, including collagen induced arthritis , inflammatory bowel disease, and experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis  . This regulatory function appears to be directly mediated by the production of IL 10 and by the ability of B cells to interact with pathogenic T cells to dampen harmful immune responses . Although the most widely used markers for B regs are the expression of IL 10 and CD19, combinations of other surface molecules including CD1d/CD21 , CD5/CD1d  or CD1d, CD21, CD23 and CD24 )  have emerged as additional markers for the identification of this subset of B cells .
This paper addresses the question: when both selection and demography vary over time in a structured population with overlapping generations, how can we measure the long run expected strength of selection on quantitative traits? may have been the first to consider selection for structured populations in variable environments for which population dynamics are modeled by projection matrices. Here, we build in another layer of complexity experienced by many organisms: selection may also vary over time among environments in addition to over the life cycle .
Dendritic spines are small protrusions on the surface of dendrites that receive the majority of excitatory synapses, and changes in their morphology are implicated in synaptic plasticity and long term memory . Many cell adhesion molecules are located on the surface of dendritic spines and play important roles in dendritic spine formation and plasticity, including Eph receptors and ephrins, neuroligins, and neurexins, as well as cadherins and integrins . These cell surface proteins mediate dendritic spine communications with presynaptic terminals, glial cells, or components of the extracellular matrix, and trigger intracellular signaling cascades that influence actin cytoskeletal organization in dendritic spines .
Thousands of single gene, mitochondrial, and chromosomal disorders have been described. Often, patients who are followed in genetics clinics remain without a diagnosis for years. We describe a patient who was diagnosed with a Williams like syndrome as a child based upon the aortic stenosis and facial features.
Sepsis is a progressive, inflammatory response to overwhelming infection associated with tissue hypoperfusion and multiorgan dysfunction. At present, therapeutic interventions to treat ALI or ARDS remain limited. Based on pathophysiologically oriented views, ALI and ARDS can be of pulmonary  or extrapulmonary  origin.
Homologous recombination  promotes the repair of DNA double strand breaks and facilitates the recovery of stalled or collapsed replication folks,. In mitotic cells, two major mechanisms ensure the timely elimination of joint molecules. Secondly, structure selective endonucleases resolve joint molecules to form both COs and NCOs.
Chronic disease is the central health care problem in the United States  and beyond. Nearly one out of two Americans suffer from at least one chronic disease, and chronic diseases contribute to the majority of U.S. health care costs. Chronic diseases often require extensive lifestyle changes and consistent attention from both the person who has the disease and the care provider.
Data have accumulated demonstrating that the adult olfactory epithelium  retains stem cells that are competent to make neurons, i.e., neural stem cells, and that the population of globose basal cells  is likely to include stem cells capable of replacing destroyed neurons and all other epithelial cell types during the recovery of the epithelium from direct or indirect injury. While still subject to investigation, it has been suggested that a set of multipotent olfactory progenitor  cells resides among the GBC population of the OE and can be activated after lesion when both neurons and non neuronal cells need to be replaced . For example, cells that are phenotypically transitional between GBCs and sustentacular cells and between GBCs and HBCs are observed after MeBr lesion , and truncated Mash1 mRNA persists in both sustentacular cells and the basal cells in Mash 1 knockout mice .
The zebrafish is gaining popularity in a number of disciplines that can utilize the sophisticated genetic methods already available for this species, the pharmacological tools originally developed for other laboratory model organisms, and also numerous practical advantages of zebrafish, e.g., its small size and prolific nature. Behavioral brain research is one of these disciplines. Indeed recently there has been an upsurge of publications that focus on the characterization of the behavior of zebrafish and the development of novel behavioral tasks .
HIV/AIDS is a leading cause of infectious disease mortality worldwide. HLA A,  B, and  C genes encode molecules that bind antigenic peptides, and present the peptides to CD8+ T cells, thereby initiating a cytotoxic T cell  response during infection. In a study by Gao et al , accelerated AIDS progression among HLA B*35 positive individuals was attributed to HLA B*35 Px alleles  .
Falls are common among individuals with Parkinson disease , a progressive neurodegenerative movement disorder affecting more than 1 million people in the United States. Fall related hip fractures in the United States cost approximately $192 million annually. , Seventy percent of patients experienced a fall within a one year period, with 50% of fallers experiencing a recurrent fall in the subsequent year .
Cortical bone is a composite material containing approximately 20 25% water by volume  . Bone water occurs at various locations and in different binding states. In normal bone the majority of bone water is loosely bound to the organic matrix , with a minor fraction tightly bound to bone mineral  .
The potential risks surrounding a pandemic outbreak of influenza would apply to any new variant of the influenza virus, although, there is a significant clinical difference in the immunopathology of certain influenza strains when humans have been infected . Little attention, however, has been given to the intrinsic ability of humans to mount an immune response against an emerging strain of influenza. Strain A/H5N1 was first identified in domestic chicken stocks in the Far East .
Parvocellular neurons that produce arginine vastotocin  or arginine vasopressin  are present in the medial bed nucleus of the stria terminalis  of almost all land vertebrates . These features have been examined in a wide variety of species, thus we also know a great deal about species differences in anatomical features such as VT/VP cell numbers in the BSTm, and the density of projections to extrahypothalamic brain sites, particularly the lateral septum . Most or all of the VT/VP projections to the LS arise from the neurons of the BSTm, and those BSTm neurons likely innervate other behaviorally relevant regions as well, including the habenula, midbrain central gray, diagonal band of Broca, and the ventral pallidum .
  In line with its theoretical objectives, the study was conceived as qualitative and open ended, aiming at eliciting individual definitions and processes of recovery in order to facilitate in depth understanding of what recovery means and how it happens from the point of view of persons with recurrent mental health problems in Ireland . Constant comparison, theoretical sampling and constant modification of the interview schedule in accordance with the emerging findings  facilitate coding and integration of the theoretical framework . Irish service users consulted during the scoping stage of the study commented that individual interviews were preferable for a recovery study, as people may feel threatened to speak in depth about sensitive individual experiences in a group .
Cardiac muscle contraction is regulated by a Ca2+ triggered cascade of thin and thick filament protein protein interactions. The thin filament is comprised of three molecular units: troponin, tropomyosin, and f actin. Troponin is a heterotrimeric protein complex consisting of troponin C , a Ca2+ binding protein with two EF hand motifs in each terminal domain, troponin I , the subunit which inhibits contraction via its interaction with f actin, and troponin T , a scaffolding protein that tethers troponin to the thin filament through association with cTnI and tropomyosin.
Falls are the leading cause of fatal and nonfatal injuries among adults aged 65 and older . Older adults who fall once are 2 3 times more likely to fall again within one year . Previous research identifies several principal predictors of falls among community dwelling older adults.
The number of patients undergoing primary total hip and knee arthroplasties has steadily increased over the past decade, with nearly 800,000 procedures being performed in the United States each year . The majority of PJIs are thought to occur during surgery, likely originating from skin commensals. This has led to increased screening for S. aureus carriage to ensure that patients undergo decolonization regimens prior to their surgical procedure in an attempt to minimize infection risk .
The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of quantification method on estimates of voluntary quadriceps muscle activation . Twenty two people with no history of serious lower extremity injuries underwent voluntary quadriceps activation testing at 60° of knee flexion. Three electrical pulses at sub maximal intensity were subsequently delivered to familiarize the subjects with electrical stimuli.
Determination of ribonucleic acid structure by NMR spectroscopy can be challenging for a number of reasons. Although spectral resolution can be improved through the use of multi dimensional 13C editing, the aromatic 1H and 13C atoms critical for residue assignment and structure analysis exhibit strong 1H 13C dipolar coupling in larger RNAs, which can result in severely broadened NMR signals. As such, the average size of the 298 RNA NMR structures that have been deposited in the Nucleic Acid Database  to date is only 25 nucleotides, and only 13 comprise more than 50 nucleotides .
Spatial attention helps us select relevant information from rich, noisy, and potentially overwhelming amounts of perceptual information. Although many influential theories of perceptual attention were driven by research in the auditory domain , recent neuroimaging research has predominantly examined the visual modality. One modality can be used to orient another , and we can combine information across modalities to respond to the appropriate location.
Penile cancer is a rare malignancy, and few guidelines are available to define treatment paradigms. For greater understanding of the natural history of surgically treated penile cancer, we analyzed experience at our institution . Using an institutional database, we identified 127 patients treated for squamous cell carcinoma of the penis from 1995  2011.
Each summer U.S. teaching hospitals experience a turnover of resident physicians, leading many to investigate whether declines in patient outcomes occur as a result of operational disruption and relative inexperience of new cohorts of physicians . While substantial variability in results exists across studies of the July effect, most large and high quality studies find a relatively small but statistically significant increase in mortality at the start of the residency year. Mortality outcomes of patients at low risk of inpatient mortality  either because of few severe co morbid conditions or because the disease necessitating hospitalization is relatively low risk  may be unaffected by resident inexperience in July, whereas mortality among hospitalized patients with high predicted mortality may be most affected by errors or relative inexperience at the start of the residency year .
Calicheamicin  γ1I  from Micromonospora echinospora spp. calichensis is a prominent member of the enediyne family due to its unprecedented molecular architecture, remarkable mechanism of action, and clinical utility . Structurally, CLM is a member of the 10 membered enediynes which all share a signature bicycloenediyne core.
Exocyclic nucleobase adducts are among the most important types of DNA damage because of their ability to exert significant biological effects . These lesions are characterized by considerable changes of the molecular size/shape and hydrogen bonding characteristics of the parent nucleobase, leading to mispairing during DNA synthesis . One prominent bis electrophile capable of inducing exocyclic nucleobase lesions is 1,2,3,4 diepoxybutane , the proposed ultimate carcinogenic metabolite of 1,3 butadiene  .
Biologic scaffold materials composed of mammalian extracellular matrix  are commonly used for the repair and reconstruction of injured or missing tissues and organs . The mechanical and material properties of ECM scaffolds and the host tissue response to these biomaterials has been shown to depend upon the tissue specificity of the ECM material , processing methods , hydration , three dimensional configuration , and terminal sterilization . The wide spectrum of clinical outcomes possible as a result of these factors has been recently reviewed for ECM scaffold materials commonly used for orthopedic applications  .
DNA protein cross links  are bulky macromolecular conjugates that can form following the sequential alkylation of DNA and proteins by bis electrophiles. DPCs can be induced by a variety of cytotoxic, mutagenic, and carcinogenic agents, including ionizing radiation , transition metals , endogenous and exogenous aldehydes , and chemotherapeutic drugs . As a result of their bulky nature and their ability to distort DNA structure, DPCs are expected to block the binding and progression of protein complexes involved in crucial cellular processes, including DNA replication, transcription, repair, recombination, and chromatin remodeling .
Hypertension and cerebral amyloid angiopathy  account for most primary intracerebral hemorrhage. CAA affects the vessels of the cortex and leptomeninges without significant involvement of the penetrating. By contrast, hypertension causes arteriosclerosis in both cortical and subcortical arteries.
The use of a newly developed three dimensional  ultrasound method to measure volume blood flow  is reported. This method was originally proposed by  and . At the time they performed their studies, however, suitable 3D scanning technology was not available.
It has been suggested that cultural identification is strongly associated with the expression of certain anxiety disorders . Yet, while this interest is growing, there still remains a dearth of information about the mental health picture of non White race ethnic groups in the United States  . Past studies have primarily documented lower prevalence rates of anxiety disorders in minority groups as compared to their White counterparts.
Cell transplantation shows great promise for repair and restoration of heart function following myocardial infarction . Several interventions, including the use of cells over expressing pro survival/anti apoptotic proteins , and pharmacological agents , have been reported to augment survival, function, and homing of the transplanted cells in the hostile ischemic environment . They reported a higher proportion of engraftment when compared to simpler interventions .
Many common causes of blindness involve the death of retinal photoreceptors: in Retinitis Pigmentosa  mutations, typically in photoreceptor specific genes, lead to progressive degeneration of rods and cones and gradual loss all useful sight. A strategy for improving vision in RP is the development of prostheses based upon retinal implants designed to electrically stimulate deep retinal layers and thereby taking over the function of lost photoreceptors . Both subretinal and epiretinal electronic prostheses have the capability to stimulate retinal ganglion cells  directly .
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma , accounts for 650,000 new cases worldwide  with more than 12% distributed in China . Unfortunately, most patients in China are already in advanced stages when diagnosed and over 76,000 die each year  . Nearly 20% of OSCC patients harbor multiple pre malignant lesions, often identified as leukoplakia .
Hantaviruses, enveloped RNA viruses of the family Bunyaviridae, are known to cause hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome  and hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome  in humans. The HFRS is found primarily in Europe and Asia, and presents as an acute febrile illness associated with marked renal involvement. Hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome, found primarily in North and South America, is characterized by dramatic cardiopulmonary collapse.
Konzo is an upper motor neuron disease characterized by a sudden onset of a non progressive and irreversible spastic paraparesis . Outbreaks of konzo have been reported from several remote rural areas of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Central African Republic, Tanzania, and Mozambique . The pathogenetic mechanisms of konzo have yet to be elucidated.
During adolescence, structural remodeling occurs in a number of brain regions, including the hippocampus, where neural plasticity is a characteristic throughout the lifespan . Adolescence is also a period of rapid behavioral and physiological change. Likewise, developmental changes in learning and memory occur in conjunction with the adolescent development of a variety of social and nonsocial behaviors .
RNA dependent protein kinase  is an interferon induced, double stranded , RNA activated serine/threonine protein kinase that has a well established role in anti viral defense mechanisms. In the absence of viral infections, however, PKR also plays a role in other important cellular functions including growth control, apoptosis regulation, cell proliferation, signal transduction and differentiation. Lastly, in studies of primary human cancers from the head and neck, thyroid and colon, increasing PKR expression has been correlated with more well differentiated tumors and diminished proliferative activity, suggesting that PKR regulates tumor suppression.
Myotendinous junctions  are highly specialized and architecturally complex structures which form at the interface between muscle and tendon . Structural and functional interaction between muscle and tendon cells at the MTJ, especially mechanical force transduction, results in the development of the adult phenotype. Type I collagen is the predominant ECM component comprising more than 60% of the tendon’s dry weight .
Recent epidemiologic studies suggest that sunlight may protect against non Hodgkin lymphoma . Most ,  studies,  including a pooled analysis of 10 studies, have found inverse associations between NHL risk and individual  sun exposure, evaluated in terms of self reported time outdoors, sunbathing or other behavioral exposures during various ages. Ultraviolet radiation  exposure is the product of many factors, including not only duration of sun exposure, and host susceptibility characteristics , but also season and geographic location, among others.
Tumor cells have been characterized by “plasticity”, or the capacity to transition between mesenchymal  or amoeboid  migration mechanisms thought to be analogous to normal physiological function for motile cell types such as fibroblasts or immune cells  . Direct comparisons between tumorigenic and non tumorigenic cell types   thought to utilize analogous migration modes   have revealed important differences in function  . For example, while HT 1080 fibrosarcoma cells  were previously characterized by a mesenchymal mode that was qualitatively similar to motile fibroblasts in collagen , , pronounced differences in cytoskeletal structure and cell adhesion properties have been identified through comparisons with human dermal fibroblasts  cultured using identical 2D and 3D cell culture platforms  .
Over the last four million years, the Earth has undergone frequent climatic oscillations including many ice ages . Recent studies making use of the increased power afforded by genome scale data have allowed to test increasingly finer hypotheses regarding the existence and the timing of post divergence gene flow  . The impact that quaternary climatic fluctuations had on speciation is highly dependent on the taxa and the geographic range .
Eukaryotic cells contain a set of functionally distinct membrane bound compartments called organelles. Peroxisomes are organelles that are found in almost all eukaryotic cells. The family of dynamin related proteins  has been implicated in multiple membrane remodelling events in eukaryotic cells.
18F is the most commonly used isotope for positron emission tomography , due to its nearly ideal imaging properties . Conventionally, 18F is attached to peptides by binding it to a carbon atom , but attachments to silicon  and boron  also have been reported. The most common use of 18F labeled peptides is to image receptor sites in vivo .
Protein motions are necessary for an enzyme's biological function, but the role of enzyme dynamics at various timescales and their contribution toward catalytic activity is not clear. Enzymes undergo slow conformational sampling that involves large regions of the protein moving on time scales of nanoseconds to seconds. In addition, there are local motions that occur on the picosecond to femtosecond time scale.
Weakness in the autoimmune disease, myasthenia gravis  is caused by antibodies directed against skeletal muscle acetylcholine receptors  on the muscle membrane portion of the endplate . These antibodies reduce the number of AChRs at the endplate  by a combination of complement mediated membrane lysis  and acceleration of AChR catabolism by receptor cross linking . Weakness in PTMG begins about 12 hours after antibody injection and peaks at 48 hours .
The link between chronic inflammation and tumor progression is now a well accepted concept . Natural plant derived compounds are an attractive class of investigational agents for cancer prevention and treatment. TRP, a diterpenoid triepoxide, has been used as an anti inflammatory agent for diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis for centuries in Chinese natural medicine .
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers  are flame retardant chemicals that have been used in commercial products such as textiles, plastics, wood, electronic materials, and polyurethane foam . At high temperatures, PBDEs release bromine radicals that inhibit the spread of flame . For example, in mammalian and avian wildlife, exposures to relevant levels of PBDEs have been linked with deleterious effects on offspring development and thyroid function  .
Smoking is the number one preventable cause of premature death in the United States with approximately 440,000 dying each year . There are several behavioral and pharmacological interventions that improve cessation rates. Nicotine replacement therapies, such as gum or the patch, provide small doses of nicotine, the addictive component in tobacco, to alleviate withdrawal symptoms .
An important logistical limitation of quantitative positron emission tomography  scans is the need to measure, during image acquisition, the concentration over time of the parent radiotracer in plasma, i.e. the input function. This is generally done by collecting serial arterial blood samples, then separating the fraction of parent compound from its radiometabolites. Towards this end, one of the most often studied techniques is image derived input function .
Each year, it is estimated that 250 000 anterior cruciate ligament  reconstruction surgeries are performed in the USA. The average cost associated with ACL injuries, including diagnostic tests, surgery and rehabilitation, is conservatively estimated to be $17 000 per each reconstructive case from 1999 data. Time lost from ACL injury can be 6 months or longer.
Faces, unlike many of the visual stimuli that we encounter each day, are processed holistically. One issue that has complicated progress in understanding holistic processing is that there are numerous different meanings and measures of holistic processing in the literature . Faces are presented sequentially; a study face composed of two face halves is shown, followed by a blank screen or mask, and then a test face.
Young adults ages 1824 have the highest smoking prevalence compared to other age groups in the United States . During young adulthood many people either make the transition from occasional use to addiction or stop smoking . Tobacco industry marketing aggressively targets young adults , and marketing to this group is largely unrestricted in the United States .
Acute and chronic rhinosinusitis are a common cause of significant morbidity and healthcare expenditure. Therapies for CRS are divided into medical and surgical options. Medical therapies have traditionally included antibiotics, corticosteroid and antihistamine nasal sprays, and nasal irrigation.
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  are a diverse family of ligand gated cation channels that are expressed throughout the nervous system. Its dysfunction has been implicated in many neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders such as Alzheimer’s disease , schizophrenia , and Down’s syndrome . Furthermore, in macrophages, α7 AChRs regulate an anti inflammatory pathway by controlling the production of proinflamatory cytokines  .
Endometrial cancer is the most common female gynaecological cancer in the United States, ranking fourth among all cancers in women in age adjusted incidence . However, despite the well established association of estrogens unopposed by progesterone and endometrial cancer , the role of phytoestrogens in endometrial cancer risk has received little attention . Phytoestrogens are non steroidal plant derived compounds, structurally similar to endogenous estrogens, but capable of showing both estrogenic and antiestrogenic effects .
Murine B cell development is a leading developmental system for the analysis of gene regulatory networks that orchestrate cell fate ‘choice’ and lineage commitment . The analyses of early B cell development are thus highly advanced, as regulatory networks of signaling molecules and transcription factors have been elucidated that endeavor to account for the generation of B lineage progeny from multi potent progenitors . Published work suggests that B lymphocytes develop from lymphoid primed multi potent progenitors  in the bone marrow that also give rise to myeloid progeny such as macrophages and granulocytes .
Novel targeted therapies for cancer include immune therapy and small molecule targeted therapies. Targeted therapies inhibit cell signaling pathways critical for cancer cell growth, division, and metastasis. There is rationale for considering combinations of these approaches.
The effect of vitamin D on a wide variety of non skeletal health outcomes, including colorectal cancer , has been the subject of considerable debate . High vitamin D has been associated with reduced risk of CRC in observational studies evaluating dietary intake , circulating 25 hydroxyvitamin D , and predicted 25D . A recent meta analysis of observational data reported a 26% lower risk of CRC  per 10 ng/mL increment in blood 25D levels .
Sudden cardiac death following myocardial infarction  is the most common cause of mortality from heart disease. Furthermore, declining death rates from acute MI have increased the population of patients with chronic MI that are at risk for developing ventricular arrhythmias. As we and others,  have shown, abnormal intracellular Ca2+ cycling is a well established mechanism of alternans.
The Junín, Machupo and Guanarito clade B new world hemorrhagic fever arenaviruses  are associated with outbreaks in Argentina, Bolivia and Venezuela, respectively . Because they are readily transmitted by aerosols, these Category A arenaviruses are potential bioterrorism agents and are included in the list of agents in the Material Threat Determinations and Population Threat Assessment issued by the Department of Homeland Security . Although an effective Junín virus vaccine has greatly decreased disease incidence, there are sporadic cases of this as well as the other known and novel clade B arenaviruses .
Death certificates are the main data source for many mortality studies. These data are often used to identify public health problems, allocate funding, and set new goals. Previous studies suggest that death certificates, compared with other data sources, may misclassify the underlying cause of death, especially in older individuals with multiple comorbidities.
Lung cancer is the most common cancer and the leading cause of cancer death both globally and in the United States. In prospective studies, a study in Norway involving 51,452 subjects and 154 lung cancer cases noted a significant protective effect of cod liver oil  against lung cancer ; and a Japanese prospective study showed that frequent consumption of fresh fish or shellfish was associated with lower lung cancer risk . Studies have indicated that in contrast to the cancer preventive effect of n 3 PUFA, n 6 PUFA such as linoleic acid  is associated with higher risk of cancer .
Nucleotide Excision Repair  in eukaryotes repairs DNA via a cascade of biochemical interactions requiring more than 30 proteins. Genetic defects in NER in humans lead to several cancer prone conditions including Xeroderma pigmentosum. NER can function in two modes with differing recognition steps: global genome repair  and transcription coupled repair .
Calcium regulated exocytosis is a process by which vesicles containing neurotransmitters or hormones fuse with the plasma membrane . Several groups of proteins coordinate this multistep process. However, the Ca2+ sensor responsible for vesicle refilling and priming is still not well characterized .
In radioactive decay, three types of radiations can be produced: alpha particles ; beta particles ; and gamma rays  . Gamma radiation has a very small wavelength  and therefore has high energy, which is capable of ionizing molecules and atoms. These hydroxyl radicals  are the predominant source of ionizing radiation induced damage to cellular components including lipids, proteins and genomic DNA.
Intermittent claudication is a symptom of peripheral arterial disease , and is associated with elevated rates of mortality and morbidity. Thus, intermittent claudication impairs ambulation, daily physical activity, and health related quality of life. Walking economy, defined as the oxygen uptake during ambulation, is a key aspect in sustaining ambulatory activities.
Sexual reproduction provides genetic variation that allows populations to adapt to changing environments  and in some species such as cyclical parthenogenetic monogonont rotifers its product is a diapausing embryo. This embryo remains in a state of suspended animation until conditions favorable for hatching occur, thus allowing the population to persist under adverse environments. Although monogonont rotifer mating behavior was first described more than 40 years ago, few studies have provided detailed information on specific components of the mating sequence .
Synaptic vesicle components, including vesicular membrane proteins, are constantly transported by constitutive vesicles from the cell soma to the active zone at the presynaptic membrane. In order to refill the readily releasable pool depleted after exocytosis during stimulation, sufficient SVs should be available in the slow response and reserve pools within the pre active zone, a region proximal to the active zone . Synapsin, an F actin interacting protein has recently been shown to structurally maintain the SVs within the pre active zone , and scaffolding proteins, including Rim1, have also been reported to contribute to the maintenance of SVs in these zones  .
Defining the molecular mechanisms underlying synapse loss presents a critical challenge to understanding neurodegenerative disease pathology. By contrast, mutations that directly affect mitochondrial metabolism cause early onset neurodegeneration in a number of developmental disorders, including Leigh Syndrome, Leber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy and Kearns Sayre Syndrome . These behavioral deficits are associated with lesions in several sub cortical structures, as well as optic atrophy .
The global emergence of novel psychoactive drugs of abuse has triggered the need for close monitoring around the world. One class of anorexigenic compounds studied in the early 1960s was based on the 5 phenyl 4,5 dihydrooxazol 2 amine  template structure . The majority of these analogs published by Poos et al.  All reagents and dry solvents used in the syntheses were obtained from Sigma Aldrich Ltd. .
Platelet activating factor , prostaglandins  and lysophosphatidic acid  are three major phospholipid mediators shown to be involved in many different biological pathways in inflammatory diseases and cancer . Like PGs and LPA, PAF is an important proinflammatory activator of platelets, neutrophils, macrophages, lymphocytes and endothelial cells, which are often essential micro environmental components interacting with the cancer cells  . PAF also plays a significant role in oncogenic transformation , anti apoptosis , metastasis  and angiogenesis in several types of cancers .
A number of cyanobacterial lectins bind with high affinity to high mannose oligosaccharides on viral envelope glycoproteins, preventing virus attachment and entry into target cells . These natural products might therefore be utilized to prevent or treat human viral diseases. One potential target for lectin therapy is the Zaire Ebola virus , the causative agent of the current epidemic in West Africa.
AS1411 is a 26 base guanine rich oligonucleotide  with an unmodified  DNA backbone. This molecule and its related analogs can inhibit proliferation and induce cell death in many types of cancer cells, but have little effect on normal cells . A Phase I clinical trial of AS1411  in patients with metastatic cancer has indicated no serious adverse effects with promising clinical activity, and AS1411 is now being tested in Phase II trials  .
Cervical cancer, a virally caused cancer, is the second most common cancer and the second most frequent cause of death by cancer in women worldwide . The vast majority of cervical cancers are associated with the so called high risk human papillomaviruses , among which HPV 16 is most common, being found in approximately 60% of all cervical cancers . Despite the robust carcinogenic potential of E6 and E7, HPV infection alone is not sufficient for the development of cervical cancer because only a minor fraction of patients infected with HPV develop cervical cancer .
Transgender people are individuals who do not identify with the gender that society commonly associates with their birth sex assignment . Discrimination against trans persons has been reported to be pervasive in society, including in housing, healthcare, employment, and education . Wilchins and Taylor  and others suggest that race and gender presentation influence trans people’s experiences of discrimination .
Delay  discounting refers to the devaluation of an outcome as a function of the time to the delivery of that outcome. A variety of reward outcomes have been used in discounting experiments including money, compact disks, alcohol and cigarettes . These rewards are typically hypothetical and used in lieu of real rewards for three reasons.
Chondroitin sulfate  is a linear, polydisperse, microheterogeneous, anionic polysaccharide having an average molecular weight of 10,00030,000 Da. Bacterial chondroitin lyases serve a role in the initial microbial catabolism of CSs  and have found many applications as analytical tools in carbohydrate biochemistry , for the determination of the type of CS present in cells and tissues , for the quantitative analysis of CS , for the preparation of new therapeutic agents , and most recently in the removal of glial scar CS in the treatment of spinal cord injury  . The increased use of these enzymes, particularly for medical applications, has led to the isolation, cloning, and recombinant expression of new bacterial chondroitin lyases .
The Family System Genetic Illness model postulates the importance of a family centered approach in understanding the impacts of genetically influenced illnesses on coping and adaptation of family members due to the presence of future disease risk for multiple family members . When mutations associated with hereditary disorders are identified, this information inevitably concerns multiple members of the family. Consequently, disclosure of genetic test results influences family relationships as well as theoverall family environment .
Synapse development requires recruitment and precise alignment of synaptic vesicles and release apparatus in axons opposite appropriate neurotransmitter receptors and postsynaptic machinery on dendrites. Mimicking these alterations in mice can phenocopy the psychiatric disorder  . Different isoforms of neurexins and neuroligins selectively contribute to glutamatergic or GABAergic synapse development.
The formation of an emulsion from two immiscible fluids  leads to the generation of interfacial area between the two fluids. , This generation of interfacial area requires that work be performed, typically through processes such as ultrasonication or mechanical agitation. The resulting emulsions are kinetically stable, and surfactants are typically used to slow processes such as coalescence of the dispersed phase.
It has been estimated that nearly a quarter of American adults have the metabolic syndrome. Inhibition of stearoyl CoA desaturase 1  has been proposed as an attractive strategy for preventing most aspects of the metabolic syndrome including obesity, insulin resistance,,,, hypertriglyceridemia,, and hepatic steatosis. ,,,, However, several unwanted side effects are associated with SCD1 inhibition or deletion, including alopecia and accelerated atherosclerosis.
Immune targeting of tumor antigens that are over expressed by cancer cells in numerous cancer types with limited expression in normal tissues holds significant promise for widespread clinical application. Folate receptor alpha  is a glycosylphosphatidylinositol anchored protein that is overexpressed on the surface of cancer cells in a spectrum of epithelial malignancies, including ovarian, breast, renal, colorectal, lung and other solid cancers but limited in normal tissues . FRα overexpression is associated with high grade, tumor progression and poor prognosis in ovarian cancer  and poor survival in breast cancer , and therefore represents an attractive candidate for targeted biologic therapy of epithelial derived cancers, particularly for epithelial ovarian carcinomas  where nearly 90% of cancers express FRα .
Hemoglobins are heme proteins present in all groups of organisms, even those without a bloodstream. They carry out different functions, including transport of oxygen between tissues, intracellular oxygen transport and catalysis of redox reactions . Mammalian Hb has been traditionally thought to be exclusively present in erythrocytes circulating in blood.
It is becoming increasingly clear that the quality and quantity of innate immune responses that are induced by the host in response to lentivirus infections in humans and nonhuman primates plays a critical role in establishing the course of infection and the dynamics of disease . Among the cell lineages that play a prominent role in mediating such innate immune responses are cells of the NK cell lineage. Among these are the diverse arrays of receptors which can mediate either activating or inhibitory signals.
The life of a T lymphocyte can be divided into multiple distinct stages . Thymocyte precursors that are CD4−CD8− double negative  mature into CD4+CD8+ double positive  and then either CD4+ or CD8+ single positive  thymocytes. When a naïve T cell encounters its cognate antigen it undergoes activation and proliferation and differentiates into effector T cells.
In the guinea pig 17 β estradiol  treatment increases the mRNA expression of T type calcium channel subunit, Cav3.1 , in hypothalamic nuclei, including the arcuate nucleus . Increased excitability with E2 treatment has also been observed in ventromedial hypothalamic  neurons . Voltage gated Ca2+ channels represent a heterogenous family of calcium selective channels that are critical for controlling calcium entry and neuronal firing in a number of brain regions including the hypothalamus .
Olfactory studies indicate that the detection of odorants by olfactory receptors  is performed in a combinatorial fashion, such that each receptor can bind different odorants and, conversely, each odorant is capable of binding to various receptors . Comparative data from these two stages of the olfactory system: peripheral receptors and behavior, added to an understanding of processing effects at intermediate stages, e.g., olfactory bulb  and cortex , are necessary to achieve a comprehensive picture of the functional aspects of the sense of smell, among them, odorant sensitivity . At the behavioral level, this chemical family is an important component in the determination of human body odor .
Nerve conduction block is an important technique for use in both basic experimental neuroscience  and in applied neurophysiology and neuroengineering research . Numerous methods for achieving nerve conduction block have been devised and include techniques which can be categorized into four broad categories: chemical methods, thermal methods, electrical methods and methods which involve physical tissue trauma. Thermal blocking methods include reversible nerve cooling  and irreversible thermal ablation.
Cranial irradiation is an effective treatment for primary and metastatic central nervous system tumors . However, it is well known that long term complications of radiation therapy can be severe, especially in children. The cognitive consequences of radiation treatment are usually debilitating.
Protein C, a vitamin Kdependent plasma glycoprotein synthesized in the liver, is one of the most important endogenous anticoagulants. Upon activation by the thrombin thrombomodulin complex, it inactivates factor Va and factor VIIIa, consequently reducing thrombin generation. Hereditary protein C deficiency, characterized by reduction of protein C levels or activity, is due to rare genetic mutations and contributes to familial venous thrombosis .
In the periphery, naive T lymphocytes are sensitive to different fate determination pathways due to their intrinsic epigenetic plasticity. Th17 is a recently recognised third Teff type, generated in the presence of interleukin 6  and associated with chronic inflammatory conditions. The immune competent individual requires control mechanisms to protect against auto immune disease.
Sarcoglycans are members of the dystrophin glycoprotein complex  found in the sarcolemma that are important in maintaining integrity of the muscle against forces generated during contractions . There is evidence of aberrant neurohumoral activation in muscular dystrophy . Angiotensin converting enzyme  converts angiotensin I to angiotensin II  that acts via angiotensin type 1  and type 2  receptors.
Mutation of the STK11/LKB1  gene is the causative genetic defect underlying the autosomal dominant Peutz Jeghers syndrome  . LKB1 encodes a ubiquitously expressed serine/threonine kinase that affects cell growth, cell cycle progression, glucose and fatty acid metabolism, mitochondrial function, cell polarity, migration, and angiogenesis . The primary targets of LKB1 appear to be a family of AMP activated protein kinases  .
NK cells are experts in the destruction of tumor and virally infected cells . They are considered to be a component of the innate immune system and the specificity their effector functions relies on an integrated processing of signals, transduced by activating, and inhibitory receptors . Inhibitory receptors recognize molecules such as MHC class I proteins that are expressed on healthy cells to protect these cells from NK cell attack.
Glucagon like Peptide 1  was originally discovered as a gut hormone that is secreted by the endocrine L cells in the small intestine and colon following exposure to ingested nutrients . In addition, it has been well established that, in the pancreas, GLP 1 stimulates insulin secretion from insulin producing β cells in a blood glucose dependent manner, and inhibits glucagon secretion from the glucagon producing α cells, thus plays an essential role in blood glucose regulation  . GLP 1 and glucagon share the same precursor molecule—proglucagon.
In cancer, a tumor’s switch to angiogenesis is a rate limiting stepin its progression from microscopic to macroscopic size . In contrast, the conversefinding—of tumors that switch off angiogenesis and thus cease macroscopicgrowth—is rare . In experimental models of pathological conditionsit is rare to observe small, stepwise accumulation of additional vessels.
The PGSA  aims at avoiding problems of sample representativeness and ethical issues typical of placebo controlled secondary prevention trials with MCI patients. The PGSA uses mathematical modeling to forecast the distribution of quantified outcomes of MCI patient groups based on their own baseline data established at the outset of clinical trials. These forecasted distributions are then compared with the distribution of actual outcomes observed on candidate treatments, thus substituting for a concomitant placebo group.
Infection by Kaposi’s sarcoma associated herpesvirus , also known as human herpesvirus 8 , is associated with the development of Kaposi’s sarcoma , primary effusion lymphoma   and a subset of multicentric Castleman’s diseases . The switch from KSHV latent to lytic replication can be initiated by specific intracellular signals or extracellular stimuli including chemical inducers such as 12 O tetradecanoyl phorbol 13 acetate  and sodium butyrate that activate the expression of this key lytic switch protein. RTA has been shown to activate the transcription of several downstream viral genes, including ORFK1 , ORFK2 , ORFK3 , ORFK5 , ORFK6 , PAN RNAs , ORF35 , ORF49 , ORF50 itself , ORFK8 , ORF57 , ORFK9 , ORF74 , ORFK12 , and ORFK15 .
Acute graft versus host disease , a disease of selective epithelial damage, is a severe complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation . Chemokines bind G protein coupled chemokine receptors, which direct the migration of lymphocytes to target locations. However, despite multiple attempts, we have not been successful in completely preventing aGvHD by blocking proteins important for T cell migration .
Inflammatory activation of macrophages occurs in atheromatous plaques , inflamed adipose tissue in obesity , and tumors . For instance, superoxide radical anion  is produced primarily, but not exclusively, by NADPH oxidases . Peroxynitrite has been shown to nitrate proteins in cells with the intermediacy of transient protein centered radicals  .
Pancreatic cystic lesions  comprise a variety of pathologically different groups of lesions that usually share many common clinical features . About 90% of PCLs are benign processes such as pseudocysts related to acute or chronic pancreatitis . Pancreatic cystic neoplasms  constitute 1015% of all PCLs and less than 1% of all pancreatic neoplasms .
Intracerebral hemorrhage  remains a major medical problem, which so far does not have an effective treatment. This response includes the infiltration of neutrophils and macrophages into and around the hematoma, which peaks at 48 to 72 hours after ICH onset  . Many studies attribute a significant involvement of leukocytes in ICH induced brain injury .
A number of potential markers for the identification of multipotent bone marrow stromal cells have been developed in recent years . While alkaline phosphatase  is expressed by mature osteoblasts, recent studies have demonstrated that the AP+ fraction of human bone marrow  contains virtually all of the osteoprogenitor population in the marrow , indicating that AP expression is associated not only with mature osteoblasts, but likely also with osteoblastic cells at varying stages of differentiation, including relatively early mesenchymal cells . Subsequent studies by others have provided further support for the existence of circulating osteoprogenitor cells, although the precise relationship of these circulating cells to their BM counterparts remains to be fully defined.
MEG is a functional imaging technique that directly measures neuronal activity with millisecond temporal resolution. The key outcomes of MEG source imaging are the source locations and the source time courses of neuronal activities responsible for the observed MEG field distribution. However, if no constraint is imposed, there are many sets of source configurations that can generate essentially the same MEG field distribution.
Elucidating the neural basis of common psychiatric disorders, such as anxiety and addiction, can guide the development of novel preventions and therapeutics. Neuroimaging methods provide a powerful tool for examining neural circuits in vivo and progress has been made in identifying the neurocircuitry of anxiety  and addiction . Research in rodents has established that the BNST mediates sustained anxiety responses .
Many studies in recent years have investigated the brain network involved in speech production and have identified a set of regions supporting processes related to reading, retrieving, and articulating words. Despite the uncertainty over the units that drive articulation, previous neuroimaging studies have presented evidence that manipulating syllabic and phonemic content of stimuli modulates the activity of certain regions from the speech network. Regions that have been associated with different aspects of phoneme level processes include the inferior frontal sulcus , the posterior parts of the inferior frontal gyrus , the posterior superior temporal gyrus , and the superior cerebellum .
Computed tomography  is a widely used modality to guide percutaneous biopsy of lesions located within the liver and the lung . It is preferable to have both the skin entry point and the target lesion within the same imaging plane in order to follow the biopsy needle during the image guided procedure and to avoid critical structures. This technique has been reported for biopsies of the lung , primarily, and the liver, but other applications, including biopsy retrieval of suspicious masses in the pelvis, have been reported as well  .
The biological basis of T cell depletion in animal models for the prevention of GVHD has been established since 1968. Using the Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research  database, Champlin et al. evaluated various T cell depletion strategies in 870 patients with leukemia who received T cell depleted transplants from unrelated or HLA mismatched related donors from 1982 to 1994. In vivo administration of T cell  and B cell depleting agents as GVHD prophylaxis is a much simpler strategy and therefore much more generalizable in its application .
The large gene family of G protein coupled receptors  has major roles in health and disease. In general, most GPCR disease causing polymorphisms are either amino acid altering point mutations or truncations that lead to GPCR misfolding. These structural changes cause a variety of altered pharmacological properties, including reduced ligand binding, loss of intrinsic function, increased intracellular retention, and decreased plasma membrane expression.
Aldosterone excess is increasingly recognized as a common cause of hypertension. Compared to patients with similar levels of hypertension, patients with hyperaldosteronism have greater left ventricular  hypertrophy, worse diastolic function and an increased rate of cardiovascular complications including myocardial infarction, stroke, and atrial fibrillation. A large body of experimental literature, including landmark studies by Brilla and Weber, clearly demonstrates that aldosterone excess in the presence of high dietary salt intake induces LV hypertrophy and fibrosis.
Feeding conditions can impact the behavioral effects of directly acting dopamine receptor agonists . For example, food restriction decreases the frequency of quinpirole induced yawning in rats . Dopamine receptor agonist induced yawning generates an inverted U shaped dose response curve with the induction of yawning  thought to be mediated by D3 receptors and the decrease in yawning  thought to be mediated by D2 receptors .
Standardized auditory thresholds are measured clinically for frequencies only through 6 kHz by bone conduction, but up to 16 kHz by air conduction . This lack of information can influence decisions for setting the high frequency gain for conventional hearing aids, and may also influence decisions for using frequency transposition hearing aids that transpose high frequency information to lower frequency regions. First, it is now known that speech contains more high frequency information than previously thought .
Chromatin immunoprecipitation  has become an important assay for the genome wide study of protein DNA interactions and gene regulation. A genome wide readout of the protein binding sites is produced either by hybridization of the DNA pool to a tiling array  or by end sequencing of millions of different DNA fragments . As a consequence, ChIP chip is being rapidly displaced by ChIP Seq in genome wide discovery of mammalian transcription factor binding sites .
Phenylketonuria , one of the most common human inborn errors of metabolism, is caused by recessively inherited phenylalanine hydroxylase  deficiency . PAH deficiency leads to chronically elevated L phenylalanine  in blood and brain, and if left untreated, causes profound cognitive disability. However, PKU therapy requires lifelong strict adherence to an unpalatable and complicated diet, and mild cognitive deficits still persist in some treated children .
Alzheimer’s disease is a neurodegenerative disorder characterized by severe cognitive impairment and neurofibrillary tangles , and shows disrupted functional neuronal metabolic activity in specific brain regions . Brain derived neurotrophic factor  is a member of the ‘neurotrophin’ family of growth factors related to the nerve growth factor, which is critical for the survival and maintenance of sympathetic and sensory neurons . Without the nerve growth factor, the sympathetic and sensory neurons will undergo apoptosis.
Total laryngectomy results in a variety of functional changes including the loss of normal laryngeal voice and alterations in swallowing physiology . Current literature recognizes tracheoesophageal  voice restoration as the preferred alaryngeal speech alternative in most patients with total laryngectomy. Although total laryngectomy disrupts the neurophysiology of the oropharynx, patients who have undergone total laryngectomy rarely complain of significant swallowing impairments.
The cell surface expressed glucagon like peptide 1 receptor  has emerged as a high value drug target in diabetes. GLP1R is highly expressed on insulin producing pancreatic β cells but unfortunately there is a lack of suitable antibodies that could be used for reliable identification. The fortuitous discovery of GLP1R peptide antagonists from the gila monster has led to the development of different exendin 4  derived therapeutics, many with nM affinity., In addition, certain E4 derivatives are being developed for whole body nuclear imaging or intraoperative imaging.
Variation in patient outcomes is attributable to variation in individual patient attributes, variation in care processes and structures, and random variation. Though patient attributes have the greatest impact on ultimate outcomes,  opportunity exists to improve patient outcomes through both refining and reducing variability in clinical care processes. By identifying aspects of care with the greatest effect on specific outcomes, clinicians could focus efforts on changes in care with the greatest clinical impact, even among patients at low risk of experiencing suboptimal outcomes.
Colorectal cancer is the second most common cause of cancer related death in the United States. In 2009, an estimated 106,100 new cases will be diagnosed and 49,920 deaths will occur. Recent evidence suggests that there are gender related differences in the development of colonic carcinomas.
Fractures are a common consequence of falls in older adults that occur when the applied load exceeds bone strength. Frost proposed that bone adaptation occurs to maintain strains within a particular biological set point . In growing children, exercise that loads the skeleton leads to long term increases in bone mineral content .
The hepatitis C virus  is the most common blood borne infection and affects approximately 2% of the U.S. population . HCV causes inflammation of the liver that can be characterized by liver enlargement, fibrosis, cirrhosis, abnormal liver function, and other symptoms. Pain conditions in HCV patients are also common.
Current investigations of cell cycle progression and arrest typically make use of endpoint measurements in fixed cells. Bulk analysis eliminates the ability to observe variability within a population; synchronization procedures may irreversibly interfere with normal cycle progression; and fixation gives only a snapshot of a truly dynamic process. Time lapse, live, unsynchronized single cell analysis using transmitted light microscopy is limited to the observation of prominent morphology changes like those occurring in mitosis, and the experiments are difficult to perform.
Prostate cancer is the most frequent solid cancer in older men in the Western world, representing one of the most frequent causes of cancer deaths, and is now emerging in developing countries as well . The receptor tyrosine kinase Axl  belongs to the TAM  family whose members are distinguished from each other by a conserved sequence within the kinase domain and adhesion molecule like domains in the extracellular region. Previous reports have shown Axl to have transforming potential when overexpressed .
The term “syndemics” refers to multiple, overlapping adverse health conditions that affect each other synergistically within a population. The term was introduced by Merrill Singer  following its description by Wallace in the late 1980s . Interest in syndemic associations in public health has grown in recent years, particularly among men who have sex with men .
The ability to accurately estimate a molecule’s properties given molecular structure has been a goal for over a century. Methods that can also help to elucidate molecular features associated with a property may prove useful for designing and optimizing candidate molecules. In this paper we present a method for modeling chemical mutagenicity, the ability of a chemical to cause genetic mutations, and show how the models may be interpreted in terms of simple molecular features familiar to chemists.
Patients with chronic liver disease  often show hepatic encephalopathy , a complex neuropsychiatric syndrome. In the early phases, known as minimal hepatic encephalopathy , patients do not show evident symptoms of encephalopathy, but show mild cognitive impairment, attention deficits, psychomotor slowing and impaired bimanual and visuomotor coordination which can be unveiled using psychometric tests . MHE can progress to clinical HE, showing evident, more serious alterations in motor activity and coordination , in intellectual and cognitive functions and alterations in consciousness which, in the worst cases, can progress to coma and death.
Stress is a potent motivator of opiate seeking and relapse . These effects are mediated, in part, by the corticotropin releasing factor 1  receptor in the anterolateral bed nucleus of the stria terminalis . The BSTal, comprised within the extended amygdala, is a complex limbic brain region implicated in many of the motivational aspects of opiate dependence .
Mesencephalic astrocyte derived neurotrophic factor , an endoplasmic reticulum  stress protein , was first purified from the conditioned medium of a ventral mesencephalic cell line 1  . Subsequent studies have shown that MANF protein does not contain this arginine rich region . MANF belongs to the same family of evolutionarily conserved proteins as the conserved dopamine neurotrophic factor  .
Familial Amyloidosis of Finnish type  is a rare type of autosomal dominant hereditary amyloidosis associated with variant gelsolin. Thus far only three causative mutations in the GSN gene have been reported, two resulting from change of aspartate at position 214 to either asparagine or tyrosine  and one from replacing glycine with arginine at codon 194  . The distinct clinical features of FAF include cranial neuropathy, corneal lattice dystrophy, distal sensorimotor neuropathy and skin changes.
Migraine is a chronic neurovascular disorder characterized by recurrent episodes of severe unilateral throbbing head pain and associated symptoms, such as photophobia . Mechanistic studies in the field of migraine pathophysiology are hampered by the lack of appropriate animal models. This mouse is sensitized to the calcitonin gene related peptide , a key player in migraine pathophysiology , by overexpression of the human receptor activity modifying protein 1  subunit of the CGRP receptor in the nervous system .
The collective term “homing” refers to the early stages of bone marrow  seeding by hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells  after transplantation, which precedes engraftment, proliferation, and differentiation of these cells. However, it is well demonstrated that α chemokine stromal derived factor 1    chemokine receptor CXCR4 axis and vascular cell adhesion molecule 1    very late antigen 4  interactions play important roles in these processes. It is well known that conditioning for transplantation by chemo/radiotherapy destroys old hematopoiesis and by emptying hematopoietic niches, makes space available for transplanted cells and highly upregulates expression of SDF 1 in the BM microenvironment, which creates a proper chemoattracting gradient for HSPCs .
Although recent trends suggest a decline in substance use among middle school students in the United States, their level of use remains a concern. In this paper, we investigate the role of teacher training in fidelity of implementation of evidence based substance use prevention curricula . As of the beginning of the decade, however, a large majority of the nation’s middle schools had not yet implemented any evidence based curricula  .
MicroRNAs  are small  single stranded RNA molecules that bind to messenger RNA and block subsequent protein production by either inhibiting translation machinery or inducing message degradation, depending on the degree of complementarity . Genes encoding miRNA produce a primary transcript , which is cotranscriptionally cleaved by a complex containing the double stranded RNA binding protein Pasha and its RNAse counterpart Drosha . The resulting stem loop pre miRNA is exported to the cytoplasm by Exportin 5 , where it is further processed by the endonuclease Dicer into a 2025 nt double stranded RNA molecule .
Chronic HCV infection is a worldwide health problem which can lead to chronic hepatitis, cirrhosis, and end stage liver disease . The virus has a plus stranded RNA genome with a single long open reading frame containing 5′ and 3′ flanking non translated nucleotide regions that are important for translation and replication. Standard treatment of patients with chronic HCV includes alpha interferon and Ribavirin for 24 48 weeks, depending on HCV genotype.
Mortality from sudden cardiac death  is notoriously high within the first month after acute myocardial infarction  and remains high in the first six months thereafter. Post MI and congestive heart failure , its frequent complication, are both conditions characterized by sympathetic hyperactivity that is so important in triggering potentially life threatening cardiac arrhythmias that in selected patients with CHF, some investigators even propose ablating the stellate ganglion. Ample evidence nevertheless shows that in CHF, vagal activity protects against SCD, through its direct antiarrhythmic action mediated by nitric oxide.
The vast majority of Mendelian inherited epilepsy genes encode ion channels ), leading to a central hypothesis that genetically altered channel function lowers seizure threshold. Mutations of LGI1 are found in many families with Autosomal Dominant Partial Epilepsy with Auditory Features  . The common clinical symptom is of a seizure aura with auditory features or aphasia.
Childhood obesity is not only associated with increased risk of metabolic diseases, but also with a range of behavioral/psychological disorders, including depression , anxiety , poor learning , and attention deficient disorder . However, it is difficult to separate cause and effect with psychological diagnosis as there is evidence that the stigma associated with obesity increases the risk for behavioral disorders . Furthermore, the relative contribution of early programming events caused by maternal obesity, diabetes and diet on behavioral and metabolic disorders in offspring remains unclear.
Stability of human movements is one of their most crucial characteristics for success in changing and unpredictable external conditions. Because these two levels have different metrics , this comparison cannot be made directly. Recently, such an analysis of motor equivalence has been developed within the UCM hypothesis framework .
Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 3 , which is also known as Machado Joseph Disease, is an age related neurodegenerative disease that belongs to the family of polyglutamine  dependent disorders, . The maladies that comprise this group result from abnormal expansions in the polyQ region of different proteins. PolyQ diseases also include Huntington's, Spinobulbar Muscular Atrophy, Dentatorubral Pallidoluysian Atrophy and five more SCAs, ,  .
The 26S proteasome is a multicatalytic enzyme complex that degrades ubiquitinated proteins via an ATP dependent mechanism. Its success has prompted the development of structurally distinct proteasome inhibitors , including NPI 0052 , which is an orally active irreversible PI that is distinct from bortezomib in terms of its effects on the proteasome's three active sites and its mechanisms of action . Therefore, understanding the molecular mechanisms involved in the responses of cells to PIs should facilitate the development of PIs based combination that will best exploit their unique antitumor activities .
The prevalence of obesity in America has reached epidemic proportions. Currently, 69% of Americans are either overweight or obese. Inadequate energy expenditure  and excessive energy intake can lead to an increased risk of obesity, as well as, cardiovascular disease, diabetes and cancer.
Acute myeloid leukemia  accounts for 17% of all childhood leukemia . Recent risk adapted therapeutic approaches, including the use of cytarabine , anthracyclines and etoposide, together with improved supportive care, have increased survival rates to 60 70% . Nevertheless, up to 40% of patients still suffer from relapse or refractory disease .
Iron  is an essential element for all mammalian cells and is the most plentiful transition metal in the human body. In addition, local Fe mediated oxidative injury may occur even without systemic Fe overload . Reactive oxygen or nitrogen species may severely deregulate cellular Fe homeostasis .
Borderline personality disorder  is a complex and serious mental disorder characterized by emotional dysregulation and aggressive behavior . Impulsive aggression can manifest in a variety of behaviors, including destruction of property, assault, domestic violence, self injurious and suicidal behavior, or substance abuse  . Moreover, aggressive children with a blunted prolactin response to fenfluramine were more likely to have relatives with aggression than those with a normal responses .
Incidence of head and neck cancer  is estimated to account for approximately 5%  of all new cancers in the United States for the year 2012 . Even though regional cervical lymphatic metastases are common in HNC, distant  metastases may also occur  . Treatments of HNC include surgery, radiation therapy, chemotherapy, or combined treatment modalities  based on clinical parameters such as the cancer stage   .
While testicular germ cell tumors  are the most common malignancy in young men, germ cell tumors in women are uncommon. Familial clustering, epidemiologic evidence of increased risk with family or personal history of TGCT, and associations with genitourinary tract anomalies suggest an underlying genetic predisposition to TGCT, but traditional linkage studies have yet to identify a highlypenetrant TGCT cancer susceptibility gene. In this paper, we investigate the familial occurrence of testicular and ovarian germ cell tumors .
EpsteinBarr virus , a γ herpesvirus, infects and maintains lifelong latency in human B cells. LMP1 promotes B cell survival by functioning as a dysregulated CD40 mimic, inducing abnormal cellular proliferation, activation and resistance to apoptosis. Signaling via the LMP1 C terminal cytoplasmic domain results in amplifed and sustained activation of several cell survival pathways, including nuclear factor κB  transcriptional regulators and the kinases PI3K /AKT, JNK , ERK  and p38 .
Current regulations focus only on individual participants. However, systematic reviews and meta analyses of published results are often exempt from IRB review  because they are based on previously published findings. Ethics reporting in systematic reviews has received little attention .
Radiotherapy  is one of the primary treatments for prostate cancer. Approximately 50% of patients are treated with radiotherapy either alone or in combination with other therapies . Solid tumors contain a significant population of tumor infiltrating myeloid cells  .
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 3  has received considerable attention due to reports that it is constitutively activated in a number of human cancers and cancer cell lines . Recent reports, however, have described alternative activities of Stat3. Unphosphorylated Stat3  complexes with unphosphorylated NF κB resulting in the transcription of κB dependent genes.
Systemic Lupus Erythematosus  is an autoimmune disease classically associated with a loss in immune tolerance that leads to the production of a complex array of autoantibodies that predominantly recognize nuclear material. In an extensive series of investigations, we produced a collection of B6 congenic strains carrying individual susceptibility loci derived from NZM2410 . Thus, our congenic dissection strategy has provided a model system with which to characterize the genetic interactions that drive the development of severe disease pathology .
Dysregulation of signaling pathways mediated by phosphoinositide 3 kinase  and PKC have been implicated in the development of colorectal cancer . Both Akt and PKC belong to the AGC kinase superfamily, and they share three highly conserved phosphorylation sites namely the activation loop, turn motif, and hydrophobic motif sites . Since the activity and the total protein expression of Akt and PKC are controlled by phosphorylation, dephosphorylation leads to effective signaling termination by either inactivating the enzyme directly or by decreasing the functional lifetime of the protein.
Fragile X associated tremor/ataxia syndrome  is a neurodegenerative disorder caused by premutation CGG expansion  of the fragile X mental retardation 1  gene. Neuropathological examination shows numerous eosinophilic mRNA containing intranuclear inclusions in neurons and astrocytes of FXTAS brain . A recent neuropathological case series of 8 autopsied female premutation carriers  reported Alzheimer disease  type neuropathology in 4 women    including one woman without clinical AD symptoms, suggesting a high prevalence of AD type neuropathology in association with the FMR1 premutation.
Hermann von Helmholtz argued that perception is based on a process he called unconscious inference that, according to him, involved the unconscious formation of hypotheses as to what external objects may have given rise to an observed pattern of nervous stimulation . Here an observer is presented with a particular visual pattern that has two  plausible external world interpretations . However, alternations cannot be arrested during continuous viewing, despite mental effort to hold one interpretation dominant.
After spermatogenesis in the testis, spermatozoa pass sequentially through the caput and corpus epididymidis and are retained in the cauda epididymidis where they are stored until ejaculation . Earlier studies suggested that most sperm structures, such as the chromatin and tail components, gradually become stabilized by formation of disulfide bonds . The addition of diamide, a sulfhydryl oxidant, prevents this phenomenon .
In our industrial society, increased noise levels can interfere with communication and learning. In fact, classroom noise levels are directly related to scholastic achievement , and increases in noise of as little as 10 dB can result in a significant decrease in test scores. The brainstem's representation of the stimulus is remarkably robust; in addition to the brainstem response waveform being visually similar to the stimulus waveform , the audio file of the brainstem response is also acoustically similar to the stimulus .
The recruitment of participants for clinical trials can be a daunting task; no less important is the recruitment of participants for smaller pilot studies. This was the case in a feasibility study to test a cryotherapy intervention on the microcirculation of skin affected by chronic venous disorders . Although a number of strategies for recruiting participants for large clinical studies are well documented, this process evaluation report describes proactive and reactive recruitment strategies for a small clinical trial.
In the year 2008, it is estimated that breast cancer  would account for 26% of all new cancer diagnoses , and 15% of cancer deaths among women in the United States. It will also be the leading cause of cancer deaths in women between the ages of 20 and 59 years. A significant proportion of these deaths will be among women of minority race/ethnicity and the medically underserved.
The prevalence of developmental or behavioral disorders in “healthy” American children is estimated to be 12% to 16%. These data have led the American Academy of Pediatrics  to recommend consistent screening of infants and young children up to 5 years of age . To improve our understanding of the developmental consequences of childhood cancer therapy, prospective surveillance is needed throughout the course of cancer treatment.
Crystallization from solution is a fundamental phenomenon with important scientific and engineering implications. Crystals with different morphologies are prime candidates for new materials with interesting and novel properties. An interesting prototype system for crystallization studies in NaCl.
Selective inhibitors of the inducible isoform of cyclooxygenase  were developed to provide relief of pain associated with arthritis, surgery, and other conditions, while lowering the incidence of gastrointestinal complications compared to non selective, non steroidal anti inflammatory drugs . On the other hand, nsNSAIDs have also been implicated in increased cardiovascular events. , On the other hand, in endothelium, COX catalyzes the formation of prostacyclin , a substance known to be anti thrombotic and a vasodilator.
Smoke free laws and smoking restrictions have been effective in minimizing exposure to environmental tobacco smoke and denormalizing tobacco use. Apart from potential health concerns of pollutants in secondhand vapors, there is much concern that e cigarette use may re glamorize smoking. Because of the similarity between e cigarettes and combustible cigarettes, concerns have been expressed that increasing prevalence of e cigarette use and presence of e cigarettes advertising or media portrayals could potentially undermine smoking denormalization efforts.
Several cytomegaloviruses  infect Old World primate hosts, including green monkey CMV , rhesus macaque CMV , baboon CMV , chimpanzee CMV  and human CMV . These viruses belong, actually or potentially, to the genus Cytomegalovirus, subfamily Betaherpesvirinae, family Herpesviridae, order Herpesvirales. Various strains have been isolated, and, in the description below, their names are given in parentheses immediately after the virus name abbreviations .
In 1906 Alois Alzheimer discovered in the brains of a patient suffering from early age onset of dementia, aggregates of a proteinaceus material, later identified to be composed of amyloid fibers. Alzheimer disease  is associated with several genetic defects and the abnormal accumulation of the amyloid β protein  and tau in the form of extracellular  and intracellular  aggregates respectively. When one of these causative events cannot be recognized, the myocardial disease is classified as idiopathic  .
Approximately 80% of individuals diagnosed with cancer during childhood are expected to survive for at least five years after diagnosis . Improved survival rates have been largely brought about by improvements in multi modal therapy and supportive care. However, increases in survival have not come without cost.
Epidermis, the outermost layer of skin is composed of epithelial cells, primarily keratinocytes associated with specialized cells such as Langerhans cells, melanocytes and Merkel cells. In intact epidermis, a layer of basal keratinocytes adhere to the basement membrane via desmosomes and are non migratory in nature. The myosin family consists of actin associated motor proteins that can be subdivided into 25 different classes.
Men who have sex with men  bear a disproportionate burden of sexually transmissible infections  in resource rich countries. A substantial decline in rates of many STIs occurred in MSM soon after HIV/AIDS was recognized, but many countries have witnessed a resurgence of STIs among this population . Traditional methods of STI control are clearly failing to control the STI epidemic in MSM and novel strategies to reduce STI transmission require investigation .
Breast cancer is one of the major causes of premature death in women; however, the combination of early detection coupled with improved treatment has significantly improved survival from this disease . Antiestrogens and aromatase inhibitors are highly effective endocrine therapies used for treating early stage estrogen receptor   positive breast cancer. Compounds that include tamoxifen, raloxifene, fulvestrant, and their combinations or sequential use provide successful outcomes for patients with hormone responsive tumors .
Kaposi’s Sarcoma Associated Herpesvirus , also known as Human Herpesvirus 8 , is a more recent member of the Herpesviridae family  etiologically associated with all forms  of Kaposi’s sarcoma  . Classic KS , the topic of this analysis, is a rare vascular tumor mainly observed in elderly Mediterranean individuals. The incidence rate of this tumor varies widely in different geographic areas; in Italy the estimated incidence rate is 0.4/100000 in women and 1/100000 in men ; this rate is higher compared to what is observed in other European areas.
The rates of cell proliferation, cell death and cell differentiation are coordinated with respect to each other to ensure proper development and functioning of an organism . During differentiation in primary lymphoid organs and after activation in the periphery, B and T lymphocytes undergo successive rounds of cell division and growth arrest followed by the death of cells that are useless or potentially dangerous . Bax, Bak and Bok/Mtd have three BH regions and despite extensive structural similarity to their anti apoptotic relatives, they are essential for activation of the downstream apoptosis effector processes, including mitochondrial outer membrane permeabilization  and unleashing of the caspase cascade .
Breast cancer is the most common cause of cancer death among women worldwide, accounting for 458,000 deaths each year. Although the incidence of breast cancer is higher in developed countries, it is on the rise in developing countries., Women in developing countries tend to present with more advanced breast cancer upon initial diagnosis as compared to women in developed countries. However, the majority of breast cancer patients in Egypt are diagnosed at advanced disease stages.
Cell death in seizures has been observed in in vitro and in vivo models of epilepsy and is the hallmark of hippocampal sclerosis, the commonest pathology associated with epilepsy . Such activity induces large ionic shifts with consequent demands for energy substrates to maintain transmembrane ion homeostasis. Biochemical studies of brain homogenates have revealed decreased ATP concentrations after repeated seizures and seizure induced energy failure has long been suggested as a reason for clinical sequelae in prolonged seizures .
Total Variation  based strategies, which were originally designed for denoising of images  have recently gained wide interest for many MRI applications beyond denoising. Examples include regularization for parallel imaging , the elimination of truncation artifacts , inpainting of sensitivity maps , their use as a regularization method for undersampled imaging techniques within the compressed sensing framework  as well as in iterative reconstruction of undersampled radial data sets . TV models have the main benefit that they are very well suited to remove random noise, incoherent noise like artifacts from random subsampling and streaking artifacts from undersampled radial sampling, while preserving the edges in the image.
Adenocarcinoma of the gastroesophageal junction  is increasingly prevalent in industrialized countries, with a 6 fold rise in the United States from 19752000 . For a minority of patients with HER2 positive cancers, the addition of trastuzumab does improve survival . New therapeutic agents exploiting novel targets are desperately needed to improve clinical outcomes in this disease .
Serotonin  is a neurotransmitter involved in a large number of physiological processes including motility and secretion in the digestive system. Enteric neurons and enterochromaffin cells  within the intestinal epithelial layer store approximately 95% of the 5 HT within the vertebrate body. 5 HT is charged at physiological pH and does not cross cellular membranes.
Migration is population movement from one country, region, or other place of residence to another location. Discriminated individuals, when compared to non discriminated individuals, generally have an increased risk for both mental and physical health problems . The cumulative effect of the stress response  stands at the forefront when discussing discrimination and the long term impact on a person's health .
Almost 6% of the world's adult population now lives with diabetes mellitus. Type II diabetes mellitus , i.e. non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, represents over 80% of all diabetics and is dramatically increasing in incidence as a result of changes in human behavior and increased body mass index . NASH is characterized by fat accumulation and inflammation in the liver.
Resistin is a hormone that was originally identified in the adipose tissue with physiological roles in promoting insulin resistance and linked to obesity with insulin resistance . Recently, a new family of Resistin like molecules including Relm α, Relm β and Relm γ have been identified . This group of Relm proteins share sequence homology with resistin and contain highly conserved C terminal cysteine residues, which support the assembly of disulfide dependent multimeric units .
Schistosomiasis remains prevalent in tropical developing countries where an estimated 600 million people are at risk for exposure . The parasitic schistosome  life cycle involves two hosts; the larval miracidia infect freshwater snails where they develop into cercariae, infective to the human host. In the absence of an effective vaccine, control efforts to reduce disease transmission rely on the use of molluscicides and targeted drug therapy e.g. in school aged children.
Glutamate is the major excitatory neurotransmitter in the CNS, and regulates the excitability of neurons by activating ionotropic and metabotropic  glutamate receptors . mGluRs are G protein coupled receptors, and are divided into three groups  on the basis of sequence homology, G protein effector coupling  and agonist pharmacology . Group I mGluRs , especially mGluR5, play an important role in the regulation of neuronal excitability and synaptic plasticity .
Streptococcus agalactiae or Lancefield's group B Streptococcus  is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality among neonates in the United States. A correlation between neonatal GBS disease and low maternal levels of antibody to the capsular polysaccharide  of GBS led to several clinical trials with purified CPS as vaccines, culminating in immunization of pregnant women with purified type III CPS. This landmark trial showed that vaccination was safe and well tolerated, that a direct relationship between maternal  and cord blood specific IgG resulted, but that maternal type III CPS specific IgG levels were not optimal and were dependent upon the pre vaccination antibody level.
Entry of adenovirus into a host cell and the replication of the linear, double stranded DNA viral genome inundates the cell with what may be sensed as double stranded DNA breaks, regions of single stranded DNA, and stalled replication forks . Once localized to sites of DNA damage, the MRN complex recruits apical kinases related to the phosphoinositol 3' kinase, including the DNA dependent protein kinase , ataxia telangiectasia mutated protein , and ATM  and Rad3 related protein  . Adenovirus inhibits multiple steps of the DDR pathway.
The cholinergic neurons of the nucleus basalis , which provide the major source of cholinergic innervations to the cerebral cortex and play a key role in memory and attention, are particularly vulnerable in Alzheimer's disease  . Therefore cholinergic ionotropic  and metabotropic  receptors remain major drug discovery targets for the treatment of AD . Previous studies have shown that the predominantly post synaptic M1 receptor, which is expressed throughout the cortex and hippocampus  plays a key role in regulating cognition .
Paraoxonase 1  is a high density lipoprotein   associated serum enzyme that has anti oxidant and anti atherogenic properties . In a recent large human study, the incidence of major cardiac events was approximately 3 fold lower in patients with the highest quartile of PON1 activity compared to patients with PON1 activity in the lowest quartile . PON1 has been shown in various in vitro studies to inhibit the accumulation of pro atherogenic lipid peroxides in low density lipoproteins  and protect the HDL particle from oxidation and preserve its functional integrity .
The extent and rate of spread of emerging diseases has important consequences for public health, as well as animal management and conservation. Understanding the environmental drivers of disease spread is essential for effective management of disease risks. LD provides a classic demonstration of the linkage between environmental factors and epidemiological processes .
Aldehydes are highly reactive compounds that can lead to cellular toxicity through their ability to form adducts with a variety of cellular nucleophiles found in proteins, nucleic acids, as well as small molecule metabolites. In humans, aldehyde detoxication occurs via three main enzyme systems: aldehyde oxidases, aldo keto reductases, and aldehyde dehydrogenases. ALDH2 is the primary enzyme involved in the oxidation of acetaldehyde during ethanol metabolism and a single nucleotide polymorphism  results in an enzymatically crippled protein , in which acetaldehyde, derived from ethanol oxidation, accumulates and induces alcohol toxicity,.
Single shot echo planar imaging  has become the standard pulse sequence for diffusion weighted imaging of the brain due to its high speed and efficiency. Unfortunately, EPI suffers from significant image artifacts primarily due to inhomogeneities in the main magnetic field, which although mild in some areas of the brain make measurements of diffusion parameters or fiber tractography in other regions impossible  . Rapid diffusion encoding and traversal of k space minimize the T2 dephasing that degrades the image quality.
In resource limited settings, nevirapine  based regimens are often used for prevention of mother to child transmission of HIV 1 . , Use of these regimens is associated with the emergence of NVP resistant variants in many infants who are HIV infected despite prophylaxis,  which can compromise future treatment with a nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor  containing regimen. Recent studies in adults suggest that the presence of minority variants may be associated with a poor response to subsequent antiretroviral therapy.
Visual cues are known to significantly impact speech perception; when one can both hear a speaker’s utterance and concurrently see the articulation of that utterance , speech comprehension is more accurate  and less effortful  than when only auditory information is available. As a general rule, greater benefits are observed from pairing stimuli that, on their own, are each weakly effective, compared to pairing stimuli that are both strongly effective when presented in isolation. This concept of “inverse effectiveness” implies that the primary benefits of multisensory integration take place when the individual stimuli provide weak or ambiguous information.
Much remains to be learned about the impact of current era treatment regimens for high risk neuroblastoma  on the patient experience. Administrative databases such as the Pediatric Health Information System  database are well established resources for addressing clinical questions. Methods for assembly of pediatric leukemia cohorts using PHIS have been established .
Cell population level signals are important in the study of brain physiology because they index activity across many scales of time and anatomy, can be measured non invasively at the scalp as well as intracranially and can reveal large scale interactions in the brain . Recording of such signals has become particularly important in the diagnosis and clinical evaluation of a number of disorders, such as epilepsy. A sobering reminder that the inverse problem extends well beyond the discrimination of cortical sources is the recent observation that signals generated by the eye muscles during saccades can be mistaken for scalp EEG activity in the gamma band .
Vertebrate retinal development is a complex process that involves the coordination of morphogenetic tissue movements with gene expression. This process leads to retinal progenitor cells that have been “coded” with ventral positional identity in the form of EphB receptor tyrosine kinase expression  . A current model of dorsal retinal patterning posits that Bmp4, expressed in the dorsal retina, triggers the graded dorsal expression of tbx5, which in turn leads to graded expression of EphrinB molecules .
Motion estimation is critical to many modern signal processing algorithms. Because of its central significance, estimator accuracy, precision, and computational cost are of critical importance to these and numerous other applications . A great number of pattern matching techniques are currently employed, each offering tradeoffs between computation complexity, hardware implementation cost, precision, and accuracy.
Organophosphorus  insecticides 1 are a relatively safe group of agricultural chemicals used extensively in plant and crop protection and include malathion, chlorpyrifos, parathion, methyl parathion, and diazinon . The thionate linkage also confers hydrolytic stability owing to increased electron density at phosphorus. OP insecticides can be converted from thionates 1 to oxons 2  either in the environment or in vivo and become reactive and potentially toxic following occupational or incidental exposures by direct contact with air, food and water .
Hibernation is an adaptive strategy of reduced metabolic demand and greatly limited mobility that conserves energy during periods of low food availability in highly seasonal or unpredictable environments . In contrast, hibernating bears and ground squirrels demonstrate very limited muscle atrophy over the prolonged periods  of physical inactivity of winter hibernation suggesting that hibernating mammals have evolved natural mechanisms that prevent disuse muscle atrophy. Although attenuation of atrophy in muscle over the hibernation season in bears and ground squirrels has been documented , the molecular mechanisms underlying this protective musculoskeletal adaptation are not known .
Crickets in the family Gryllotalpidae are commonly known as mole crickets, aptly named for their largely subterranean lifestyle and accompanying morphology , giving them some similarities with moles . Invasive mole crickets have become significant agricultural pests and have been extensively studied in the southeastern United States . They are known to cause damage to golf courses, lawns, pastures, and the rising turf grass industry .
Most epidemiologic studies have found a positive association between alcohol intake and breast cancer incidence . This relationship appears to be modest in magnitude, yet consistent across a variety of populations and study designs. In addition to being implicated in breast cancer incidence, these hormone and peptide measures may also promote recurrence and poor prognosis among women diagnosed with breast cancer  however, we are not aware of published research examining the relationship between alcohol and these serum measures in women with a previous diagnosis of breast cancer .
Dr. Per Ingvar Brånemark introduced the method of direct skeletal attachment of limb prostheses in the 1980s . The method holds advantages over the prior art but has concerns associated with it as well, especially related to inflammation in the skin surrounding the implant.
Juvenile criminal offending is a significant social and public policy concern, with approximately 1 million adolescents in the United States formally processed within the justice system each year . Finally, substance use may interfere with adolescents’ abilities to successfully occupy and fulfill adult roles , which prevent them from ”maturing out” of criminal behavior  . The first goal of the current study was to examine the effects of substance abuse treatments that were received by a sample of serious juvenile offenders in the ‘real world’ rather than in the context of a treatment outcome study.
Since shortly after the discovery of immunoglobulin D , its main role in the immune system has been believed to be as a B cell receptor  , for review see . This ability of IgD expression to be regulated by RNA splicing is evolutionarily ancient and probably predates the process of class switching  . Surface expression of IgD varies with B cell subset.
The formation of multispecies biofilms is influenced by three major factors; the nature of the surface to which the biofilm adheres, the composition of the potential colonizing species that will make up the biofilm and the bulk fluid that bathe and sustain the biofilm community. After an initial professional cleaning, subjects refrained from oral hygiene for 7 days. Total DNA probe counts returned to pre cleaning levels in about 4 days.
In picking an apple off a tree, you move your eyes and head to look at various apples. In this way, target selection commonly is assumed to be the first step in a sequential process that guides goal directed reaching. Maintaining gaze on the target optimizes the precision of reaching movements .
In vitro studies show that prolonged infection of macrophages with Mycobacterium tuberculosis  or M. bovis BCG  inhibits IFN gamma induced expression of class II transactivator  and MHC II , as well as a subset of other IFN gamma induced genes , and results in decreased MHC II antigen presentation . This mechanism has been demonstrated with murine bone marrow derived macrophages , murine alveolar macrophages  and human monocyte derived macrophages and THP 1 cells . The inhibition involves blockade of IFN gamma induced chromatin remodeling at the CIITA promoter .
Among 40 million people worldwide infected with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus , approximately 5 million are also co infected chronically with the hepatitis C Virus  . However, PegIFN α/RBV triggers the development of neuropsychiatric adverse effects including anxiety, irritability, mood lability, depression and suicidal behavior . Psychiatric toxicity occurs within the first few months of treatment and may affect up to 50% of all patients receiving PegIFN α based therapy .
Structurally diverse small molecules serve as selective agents to dissect complex cellular signaling pathways dysregulated in disease. , N containing heterocycles are commonly occurring structural motifs in natural products as well as pharmacophores in top selling drugs. , Not surprisingly, they continue to be the inspiration for core scaffolds for library synthesis in modern day drug discovery .
The behavioral and neuromodulatory effects of dopamine are mediated via D1 like and D2 like dopamine receptors, members of the G protein coupled receptor family . The dopamine D1 receptor is highly expressed in striatal regions of the brain  and is coupled to stimulatory G proteins . Previous studies have assessed the role of the dopamine D1 receptor in locomotor behaviors.
CNC cells are a group of pluripotent cells that delaminate from the neural tube early in embryogenesis and contribute extensively to the formation of vertebrate facial architecture, including cartilage and bone. Dysregulation of CNC development can lead to dramatic congenital defects such as orofacial clefting. Post translational modifications of histones by acetylation, phosphorylation, methylation and sumoylation have been demonstrated to regulate craniofacial development.
Extensive preclinical and clinical investigations of atherosclerosis link inflammation to plaque progression and complications. While several imaging methods can assess plaque structure, few can visualize specific molecular and cellular aspects of the inflammatory process. To address this need, rapidly developing molecular sensing strategies may permit visualization of key biological processes in atherosclerosis.
Genomic analyses of malignant disease are intended to distinguish the molecular features that underlie carcinogenesis and identify clinical targets. Moreover, comparing primary and metastatic tumors is an exceptionally useful way to assess the molecular alterations associated with stage or progression . This complexity is likely to result, in part, from different genetic backgrounds and environmental exposures of the patients.
Mammalian target of rapamycin  signaling has emerged as a central mechanism in controlling many physiological processes in mammalian cells. In particular, the physiological role of mTORC2 has been understudied. More recently, mouse genetic studies have implicated hepatic mTORC2 in regulating whole body metabolism.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that is characterized by the selective loss of upper and lower motor neurons. There have been various approaches to design treatments based on those hypotheses. Creatine, based upon its ability to stabilize the mitochondrial transition pore, is postulated to improve mitochondrial energy metabolism .
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma  is a relatively rare head and neck malignancy in the United States. In contrast, certain southern regions of China have an incidence as high as 50 cases per 100,000 per year. The initial presentation of NPC varies widely, but rarely is the disease localized to the nasopharynx.
In response to encounter with self antigen, autoreactive B cells may undergo secondary L chain gene rearrangement and edit their antigen receptor specificity by expression of a new L chain . B cells may also edit their antigen receptor specificity by a process known as VH replacement, in which case the targeting of a cryptic recombination signal sequence 2 within a rearranged VH gene results in its replacement by an upstream VH gene  . There is evidence that VH replacement may also occur relatively late in B cell differentiation.
Sarcopenia encompasses the loss of muscle mass and function with age, and occurs in a variety of species . Although evidence suggests that calcium dependent proteolysis, caspases, and lysosomal degradation contribute to accelerated muscle proteolysis, such as in muscle disuse and denervation, the major pathway responsible for the degradation of contractile proteins in skeletal muscle is orchestrated through the ubiquitin proteasome system  . Attaix, Combaret and colleagues concluded in their reviews of the literature that it currently remains unclear whether proteasome activity and proteasome function  are increased or decreased in aged skeletal muscle .
One of the major concerns regarding the use of radioprotective agents is that, while they protect cells from the acute effects of radiation, the surviving cells and their progeny are at an increased risk for delayed radiation induced genomic instability. Genomic instability is defined as the increased rate of alterations to the genome, including gene mutations, chromosomal abnormalities, micronucleus formation, reduced plating efficiency and cellular transformation. Genomic instability has been detected after both low  and high linear energy transfer  radiation exposure .
Neuromyelitis optica  is a chronic inflammatory demyelinating disease that has long been considered a variant of multiple sclerosis . Recently, antibodies against aquaporin 4  have been identified as a specific disease marker of NMO . Their titres have been shown to correlate loosely with disease severity and length of spinal cord involvement .
Lung cancer is the second most common cancer and the leading cause of cancer related death in men and women in the United States . Vitamin D may influence cancer survival and inhibit tumor progression by suppressing metastasis, proliferation, and angiogenesis, or by promoting apoptosis in cancer cells . 25 hydroxyvitamin D D) is the primary form of circulating vitamin D and the accepted measure of vitamin D status, integrating vitamin D obtained from sunlight exposure and dietary intake  .
Capnography is a useful monitoring tool during mechanical ventilation and is the standard of care for confirmation of endotracheal tube placement,,,, and for monitoring in the operating room setting,,. Capnography is also useful for monitoring the integrity of the ventilator circuit for early detection of mishaps such as inadvertent extubation,, . There is less agreement about the utility of continuous capnography for ventilated intensive care unit patients.
Natural killer  cells need to be in close contact with tumour cells in order to trigger their cytolytic machinery . In human NK cells, however, the only MMPs described to date are MMP 1,  2,  9, MT1  and MT2 MMP  . Knowledge about the expression and regulation of MMPs and other matrix degrading proteases in NK cells is limited.
The regulation of enterocyte apoptosis in the newborn intestine plays an important role in determining the balance between mucosal homeostasis and disease. Such regulation may be of particular relevance to the development of necrotizing enterocolitis , a devastating illness of premature neonates that is characterized by exaggerated enterocyte apoptosis leading to severe intestinal injury. Since the newborn intestine does not spontaneously develop NEC, we now posit that counter regulatory pathways may exist within enterocytes to restrain TLR4 signaling, and that the failure of such pathways lead to NEC development.
Among injection drug users , the sharing of injection equipment places users at a high risk for serious health consequences, including acquisition of HIV and hepatitis C. Identifying and examining behavioral risk factors for infection raises crucial issues in the measurement of drug use and associated behaviors . Comprehensive measurement of drug use and risk behavior depends largely on retrospective self reports . Although researchers have attempted to increase the accuracy of these measures, it is generally accepted that illicit drug use  is underreported .
Antigen arrays contain many different molecules, such as proteins, peptides, and carbohydrates, immobilized on a solid support in a spatially defined arrangement. , While antigen arrays are becoming a mainstay of basic and clinical research, improved array design and enhanced capabilities are still needed. First, detection is limited to the antigens found on the array.
Blood oxygenation level dependent  based functional magnetic resonance imaging  has been widely used to study brain function . For instance, identical neural activity may not be able to repeatedly trigger the same BOLD response due to a refractory effect of vascular response . The mechanism underlying BOLD nonlinearity is poorly understood, partially because of its uncertain physiological origin.
With the continued global trend toward urbanization, management of the growth of cities—and the daily transport of people into and out of those cities—is an increasingly complex and important concern. The challenges of efficiently moving large numbers of people have traditionally been addressed through mass transit infrastructure, and most major cities in the developed world have extensive transit systems. The benefits of these systems include improvements in air and water quality, increased speed of passenger movement, energy conservation, mitigation of climate change, and reductions in acute and chronic illness., Despite these benefits, however, mass transit systems can also present public health hazards when not designed or maintained properly.
The escalating incarceration rate of women has increased attention to female offenders and more specifically to those with substance abuse problems. This trend has continued, and as of 2006, females made up 7.2% of the population under State or Federal jurisdiction, up from 6.7% in 2000 . As arrest rates have risen, so has the number of women mandated by courts to drug treatment .
Aß is continuously produced from the amyloid precursor protein  in brains of normal individuals and patients with Alzheimer’s disease . A key pathological feature in AD patients, deposits of Aß build up for some period prior to the onset of symptoms. This gradual build up of Aß is mimicked in APP transgenic mouse models  , despite stability of APP transgene expression .
The follicle stimulating hormone, a pituitary glycoprotein, plays a critical role in ovarian follicular development . Null mutation of FSHβ or FSHR gene in mice results in arrest in follicular development at the preantral stage . Further, the formation of primordial follicles in the golden hamster has been shown to require FSH action .
GABAA receptors are heteropentameric ligand gated chloride channels responsible for the majority of fast inhibitory neurotransmission in the mammalian brain . Seven subunit families  are known to exist , with αβγ and αβδ isoforms representing the majority of neuronal GABAA receptors . In general, αβγ receptors are targeted to the synapse , while αβδ receptors are targeted to extra  or perisynaptic areas  .
The minipig is emerging as an alternative non rodent model besides NHP and dogs, to be used for radiation countermeasure testing under the FDA animal rule. Such a rule requires that the model is well characterized and predictive of the human condition. We have undertaken a step by step approach to evaluate the suitability of the minipig to replicate the Hematopoietic Acute Radiation Syndrome  observed in humans.
Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder  is among the most common behavioral disorders of childhood with a prevalence of approximately 7.8% in the United States . Tests of this prediction, however, have produced variable findings. For example, several well known longitudinal studies of children diagnosed with ADHD did not find greater rates of adolescent AUD  when compared to adolescents without ADHD histories .
HIV infects host cells through a process of membrane fusion directed by the viral membrane protein gp41. Activation occurs by binding of gp120 to specific target cell receptors, with subsequent interaction of gp41 with the target cell membrane. , The ~180 residue ectodomain of gp41 lies outside the virus and undergoes conformational change which is correlated with membrane fusion.
Each year, an estimated 150,000 to 200,000 migrants from Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras enter the United States in search of work opportunities. Roughly 40% of the Mexican and Central American immigrant population currently resides in the state of California  . Faced with long term separation from their families and difficult working conditions, many migrants develop depression and anxiety disorders and turn to alcohol and other drugs to cope .
The ability to decode movement intent from the cerebral cortex has spurred accelerating development of brain machine interfaces  in the last decade. BMIs provide a way to control an external device directly  or restore limb movement  using cortical signals. Biomimetic BMIs are trained using normal movement, providing an intuitive mapping between body movements and the external effector .
Failing to show  rates are the percentage of patients who fail to appear at their appointments with no, or only a few hours, warning. FTS for dental appointments have important potential ramifications for the dental health care system and patients’ oral health. When patients FTS for appointments dental practices generate less revenue/production, staff are less efficiently used, and patients who FTS access less dental care thereby increasing their risk of poor dental health  .
Progress is being made in developing interventions that are truly effective in preventing or slowing the progression of Alzheimer's disease . Should such treatments become available, it then becomes critical to identify persons who are in the earliest stages of the illness or are destined to develop it in the future. Many studies have shown that loss of delayed episodic memory typically occurs early in the disease .
A large body of previous work has indicated that children of substance abusing parents are at increased risk for both emotional and behavioral difficulties relative to their same age peers . In addition, these children are more likely to develop similar problems of substance use and abuse as they enter adolescence . Although it is well known that children of substance abusing parents are at greater risk for a multitude of problems, studies also demonstrate considerable variability in their psychological functioning.
Presynaptic modulators often act by altering the probability of transmitter release , which is heterogeneous across the population of a neuron’s presynaptic terminals . At least in some systems, this presynaptic activation requires protein synthesis  and takes several hours. On the other hand, rapid activation of cAMP signaling does not seem to increase functional terminals , despite apparent enhancement of synaptic output by electrophysiological assessment .
Memory is a process that is vulnerable to degradation with the advancement of age. Cognitive decline related to aging affects many mammalian species, from humans to primates to rodents, therefore rodents have served as an appropriate model for cognitive aging  . Recent evidence suggests that the relationship between PSD 95 and GluN2B may be altered during aging in the frontal cortices of mice .
Immunoglobulin M , the first antibody to be secreted during an immune response, is highly effective at neutralizing and agglutinating pathogens, and also activates the classical complement cascade with 1000 fold increased avidity than IgG . This increased avidity is largely due to the pentameric structure of IgM . Natural IgM, produced by B 1 B cells of naïve animals, has been identified as a link between innate and adaptive immune responses because of their ability to control the dissemination of both viruses and bacteria .
DNA has considerable potential to form structures other than canonical Watson Crick duplexes, with potentially profound consequences for genomic stability. Transient denaturation accompanying replication or transcription enables G4 DNA formation . Because G4 DNA forms transiently, it is difficult to detect directly in a living cell .
Mesenchymal stem cells  are multipotent progenitors that have been isolated from a variety of adult tissues and are capable of self renewal as well as differentiation into bone, fat, and cartilage under specific culture conditions . Indeed, the differentiation of MSCs into the osteoblastic lineage has been touted as a promising strategy for in vivo regeneration and repair of damaged bone tissue . Emerging studies clearly indicate the role of extracellular cues arising from the matrix on directing osteogenic commitment of stem cells.
Lymphocyte motility is critical for the development and function of T cells. Overexpression of CCR7 promotes commitment to the CD8 single positive  lineage . CCR7−/− thymocytes also demonstrate defective negative selection .
Prognosis of clinical outcome in oncology determines treatment decisions in patients with early and advanced cancer. Variables currently used include epidemiological information, tumor type, molecular characterization, and clinical parameters such as tumor size and the presence of nodal and extranodal metastasis . Hence, determining the clinical predictive value from histological epidemiology remains limited.
Although alopecia is rarely reported in wild populations of non human primates, it has been a persistent concern in captive populations. Several studies report prevalence rates in rhesus macaques , either for individually housed animals or for captive social groups. However, despite this strong relationship, hair pulling explained only 4 to 7 percent of the variance in alopecia presentation in the study.
Bioflocculants are natural product metabolites produced by a wide variety of microorganisms including bacteria, fungi, yeast and algae . The basic building blocks found in bioflocculants include sugar monomers , amino sugars , organic acids , amino acids, nucleic acids, fatty acids, sulfate groups, and O acetyl esters . Chemical flocculants are generally classified into two groups.
Heart failure is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States. This approach has the added advantage that it can also identify novel candidate genes for Mendelian forms of heart disease . Dilated cardiomyopathy exhibits high genetic heterogeneity as mutations in more than 20 genes have been associated with the disease, such as desmin, tafazzin, δ sarcoglycan, dystrophin, and metavinculin, and nuclear envelope proteins such as emerin and lamin A/C .
The most common cytogenetic abnormality among adults with acute lymphoblastic leukemia  is the Philadelphia  chromosome, found in about 20% to 30% of all cases. Incidence of Ph positive ALL increases with age, occurring in up to 50% of patients over 50 years old. The disease in patients with Ph positive ALL has a more aggressive clinical course and is associated with a higher incidence of central nervous system involvement.
Pituitary tumors  are a diverse group of neoplasms of the pituitary with an estimated prevalence of approximately 15%. The vast majority of PTs involve adenohypophyseal cells of the pituitary, and are histologically proven to be benign pituitary adenomas. While most PTs are asymptomatic, they may compress surrounding structures and secrete abnormal levels of pituitary hormones causing various endocrinologic symptoms.
This study examined the effect of vapor lock on canal debridement efficacy by testing the null hypothesis that there is no difference between a “Closed” and an “Open” system design in smear layer and debris removal using a side vented needle for irrigant delivery . Twenty eight extracted human single rooted teeth were radiographed to ensure that each tooth contained one canal, and that an equal number of narrow  and wide canals  were present in the two experimental groups. Each tooth was decoronated at 17 mm from the anatomical apex.
Acting in several brain regions, neurotrophins and their signaling pathways play significant roles in neuronal excitability, synaptic transmission, models of learning and memory , and responses to drugs of abuse . Neurotrophin signaling cascades have also been shown to play crucial roles in regulating responses to stress in several animal models of depression and antidepressant action  . Midbrain dopamine neurons of the ventral tegmental area  and their projections to the nucleus accumbens , which together form the mesolimbic dopamine system, express neurotrophins and their Trk receptors .
Zinc is the second most abundant transition metal in the body, and it exists in high concentrations within the brain . Besides participating in cell growth and development as an important structural and functional component in a large number of proteins, zinc can function as a neuromodulator to affect synaptic signaling  . However, mice lacking vesicular zinc still show zinc accumulation in degenerating neurons following excitotoxic stimuli, suggesting that zinc may be released from cellular locations other than synaptic vesicles .
With the development of advanced ultrasensitive fluorescence detection methods, it is possible to perform experiments on single biomolecules and particles. In general, two approaches are followed for single particle tracking: either tracking is performed ex post facto from data collected with a camera via post processing or the tracking is performed in real time using a feedback approach. The former approach has the advantage that multiple particles can be tracked simultaneously whereas the latter approach is typically faster and more flexible.
Examining exposures to mixtures of insecticides is important for understanding the underlying mechanisms of organophosphorus  compound toxicity and assessing aggregate risk. Numerous studies have examined additive and synergistic effects of combinations of OPs in vitro and in vivo. Significant individual variability in levels of CaE in human liver microsomes has been reported, with activities varying from 5.3  to 44.7 fold, depending on the substrate used for measuring CaE activity .
The Hippo pathway was initially identified through genetic screening in Drosophila as having crucial roles in restricting tissue growth. The evolutionarily conserved functions of this pathway in control of tissue and organ size were further demonstrated through genetically engineered mouse models. In mammalian systems, the Hippo pathway is composed of core kinase complexes , adaptor proteins , downstream effectors  and nuclear transcription factors .
Autism spectrum disorders are a group of relatively common pervasive neurodevelopmental disorders affecting between 2 6 children per 1000 . Evidence includes increased rates of infection in neonates who were later diagnosed with autism, , and links with congenital rubella, cytomegalovirus and other viral infections . Descriptions of aberrant immune function in individuals with autism have been reported for nearly 40 years.
Over the past few decades, the incidence of invasive aspergillosis has risen steadily. It is now the most common invasive mould infection worldwide . Mortality is almost 100% if the disease is left untreated and high  even with therapy .
Many transmembrane signaling proteins in prokaryotes contain a 50 residue HAMP motif, so called because it occurs in histidine kinases, adenylyl cyclases, methyl accepting chemotaxis proteins  and certain phosphatases. Native MCP molecules are homodimers of ~550 residue subunits organized into three functional modules : a transmembrane sensing module composed of a periplasmic ligand binding domain and four transmembrane helices, a signal converting HAMP domain that adjoins one of the transmembrane helices in each subunit, and a 4 helix bundle kinase control module connected to the HAMP domain. E. coli has two amino acid sensing MCPs, Tar  and Tsr  that have been extensively studied .
The public health importance of maternal zinc deficiency is increasingly recognized . Yet, efforts to define the magnitude and distribution of zinc deficiency are hampered by a lack of indicators of zinc status among individuals and populations . In the last 15 years there has been considerable interest in the concentration of metallothionein   in red blood cells , as a potential indicator of zinc status in different populations  including pregnant women .
Endocannabinoids  are lipid metabolites that suppress neurotransmitter release at excitatory and inhibitory synapses by serving as agonist for presynaptic CB1 cannabinoid receptors . The eCBs are acutely generated  in the postsynaptic neurons following a stimulus and release is believed to occur via passive diffusion through the plasma membrane or facilitated by as yet unidentified mechanisms. The direction of chemical transmission is opposite to fast synaptic transmission and hence eCBs are termed retrograde messengers.
Human endosomal sorting complex required for transport  I is involved in sorting of membrane receptors into multivesicular body  pathway . In the last step of retroviral release, membrane fission event is mediated by the late budding domain  of Gag protein, which directly or indirectly interacts with proteins of the class E vacuolar protein sorting  pathway . The class E VPS proteins are organized into four complexes, namely ESCRT 0,  I,  II, and  III .
Advances in functional brain imaging techniques have led to the identification of possible neuroanatomical substrates of pain perception. It is well established that SI is involved in processing innocuous tactile information, but little is known about the specific functional roles of Brodmann areas 3a, 3b, 1 and 2 within SI in processing nociceptive information. Some studies suggest involvement of areas 3b and 1 , while others implicate area 3a, , and yet others areas 1 and 2 .
The central circadian pacemaker in mammals is located in the suprachiasmatic nuclei  of the hypothalamus. It is entrained most potently by photic environmental input via direct and indirect retinofugal projections, which ultimately yield alterations in multiple feedback loops of clock related gene products within SCN cells to effect shifts in their rhythmic output that allow synchronization with environmental light dark cycles . Photic input also induces expression of the immediate early gene, c fos, in retinorecipient SCN cells.
Fluorescence correlation spectroscopy  or fluorescence fluctuation spectroscopy  have emerged as sensitive techniques to monitor a variety of biochemical reactions, such as protein protein interactions,  reaction kinetics,  and equilibrium concentrations. FCS was introduced more than 35 years ago to measure diffusion and chemical dynamics of DNA drug interactions through the analysis of concentration fluctuations about the equilibrium of a small ensemble  of molecules. Recently, FCS has been applied as a tool to screen for protein interactions for both fundamental research and drug development/discovery applications due to its noninvasiveness, single molecule limits of detection, rapid readout, high analytical sensitivity and accessibility to physical and chemical information at the single molecule level free from ensemble averaging.
The prevalence of cancer survivors in the United States  has increased steadily in recent decades due to dramatic improvements in survival resulting from new treatments and early detection. With over 13 million survivors in the US today, understanding the long term health of cancer survivors is of vital public health importance. Second primary cancers  are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in this population, yet the etiology of most second cancers is largely unknown.
Microenvironments built in microfluidic systems provide excellent conditions for single cell experiments due to the controllability of various culturing factors inside the system. Many types of single cell trapping methods have been developed to address this issue., These methods can be classified fundamentally into five categories: chemical, hydrodynamic, optical, acoustic, and magnetic trapping. Among them, hydrodynamic trapping is the most common and simplest way to realize cell or particle trapping in the microfluidic system.
Bovine seminal ribonuclease  and several amphibian ribonucleases, including ranpirnase , exhibit innate antitumoral activity . The ability to retain ribonucleolytic activity in the presence of RI is a primary determinant of the cytotoxicity of BS RNase, ONC, and engineered ribonucleases  . Tandem dimers of RNase A are likewise toxic to cancer cells  .
New onset diabetes mellitus after transplantation  is a widely recognized and serious complication in renal transplant recipients. It has been associated with reduced patient and graft survival, impaired graft function, cardiovascular disease , and atherosclerotic events. Incidence rates vary from 2 to 50% during first post transplantation year, depending on the inclusion and diagnostic criteria.
Chronic increases in the rates of endogenous synthesis of NO have been implicated in the development of several human diseases, including cancer . In the gastrointestinal tract, NO or its metabolites have been linked to the pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel diseases , which often precede colon cancer . In an open system, the extent to which the diffusional loss of NO competes with Reactions 1 and 2 is determined by the liquid depth and the availability of O2 and O2− in the medium.
Malignant tumors of the bladder account for approximately 5% of all new primary cancers diagnosed in the United States, with an estimated 70,980 new cases in 2009 . Seventy percent to 80% of bladder cancer is non muscle invasive bladder cancer . Although NMIBC has an excellent prognosis and greater than an 80% overall 5 year survival rate, tumor recurrence is a major clinical problem and occurs in up to 70% of NMIBC patients after transurethral resection .
Photodynamic therapy  is an emerging therapy for many diseases including cancer, neovascular and hyperproliferative disorders and infections. This is a short lived  species that can lose its energy by emitting light  or by internal conversion into heat. The PS excited triplet can undergo three broad kinds of reactions that are usually known as Type I and Type II.
In sub Saharan Africa, diseases caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae type b  are important causes of morbidity and mortality in children. Collectively they cause up to 500,000 deaths per year . In 2001, two East African countries, Kenya and Uganda, introduced the conjugate Hib vaccine into their routine immunization schedules with funding from the GAVI Alliance.
Adolescent substance use and misuse continues to be a major public health concern . Among adolescents, peers are important sources for obtaining drugs. Approximately 25% of all students in grades 9 through 12 indicate someone has offered, sold, or given them an illegal drug on school property .
As we walk down a crowded street we encounter numerous complex objects over time, many of which are similar at the feature level. How does the visual system represent sets of similar objects or features presented over time? One possibility is to generate discrete, high fidelity representations for every object we encounter.
Activation of G protein coupled receptors  provides an important signaling pathway for neurotransmitters in the brain. The best example is the GABAB receptor, which functions as an obligatory heterodimer of two subtypes, GBR1 and GBR2 . Subsequent studies revealed that GBR1 contains the agonist binding site while GBR2 signals to G proteins  .
Injection drug use is a well established risk factor for morbidity and pre mature mortality due to various causes, including HIV infection . A recent systematic review and meta analysis that included over 60 cohorts of persons who inject drugs  demonstrated a pooled crude mortality rate of 2.4 per 100 person years among this population, and found a pooled standardized mortality ratio to be almost 15 times higher among those who inject drugs compared to the general population . Premature mortality among this population results primarily from potentially preventable causes such as accidental overdose, infectious diseases including HIV infection, suicide and injuries  .
Mef2C is a member of the Mef2 family of transcription factors characterized by the MADS  box . Mef2C expression level varies at different stages of hematopoiesis. Transcription factors play pivotal roles in hematopoiesis.
Assessment of functional capacity is an intrinsic part of determining the functional relevance of response to treatment of cognitive impairment in schizophrenia. Existing methods are highly and consistently correlated with performance on neuropsychological tests, but most current assessments of functional capacity are still paper and pencil simulations. We developed a computerized virtual reality assessment that contains all of the components of a shopping trip .
Posttraumatic stress disorder  can develop in individuals who experience severely traumatic events. Exaggerated suppression of HPA activity following dexamethasone challenge has been a consistent finding in PTSD  and in traumatized individuals regardless of PTSD status . On the other hand, concentrations of corticotropin releasing hormone  in the cerebrospinal fluid are higher in PTSD patients .
The negative symptoms of schizophrenia are related to a wide range of adverse outcomes, including lower subjective psychological well being , reduced likelihood of illness remission , and impairments in social and vocational functioning . In particular, diminished vocal communication has been reported in a subset of individuals with schizophrenia , and there is evidence that this involves separate channels of speech production  and speech variability . However, much of this early work relied on subjective ratings of prosody.
The phosphorylated derivatives of phosphatidylinositol , called collectively PIs, are eukaryotic cell membrane phospholipids, whose inositol head group is phosphorylated at positions D3, D4 or D5, singly or in all combinations, to yield seven PI metabolites. Accumulated evidence indicates that PtdInsP2, a low abundance PI comprising as little as 0.8% of total PIs, mediates essential aspects of endosome plasticity. The enzymes and regulators involved in PtdInsP2 synthesis and turnover are all large evolutionarily conserved proteins, products of single copy genes from yeast to humans.
A potential recurring challenge to IOP homeostasis is posture change with the consequent gravity dependent changes in cephalic arterial and venous pressures . In humans in the upright position, blood flowing from the heart to the eye and back experiences the force of gravity such that the cephalic arterial and venous pressures are 10   15 mmHg lower than in the supine position , yet the IOP increase in going from upright to supine is only a few mmHg, much smaller than the changes in cephalic vascular pressures  . Based on the Goldmann equation, the normal EVP of 9 mmHg is responsible for 60% of the typical human IOP of 15mmHg and changes in EVP should elicit 1:1 changes in IOP .
Integrins, including the β1 integrins, have been linked to tumor progression and the remodeling of extracellular matrix  associated with this progression ]. In human breast carcinomas, expression of β1 integrin has been reported to be unchanged , but also to be increased and predictive of poor survival . In vitro, a function blocking antibody to β1 integrin reverses the malignant phenotype of breast cancer cells grown in three dimensional  cultures .
The blood vascular endothelium in lymphoid tissues controls homeostatic lymphocyte homing and leukocyte recruitment during inflammation, regulates metabolite exchange and blood flow to meet the energy requirements of the immune response, and maintains vascular integrity and hemostasis. These diverse functions require specialization of the endothelium. In addition, HEVs display tissue specialization.
A majority of problem drinkers in the United States that seek help do so byattending Alcoholics Anonymous , and a majority of treatment programs routinelyrefer patients to attend AA . Prospective studies  and meta analytic reviews  reportmodest yet positive benefits associated with AA exposure, with the importantfootnote that measures of AA engagement and commitment often are stronger and moreconsistent predictors of positive outcome relative to sheer AA meeting attendance. Giventhese findings, attention has focused on the psychological and social mechanismsthat account for AA related benefit  .
Two general processes are thought to contribute to hepatocellular cancer  prognosis. These two general processes may also affect one another. Non disease specific factors such as gender and age can also influence HCC outcomes, suggesting that any individual disease parameter needs to be considered within a total personal clinical context.
Young children demonstrate an impressive ability to learn words. Although full knowledge of a word is constructed over a protracted period of time, preschool children add new words to their lexicon at a rate of at least several words per day . The size of a child’s vocabulary at school entry may be 6,00010,000 words.
Coronary heart disease  is the leading cause of death world wide and the burden of heart disease has been growing among economically developing nations . In China, rapid economic development has significantly changed living conditions, nutrition, and health care. While low in comparison to CHD rates in some Western countries, these rates have been increasing rapidly in tandem with economic and lifestyle changes.
Periodontal diseases are prevalent diseases and are substantial public health burden world wide. It was not clear, however, which of the enamel matrix proteins induce the regeneration, and what molecular mechanisms are involved  . Mature enamel is composed of highly organized tightly packed hydroxy apatite crystallites.
Considerable work has defined an important role for the neuropeptide oxytocin in social behavior . Recently, work has begun to generalize these findings to human social behaviors . These studies have shown that intranasally delivered oxytocin can increase trust or generosity in economic games , improve inference of emotions from images of the eyes  and increase fixations to the eye region in human faces .
Plakins are multi domain proteins implicated in cytoskeletal regulation, intercellular interactions, and cell signaling . Both proteins contain N terminal actin binding domains , followed by plakin domains, extended spectrin repeat domains, EF hand motifs, and C terminal microtubule binding domains  . In addition, MACF1 has been shown to regulate MT binding of the plus end tracking protein CLASP2, suggesting a role in MT stabilization and cell motility .
Predominantly uncontrolled studies suggest that there may be a greater risk of subsequent vertebral compression fractures  associated with vertebroplasty and kyphoplasty. To further understand the risk of VCFs, we conducted a population based retrospective cohort study using data from a large regional health insurer . Administrative claims procedure codes were used to identify a treatment group of patients receiving either a vertebroplasty or kyphoplasty  and a comparison group of patients with a primary diagnosis of VCF who did not receive treatment during the same time period.
The dynamin family of GTPases is unique in their ability to exist in multiple oligomerization forms. Dynamin is found in equilibrium as dimers , tetramers , and octamers  , and these structures can assemble into higher order oligomers such as rings and helices  ). The assembly of dynamin into higher order oligomers increases its GTPase activity , which promotes its disassembly .
Unlike mammals, lampreys show regeneration of axons and functional recovery after complete spinal cord transection . However, lamprey reticulospinal neurons differ in their regenerative abilities. While some are consistently “good regenerators”, other neurons “bad regenerators” .
A diverse range of medical conditions influence the structure and function of the hippocampus among older adults. Cardiovascular disease and vascular risk factors, clinical depression, anxiety, pain, traumatic brain injury, and dementia have all been linked with changes in hippocampal integrity  . Depressive symptoms and dementia are both very common in older adults .
Endometrial carcinoma is the most common gynecologic malignancy in the world. According to the National Cancer Institute , there are 8,010 deaths from endometrial cancer in the United States in 2012. While most patients  can be surgically cured with a hysterectomy, the remaining 20% patients who are diagnosed with advanced or recurrent disease have far worse survival rates and limited adjuvant treatment options , .
Inflammation is an important component of the corneal response to injury. Interleukin 1  has been shown to be an important cytokine in the initiation of corneal inflammation . Binding of IL 1 to its receptor results in several downstream inflammatory effects, including leukocyte extravasation, protease and prostaglandin production, and T cell activation .
Increased consumption of fruits and vegetables  may help decrease disparities in diet related health outcomes. However, vegetable consumption in the US is low, and only 26% of adults meet national recommendations., Vegetable consumption is even lower among minority populations . Although they are the most nutritious group, dark green vegetables are also the least consumed.
A prominent form of neural activity that occurs in the absence of external stimulation is persistent activity— often associated with the active maintenance of short term memory information in the brain . Neurophysiological experiments to investigate this phenomenon typically rely on behaviors in which a subject has been trained to remember an item for a “delay period” lasting a few seconds. Actions that reveal that the item was correctly held and recalled from short term memory are then rewarded.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha  inhibitors are effective in the treatment of juvenile idiopathic arthritis  but may increase infection rates due to immunosuppressive effects. However, evaluation of infection rates in JIA patients treated with these agents is relatively limited, and hypothetical risk is often inferred from adult studies of rheumatoid arthritis  patients. Infection rates vary markedly between different studies investigating the use of TNF α inhibitors in JIA patients .
Under 21 Code of Federal Regulations  Part 312 and 21 CFR Part 812, sponsors of clinical investigations involving an investigational drug or device are required to submit, respectively, an Investigational New Drug  or Investigational Device Exemption  application. An IND/IDE is a request for authorization by the Food and Drug Administration  for an investigational drug, biological product, or device seeking marketing approval to be administered to humans and for permission to be shipped across state lines. Similarly, the data gathered during clinical trials of an IND become part of a New Drug Application  for review and potential approval of the product.
A strong familial and genetic contribution to the etiology of chronic lymphocytic leukemia  has been recognized for many decades . The first genome wide association study  of CLL was carried out among Caucasians in the United Kingdom and detected 6 single nucleotide polymorphisms  that achieved genome wide significance with p values of < 10−7  . These findings were recently replicated in studies of Caucasians from other parts of Europe .
Epithelial ovarian carcinoma  has the poorest survival of all gynecologic malignancies , due predominantly to the presence of disseminated intraperitoneal metastasis . Experimentally created three dimensional cultures recapitulate the in vivo cellular environment more closely than traditional cell culture on planar substrata. It has been demonstrated that these three dimensional culture models and organotypic cultures can accurately and reliably replicate certain conditions in the living organs and, therefore, can be used as a preliminary model to more closely understand the consequences of interactions of cells with the surrounding microenvironment , .
Mindfulness has been defined as the ability to direct non judgmental attention to one’s present moment experience . Rooted in Buddhist traditions, mindfulness meditation is a foundational practice for reducing psychological suffering . posited that college students higher in the mind/body awareness may be more likely to drink to avoid or intensify physical and emotional sensations as they are more attuned to these sensations.
Transfer RNA  genes are ubiquitous in all organisms and have been attractive gene models for evolutionary studies . It contains a charge site at the opposite end with CCA nucleotides where an amino acid cognate to the tRNA is attached. Mutations in the anticodon site generate new isoacceptor families comprising tRNAs with different anticodons but still charging the same amino acid.
The etiology of the neurodevelopmental disorder, Autism Spectrum Disorder , likely involves multiple genes interacting with each other rather than a chromosomal abnormality of a single gene . Several endophenotypes have been proposed for ASD. Initiations of Joint Attention  emerge typically between 9 and 15 months and include child behaviors used to direct others’ attention to external objects or events .
The long term effects of childhood trauma are vast and well documented. They comprise an array of poor health outcomes including depression , personality disorders , anxiety , eating disorders , post traumatic stress disorder , and suicide attempt . There is a growing body of evidence to suggest emotional abuse may be a stronger predictor than the more commonly studied physical and sexual abuse with respect to the development of certain poor health and social outcomes, including intimate partner violence .
The suprachiasmatic nucleus  of the hypothalamus is the location of the master circadian oscillator of mammals . GABAergic synaptic transmission in the SCN is regulated, in part, by the circadian clock since the frequency of spontaneous inhibitory postsynaptic currents, the extracellular GABA concentration, and paired pulse depression at a subset of GABAergic synapses show daily variations . Several research groups have observed only inhibitory GABA effects .
Innate immunity is recognized to play an important role in the response to viral pathogens. Produced by different cell types, cytokines are essential for the development and orchestration of both innate and adaptive immunity . Toll like receptors , which are largely distributed on several immune cells, including macrophages, dendritic cells and lymphocytes; trigger innate immune responses and are involved in host defense against pathogens.
Recent studies have shown that sexual functioning and sexually related personal distress are weakly related in women, with only a minority of sexual difficulties resulting in significant levels of distress. However, there has been little systematic research to date on which factors moderate the relationship between sexual functioning and sexual distress . Two hundred women  completed surveys assessing sexual functioning, relational intimacy, attachment anxiety, and sexual distress .
Apolipoprotein B mRNA editing enzyme catalytic polypeptide like editing complex 3  proteins belong to a family of host cytidine deaminases with a wide array of biological functions, subcellular localization and tissue expression profiles . APOBEC1 , the founding member of this family, is an mRNA editing enzyme that deaminates Apolipoprotein B mRNA to produce two isoforms of apolipoproteins that are required for low density lipid formation. Mice transgenic for human A2 develop lung and liver tumors .
Recently, our laboratory have reported on the use of PEGylated phospholipids such as poly grafted 1,2 Distearoyl phosphoethanolamine, , to form sterically stabilized micelles  or DSPE PEG2000 plus egg phosphatidylcholine  to form sterically stabilized mixed micelles  as targeted nanocarriers for the delivery of poorly water soluble drugs . Components of these micelles are FDA approved, safe, biocompatible, and relatively nontoxic . These sterically stabilized micelles, because of their low critical micellar concentration  values and most likely because of strong interactions between the acyl chains in the core region, are also relatively stable on dilution .
DAPK1 is a calcium calmodulin dependent serine/threonine protein kinase, which suppresses tumor metastasis via induction of apoptosis and autophagy  . However, the regulation of dapk1 is not fully understood. Recently, we identified that the expression of dapk1 is critically dependent on transcription factor CCAAT/Enhancer binding protein β  .
The basal ganglia and its primary input nucleus, the striatum, are critical for motivation and motor control . Indirect pathway MSNs, which project to the globus pallidus, express dopamine D2 and adenosine A2A receptors . According to classical basal ganglia models, increased direct pathway activity facilitates movement whereas increased indirect pathway activity inhibits movement  .
Patient transfers or handoffs between sites of care are common in health care systems and are associated with communication lapses that cause adverse events. Discrepancies in medication prescribing are common lapses that occur during transfer and such discrepancies cause adverse drug events . Standard medication review and reconciliation procedures have been tested to reduce such ADEs in several countries.
Magnetic resonance imaging  is highly sensitive to patient motion. Non Cartesian trajectories allow for longer data acquisition intervals per TR that allow shorter scans. Furthermore, non Cartesian sampling provides a practical platform for acceleration with advanced image reconstruction techniques such as constrained reconstruction and compressed sensing .
Rafts are liquid ordered microdomains consisting of specific proteins, cholesterol and sphingolipids in a defined stoichiometry . In their native state, raft size can vary from 50100 nm , although recent reports have documented smaller raft sizes  . Further, rafts have been implicated in the pathogenesis of many neurodegenerative diseases.
Ionizing radiation is a locally directed therapy that induces lethal chromosomal aberrations and activates the DNA damage response pathways, including ATM and p53, resulting in cell cycle arrest and apoptosis or mitotic catastrophe . Activation of these signaling pathways and transcription factors can result in significant changes to the phenotype of cancer cells prior to cell death. For example, in a study of 23 human carcinoma cell lines treated in vitro with radiation, 91% of the cell lines up regulated one or more of the surface molecules including Fas, intercellular adhesion molecule 1 , mucin 1, carcinoembryonic antigen , and/or major histocompatibility  class I .
Topoisomerase I in metazoan cell nuclei associates with transcriptionally active regions of the genome , and this attribute maps to the N terminal domain  of the protein , a non catalytic segment of variable sequence ranging from about 200 to 400 amino acids in length. The NTD of Drosophila Topo I  is capable of associating with RNA polymerase II  as judged by pull down experiments , suggesting a mechanism for targeting Topo I to active genes. Moreover, Topo I was found by proteomics approaches to bind directly to the hyperphosphorylated CTD  of Rpb1, the largest subunit of RNAPII .
Public health concerns such as the aging population and the increasing prevalence of obesity are also important issues to hospitals. However, little attention has been given to the interface of obesity and the elderly, largely due to the dearth of studies that include elderly patients. An aging population leads to an increase in geriatric syndromes, such as osteoporosis and its most devastating complication, hip fracture.
Clostridium difficile Infection  is the leading infectious cause of healthcare associated diarrhea. There is strong evidence that the incidence and severity of CDI are increasing over time. Mortality rates from CDI increased more than 400% between 2000 and 2004.
Workers in animal confinement facilities are at a greater risk for contracting a variety of lung disorders such as chronic bronchitis, acute respiratory distress syndrome , hypersensitivity pneumonitis, as well as developing asthma or COPD . Those even acutely exposed to these environments show clear signs of airway inflammation . Barn dust stimulates a sequential activation of PKC isoforms and cytokines in isolated airway epithelial cells.
Collagen II, a main structural protein of cartilaginous tissues, is first synthesized as procollagen characterized by the presence of an extended triple helical domain flanked by the globular N terminal and C terminal propeptides. These modifications include hydroxylation of proline residues and lysine residues by prolyl 4 hydroxylase  and lysyl hydroxylase , respectively. Moreover, the posttranslational modifications and subsequent formation of the triple helical structure are controlled by a group of endoplasmic reticulum  resident protein chaperones that includes heat shock protein 47 , immunoglobulin binding protein , and protein disulfide isomerase , an enzyme that also acts as the β subunit of the αα/ββ tetramer that constitutes functional P4H,,,.
South Africa has the largest number of HIV infected persons  of any country in the world, with an estimated adult HIV prevalence of 17% . Over the past decade, South Africa has also experienced a dramatic increase in the use of methamphetamine, a highly addictive psychostimulant that is consistently associated with sexual risk behaviors . South Africa’s emerging methamphetamine epidemic may fuel a second wave of infections in the country, including in Coloured communities around Cape Town .
Cystic Fibrosis  patients are subject to life long chronic respiratory infections, most commonly with the bacterium Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Phage particles have been detected in the sputa of CF patients . Because lysis is obviously detrimental to the individual host bacterium it is often assumed that integrated prophages will eventually lose their lytic activity, becoming cryptic.
Carpal tunnel syndrome in one of the most common compression neuropathies, with an estimated lifetime risk of 10% and a prevalence of about 3% . It is generally accepted that repetitive hand motion is a risk factor for CTS  . While the etiology of CTS is in most cases idiopathic, it is known that CTS is a result of increased pressure within the carpal tunnel, which is a confined anatomic space bounded by the carpal bones on the dorsal side, the trapezium on the radial side, the hook of the hamate on the ulnar side and the flexor retinaculum on the volar side .
Information about the visual world is transmitted to the brain in the form of sequences of action potentials in retinal ganglion cells that make up the optic nerve. Any further stimulus must produce a change in ganglion cell firing pattern that is distinct from this background noise in order for an animal to detect it, motivating the need for a quantitative description of discharge noise statistics. A fundamental aspect of any description of spike train statistics is stationarity.
Venous thromboembolism  is a disease that encompasses deep veinthrombosis  and pulmonary embolism  with significant morbidity andmortality. VTE oftendevelops in patients during their hospitalization but can also develop in patientsanytime in the 30 days post hospitalization. The incidence ofVTE ranges from 36% to 60% after hip fracture surgery and4557% after total hip replacement surgery.
The primary function of the mammary gland is to provide sustenance required for optimal growth of offspring who represent the next generation of that mammal. In the mouse, nearly 80% of calories needed for growth and brain development of the neonate is derived from lipids present in the milk primarily as triglycerides . The mammary gland is a heterogeneous tissue that consists of multiple cell types.
In ischemic stroke therapy, thrombolysis of the occluded cerebral artery is the most beneficial approach to effective reperfusion which aims to salvage the ischemic penumbra . Rapid reperfusion, although desired, contributes to secondary injury via a cascade of events including hemodynamic disturbances, inflammatory processes, free radical formation and breakdown of the blood brain barrier  . When severely impaired, there is an increased risk of deleterious vasogenic edema, brain herniation and death .
Immunotherapies have gained momentum in cancer therapeutics following the recent approvals of drugs for the treatment of prostate cancer and melanoma. Sipuleucel T dendritic cell  vaccine is now available for treatment of patients with asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic, metastatic, castration resistant prostate cancer . Clinical observations have indicated that melanoma is an immunogenic tumor , and extended survival data have led to the approval of immune checkpoint inhibitor ipilimumab for the treatment of metastatic melanoma .
Since the U.S. Congress passed the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act  in 1994, herbal products have been the fastest growing segment of the vitamin, mineral supplements, and herbal products industry in the United States. In 2004, the American Herbal Products Association estimated that there were about 3,000 species of plants in as many as 50,000 different products sold as herbal supplements in the United States . Although it has been reported that a number of herbal dietary supplements cause adverse health effects , to date, safety issues concerning potential side effects and toxic contamination of herbal products have not been adequately addressed.
Current treatment guidelines recommend careful monitoring of plasma HIV RNA levels during antiretroviral treatment, with a goal of identifying virologic failure as early as possible and modifying therapy once failure is confirmed. The rationale for this recommendation is twofold. In addition, there are reasons to think that the consequences of a delay until modification may differ if the failing regimen contains a protease inhibitor drug as compared to a regimen that contains a non nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor.
Two recent technological advances in clinical oesophageal manometry were the introduction of practical high resolution manometry  systems and the development of computerized algorithms to display and quantify oesophageal function using pressure topography plots. This contrasts with the conventional approach of localizing measures at arbitrary distances relative to the upper sphincter or oesophagogastric junction  that can unpredictably localize within one or another contractile segment. , Pressure topography plots are also particularly useful in localizing and characterizing the transition zone  that exists between the proximal and distal contractile segments.
Knowledge of the in vivo hemodynamics in cerebral arteries is important to better understand the underlying mechanisms of initiation and progression of cerebrovascular diseases. In particular, hemorrhagic strokes are most commonly caused by the rupture of a cerebral aneurysm . The processes responsible for the initiation, growth and rupture of cerebral aneurysms are multi factorial and involve the arterial hemodynamics, the vessel wall biomechanics and mechano biology, and the peri aneurysmal environment.
Although glucose is the major energy substrate in the matured brain, substantial use of alternate fuels  may occur under certain conditions, such as fasting or starvation. Acetate, the smallest member of this group, has long been known to be oxidized by brain cells in vivo and in vitro  and preferentially by astrocytes . Studies of cultured cells have shown that acetate is preferentially transported and metabolized by astrocytes, whereas transport  in neurons is minimal .
Both enzymatic and non enzymatic proteins can bind small molecules, but enzymes catalyze reactions and have a fundamentally different role from non enzymes, which may have an impact on their recognition of ligands. Binding MOAD is the largest curated database of high resolution protein ligand complexes from the Protein Data Bank . We use 2214 structures: 1790 enzymes and 424 non enzymes .
The β lactam antibiotic ceftriaxone  displays efficacy in animal models of CNS diseases  through a mechanism involving activation of glutamate transporter subtype 1  . Preclinical studies indicate that CTX is also efficacious against adverse effects of drugs of abuse; for example, CTX reduces the reinforcing and drug seeking properties of cocaine, inhibits the rewarding and locomotor activating effects of amphetamine, reduces the analgesic tolerance and physical dependence produced by morphine, and attenuates the analgesic tolerance that develops during repeated nicotine exposure . A well documented neuropharmacological effect of psychostimulants is behavioral sensitization, which is present in cases in which repeated drug exposure produces enhanced locomotor activity compared to that produced by initial exposure .
Multiple myeloma  is a fatal B cell dysplasia characterized by plasma cell infiltration in the bone marrow and a monoclonal immunoglobulin  in serum, urine or both. MM is almost always preceded by the premalignant state, monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance ,, which is characterized by the presence of an M protein without evidence of MM or related disorder. The risk is higher in those with high risk biomarkers.
There has been dramatic stage, grade, and risk migration of newly diagnosed prostate cancer in the prostate specific antigen  era. Most cases are now diagnosed as clinical stage T1c disease with low serum PSA levels. Because of the long natural history of newly diagnosed low risk prostate cancer, active surveillance  with selective intervention is considered an option for the management of select patients with low risk prostate cancer.
Preeclampsia is a systemic syndrome unique to pregnancy, characterized clinically by new onset hypertension and proteinuria after 20 weeks gestation. If placental ischemia is a critical pathogenic factor in preeclampsia, one would expect this disorder to be associated with reduced fetal growth. Consistent with this, the risk of fetal growth restriction and small size for gestational age among infants born to women with preeclampsia is reported to be 25 times the risk among infants born to women without preeclampsia.
It has been projected that by 2018, 2.3 billion people worldwide will haveone or more of the constellation of voiding and storage problems referred to aslower urinary tract symptoms . Research consistently shows that patients with LUTS are morelikely to have diminished quality of life, depression symptoms, and various chronichealth conditions. With numerous pharmaceutical therapies available totreat LUTS, such as anticholinergic medications and 5 alpha reductase inhibitors,direct to consumer advertising is common.
Seminal fluid proteins of male insects have a multitude of functions and many alter the female reproductive physiology to the male’s benefit . However, in Drosophila, seminal fluids also accelerated female mortality directly . Genes coding for seminal proteins evolve with an unusually rapid rate , like many other reproductive traits.
Despite the availability of vaccines and antimicrobial therapy, the burden of disease caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae, or the pneumococcus, remains significant worldwide. Among children <5 years, there are 14 million cases of serious pneumococcal disease annually with almost 1 million deaths, concentrated largely in developing nations . According to the Active Bacterial Core surveillance, 40,000 cases of invasive pneumococcal disease  occurred the United States in 2010 .
Coronary MR angiography  is emerging as an noninvasive technique for diagnosis of coronary artery diseases. The complete coronary artery tree is covered in a single measurement and individual branches can be visualized by reformatting the three dimensional data set retrospectively. However, whole heart scans require multifold increases in imaging time compared to volume targeted scans.
Abnormal protein aggregates are detected in brains under several neurodegenerative disease conditions including cerebral ischemia . Protein ubiquitination and degradation of ubiquitin conjugated proteins  by proteasome activity are ATP dependent . A sustained decrease in 26S proteasome activity in CA1 neurons is detected during 30 min48 h reperfusion .
The phase, rather than the standard magnitude, of the signal in T2*  or susceptibility weighted MRI has been increasingly exploited to improve image contrast, particularly at high magnetic field strengths . These features mean that phase images could be useful for quantitative measurements of tissue properties . The phase is affected by many factors including the echo time used in the gradient echo imaging sequence, the main magnetic field strength, the tissue orientation relative to the main magnetic field and the geometry of the structures involved.
The UDP Glucuronosyltransferases  are membrane bound proteins localized to the endoplasmic reticulum. The CYPs perform oxidation or reduction reactions to either activate or detoxify the parent compound. There is accumulating evidence suggesting that proteinprotein interactions occur between these enzymes and that these interactions play a significant role in modulating enzyme activity .
The current diagnostic criteria of celiac disease require the demonstration of small bowel mucosal villous atrophy and crypt hyperplasia. Furthermore, several recent studies have demonstrated that celiac patients may have gluten dependent symptoms and serum autoantibodies against tissue transglutaminase  and endomysium  already before the mucosal atrophy develops. The early positivity of tTGab and EmA is particularly important as they are strongly associated with celiac type genetics and usually considered as the most specific diagnostic tools in screening of celiac disease.
Subjective well being  is often conceptualized as having cognitive judgmental components, characterized by life satisfaction, and emotional components, characterized by the presence of positive affect and the absence of negative affect . There is strong evidence to suggest that these cognitive and emotional components are related both to a host of individual difference variables and to each other . This project is specifically concerned with the properties and determinants of the cognitive judgmental aspects of SWB, as measured by the Satisfaction With Life Scale , and whether these properties and determinants differ with age .
Leishmania major  is the causative agent of zoonotic cutaneous leishmaniasis, the most widely distributed form of cutaneous leishmaniasis in the Old World . The inoculation of live parasites to produce a lesion that heals  has been the only vaccination strategy implemented at a large scale because it provides lifelong protection against the development of lesions. This approach was discontinued because of the unacceptable frequency  of lesions that were slow to heal or nonhealing  .
The Personal Calorie Monitor  is a portable direct calorimeter that estimates energy expenditure  from measured heat flux  . 34 Adults  were studied for 5 h in a whole room indirect calorimeter  in thermoneutral and cool conditions. Participants wore the PCM on their upper arm and completed two, 20 minute treadmill walking bouts .
Understanding the structure and function of supra macromolecular assemblies—from heterochromatin to the nuclear pore complex—is a crucial frontier in biology. Cytokinesis is the process by which the cell physically cleaves in two. In fungal and animal cells, an actomyosin contractile ring mediates cytokinesis by constricting the plasma membrane at the plane of division .
All cellular organisms use a multi component molecular machine termed the replisome to couple rapid nucleic acid synthesis with DNA unwinding during replication . Cells rely on dedicated initiation factors to assist with replisome assembly and coordinate the establishment of competent replication forks with cell cycle timing signals . Initiation proteins act at select regions of chromosomal DNA, termed replication origins, where they direct the recruitment and deposition of replicative helicases onto DNA strands.
In 2006, in the United States, there were 148,610 new cases of colorectal cancer, and mortality from colorectal cancer ranked second only to lung cancer . Age is the strongest risk factor for colorectal cancer. Family history is also a strong predictor of colorectal cancer risk, and large population based studies from multiple countries have repeatedly documented increased risk of colorectal cancer in the relatives of those with colorectal cancer .
Closed loop insulin delivery is an emerging therapeutic approach to improve glucose control whilst reducing the risk of hypoglycaemia in type 1 diabetes . Clinical studies in adolescents with T1D demonstrated that closed loop with algorithm directed basal insulin delivery combined with standard insulin boluses at meal times reduces mean glucose and increases the time spent normoglycaemic. During adolescence, HbA1c is often higher than recommended and reduced adherence to treatment guidelines is known to occur at a time when the need for independence might lead to the lack of engagement in diabetes care.
Naltrexone , an opioid antagonist, is used for alcohol dependence and opioid addiction. , NTX hydrochloride is presently available as 50 mg oral tablets  in the United States. An oral dose of NTX undergoes extensive first pass metabolism , and results in a lower percentage of active drug available for therapeutic effect.
Approximately 52% of persons living with HIV/AIDS in the United States are aged 40 54 years; for women, this coincides with the menopausal transition. Previous cross sectional studies indicate that compared to HIV uninfected women, HIV infected women report more menopausal symptoms including vasomotor, sleep disturbances, and psychological symptoms  and may have an earlier age at menopause, , , . Determining how reproductive aging might impact cognitive function in HIV is important because: 1) women comprise the majority of HIV infected individuals globally; 2) with HIV therapies, HIV infected individuals now survive to middle and older age; 3) menopausal stage and symptoms impact cognition in healthy women; 4) cognitive impairment is associated with specific functional deficits  in HIV infected individuals; and 5) menopause related cognitive issues might require new therapeutic approaches to HIV care .
Tuberculosis  is a leading cause of death worldwide, costing the global economy 100300 billion dollars, and orphaning 10 million children annually . Despite this critical role in TB pathogenesis, cavity formation is poorly understood . DTH contributes to effective bacterial control and tissue destruction .
It is not uncommon that a polypeptide is named for the effect by which it was discovered, but later found to have a multitude of actions . Cdk5 is predominantly expressed in the brain. It participates in cognitive functions, learning, and synaptic plasticity .
Dispersal is commonly observed across the animal kingdom. When males leave their natal group they often migrate with coresident males  or join groups containing males that previously dispersed from the same natal group . Natal migrants that share a period of long and intimate association while growing up in the same natal group should therefore be more familiar with one another than individuals that grow up in different groups.
While exciting advancements continue to be made in thought controlled neuroprosthetics , efforts to translate this technology to the clinic remain unfulfilled . The disparity lies in the different stability and reliability requirements between the laboratory and the clinic. Excellent data can be obtained from live animal recordings for weeks and even months, but an implanted neuroelectrode array must record stable neural signals for years in paralyzed patients to warrant the cost and risk of the invasive surgery.
Enhanced S Cone Syndrome  is an autosomal recessive retinopathy caused by mutations in the orphan receptor NR2E3 . While most hereditary human retinal diseases affect the topography of mature photoreceptor cells through apoptotic loss of cells, ESCS manifests as a gain of function in S  cone cells; the least populous of the photoreceptor cells . Mutations within NR2E3 are also associated with a related retinal disease, Goldman Favre syndrome, clumped pigmentary retinopathy, and more recently in autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa as well as a milder form of ESCS  .
In mammals, the primary effector systems of the stress response are glucocorticoid and catecholamine hormones, and secretion of these molecules from the adrenal glands into the blood in response to stressful stimuli results in rapid and delayed alterations in cardiovascular, immune and metabolic functions. These changes, in turn, promote survival by directing energy flow to systems directly responsible for dealing with the threat at hand while suppressing other systems competing for energy resources  . The endocannabinoid system, which exists in both the brain and the periphery, is both a regulator and effector of the stress response .
Bisphenol A , released from plastics and dental sealants, is a suspected endocrine disruptor and reproductive toxicant. In occupationally exposed workers, BPA has been associated with erectile dysfunction  . Young rats were injected intraperitoneal  injection daily with BPA at 25 mg/kg/day or vehicle .
Carcinoma of the ovary is the fifth most common cause of cancer related death in women in the United States. It is also the most common gynecologic malignancy. It is estimated that 22,240 new cases of ovarian cancer will be diagnosed and 14,030 women will die from the disease in the United States in 2013 .
Tropoelastin is the soluble precursor of elastin. The tropoelastin monomer self assembles into coacervates on cell surfaces and cross links to form elastin networks through the action of lysyl oxidase . Elastin networks can form elastic fibers which serve as extracellular matrix assemblies to provide elasticity and resilience in most human tissues, such as dermis and blood vessels .
The hereditary spastic paraplegias  are a diverse group of genetically determined neurodegenerative conditions that all share the principal clinical feature of progressive spastic paralysis of the lower limbs. They are conventionally classified as pure or, when spastic paraplegia is accompanied by other prominent clinical manifestations, complex . Pure HSP is generally regarded as the most common type in Northern Europe and North America .
Two nitrogen containing bisphosphonates, pamidronate  and zoledronic acid  used to treat bone associated cancer metastasis cause osteonecrosis of the jaws. BJON tends to occur in craniofacial bones  indicating that it favors craniofacial bones over other skeletal sites. Bisphosphonates are pyrophosphates analogues with carbon replacing oxygen in the pyrophosphate bond.
Extranodal marginal zone lymphomas of mucosa associated lymphoid tissue type  are typically indolent B cell neoplasms that develop out of acquired reactive infiltrates associated with localized long standing autoimmune diseases or chronic infections ,. Antigen stimulation of MALT lymphoma growth is strongly supported by studies of gastric MALT lymphomas which develop out of infiltrates associated with chronic H. pylori associated infections and can often be cured with H. pylori eradicating antibiotics . However, studies of U.S. based cases have not found evidence for C psittaci in ocular adnexal MALT lymphomas using sensitive PCR techniques , .
Adolescence brings about a substantial increase in the incidence of depressive symptoms with serious long term sequelae . During adolescence, peer relationships are rapidly becoming primary contexts of social interaction and development . Further, a developmental psychopathology perspective suggests that areas of greatest vulnerability in interpersonal relationships occur when they potentially interfere with critical developmental tasks at given points in the lifespan .
Circulating Tumor Microemboli  are potentially important cancer biomarkers, but using them for cancer detection in early stage disease has been assay limited. We examined CTM test performance using a sensitive detection platform to identify stage I Non Small Cell Lung Cancer  patients undergoing imaging evaluation . First, we prospectively enrolled patients during  FDG PET CT imaging evaluation for lung cancer that underwent routine phlebotomy where CTM and circulating tumor cells  were identified in blood using nuclear , cytokeratin , and CD45 immune fluorescent antibodies followed by morphologic identification.
Nitric oxide  is a gaseous regulator of numerous physiological and pathophysiological processes in the central nervous system, including immunological defense mechanisms, hemodynamics, and synaptic transmission . Inducible NOS , endothelial NOS , and neuronal NOS  are present in microglia, endothelial cells, and neurons, respectively . Once activated, nNOS synthesizes NO through two successive monooxygenase reactions which require oxygen, NADPH, and the substrate L arginine for the generation of equimolar concentrations of citrulline and NO  .
Hypertension, which affects over 73 million Americans, is a major risk factor for cardiovascular, cerebrovascular and renal disease . It is more frequent among African Americans  , and accounts for a significant portion of racial differences in mortality, through excess cardiovascular morbidity . Many patients with hypertension have poorly controlled blood pressure , and AAs are disproportionately represented among this group , even after controlling for comorbidities such as diabetes and renal disease  .
Zinc is an essential trace mineral and is ubiquitously distributed in hundreds of proteins in mammalian cells. The activities of zinc uptake, efflux and cellular compartmentalization rely on the functions of zinc transporters. Two zinc transporter gene families have been identified in mammals: the solute linked carrier 30A  family and the SLC39A  family of metal ion transporters.
The life cycle of human papillomaviruses  has evolved to be intimately connected to the differentiation program of host epithelial tissues . The raft culture system has been used to study in detail the steps in the HPV life cycle . Chimeric viruses are commonly used to compare genes from one virus with the homologous genes from a related virus to determine the similarities and differences of those genes.
Hypokinetic dysarthria associated with Parkinson's Disease  often results in increased speech rate or acceleration during utterances , and speech rate reduction is therefore a common therapeutic technique to improve intelligibility. One of these techniques, delayed auditory feedback , does not require any direct control by the speaker and is thought to be most successful in maintaining the naturalness of speech . However, despite the apparent advantages of DAF for intelligibility improvements, a number of questions remain open.
Mammalian skin provides the first line of defense against mechanical, chemical, and biological assaults and functions as a barrier to inhibit water loss. The granular layer above has profilaggrin containing keratohyalin granules that facilitate the assembly of keratin bundles. Granulocytes form a cornified envelope beneath the cell membrane via the cross linking of involucrin , loricrin, and other proteins .
Composed of multiple enzymes, peptide hormones and receptors, the renin angiotensin system  is a major regulatory element in the control of cardiovascular and renal function . Angiotensin II , the pivotal peptide hormone of the RAS, directly binds to and activates two G protein coupled receptors, the type 1  and type 2  Ang receptors that generally oppose each other. Because AT1R expression in cardiovascular and renal tissues is ubiquitously present and quantitatively greater than that of AT2Rs, AT1R actions generally predominate in vivo.
identified a germline missense alteration  in the palladin gene  in a familial pancreatic cancer kindred and suggested that this variant may be a cause of the familial clustering of pancreatic cancer. Members of the kindred, known as family X, develop an early onset pancreatic cancer, with pancreatic insufficiency and diabetes mellitus in an autosomal dominant fashion  and have significant linkage to chromosome 4q32 34, a region that includes the PALLD gene . implicated an oncogenic function for palladin after finding overexpression of PALLD mRNA in pancreatic cancer tissues .
The discovery of single genes associated with neurodevelopmental disorders has increased dramatically over the past decade, with the number of associations with malformations of cortical development  alone increasing from 27 in 2005  to more than 100 in the most recent MCD classification . The identification of numerous genes associated with developmental delay, intellectual disability, autism, and epilepsy brings the number still higher. For the clinician, this rapid expansion of knowledge poses a challenge in arriving at diagnoses in a timely and cost effective manner.
It is well established that hypothyroidism is associated with mental status changes, including secondary or reversible dementia , though the relationship between thyroid disease and risk for Alzheimer’s disease  is unclear . Individuals with reduced TSH levels outside of the normal range showed a greater than threefold increased risk of dementia at a two year follow up compared to euthyroid individuals . Similarly, individuals with lower TSH values within the reference range have an increased risk for AD after controlling for the effects of potentially confounding medical comorbidities, such as diabetes mellitus and blood pressure .
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma  is the fourth highest contributor to cancer related death in the western world, with a lifetime risk of 1.47% and a 5 year survival rate of 6% . Recent findings suggest that the benefits to the tumor of a CIN phenotype may be offset by negative consequences, which include altered protein stoichiometry and the risk of lethal chromosome imbalance . Counterintuitively, loss of expression or mutational inactivation of SAC genes in tumors is rare.
Fertilization triggers a cascade of effects on the oocyte, including maturation, cytoskeletal rearrangements and completion of meiosis . A dramatic change occurs a short time later during the transition from meiosis to mitosis. Meiotic and mitotic spindles form sequentially in the same cytoplasm, but differ considerably in size, morphology, cellular location and the presence of centrosomes only in the mitotic spindle .
The function of adult born neurons has been intensively studied since their rediscovery in the early 1990's ). New neurons generated in sub ventricular zone  of the lateral ventricle migrate through the rostral migratory stream to become granule cells and interneurons of the olfactory bulb, while those born in the sub granular zone  of the dentate gyrus move into the neighboring granule cell layer to become granule cells of the hippocampus . This temporary period of enhanced plasticity may facilitate differentiation of new experiences from old by activating distinct sets of neurons within the dentate at each time ).
The crowded intracellular environment presents obstacles to proper folding of proteins. Accordingly, cells contain a molecular chaperone network that facilitates protein folding and promotes degradation of misfolded proteins. In the polyQ diseases, moreover, it is unknown which protein species are neurotoxic: monomers, oligomers, or higher order aggregates .
Lymphocytes are highly sensitive to the lethal effects of ionizing radiation , via processes commonly referred to as interphase death, with apoptosis playing a major role . However, mechanistic details of lymphocyte subset sensitivity remain incompletely understood. In general, it has been shown that mammalian cells are more sensitive to IR while undergoing mitosis, although activated, dividing T cells are slightly more resistant than their resting counterparts .
Pattern information analysis has become an important method for investigating distributed representations with fMRI . A popular method of testing for mutual information between experimental stimuli and regional fMRI response patterns is “decoding”: the classification of response patterns so as to determine the stimulus category. Above chance level decoding accuracy with any classifier indicates that the response patterns contain information about the stimulus category.
The TP53 gene encodes the p53 protein, which is involved in a series of pathways, such as apoptosis, transcription, DNA repair, maintenance of genomic stability, and cell cycle control . Human papillomavirus  specifically targets p53, along with phosphorylated Rb and other proteins, in order to maintain a cellular environment that promotes viral replication . By disrupting normal cell cycle control, HPV may establish persistent infection, a key step in cervical carcinogenesis  .
While stress is a known risk factor for various neuropsychiatric disorders, ranging from mood and anxiety disorders to schizophrenia and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , individuals differ greatly in their susceptibility to stress. Moreover, the manner in which stress manifests phenotypically varies considerably across individuals; even similar stressors can increase risk for different neuropsychiatric states in different people . This variation in the impact of stress is likely to be, in some measure, under the modulating influence of genetic factors  .
Osteoblasts depend on a constant supply of prosurvival signals from their microenvironment. When trophic factors become limited by injury or disease, cells undergo apoptosis. This study establishes the regulation and function of Bim, Bak, and Bax in this response .
The vertebrate immune system is essential to defend against a multitude of pathogens including viruses, bacteria, fungi, and parasites. Given the importance of the immune system in health and disease, studies to enhance understanding of the ontogeny of critical immune cell populations are important for providing clues on the induction of tolerance for cell and organ transplantation, and to facilitate the development of novel treatment strategies when immune modulation is needed . Nonhuman primates share many developmental similarities with humans and are an important preclinical model to test novel therapies for the treatment of human diseases .
Autophagy  is a cellular catabolic pathway leading to lysosomal degradation and recycling of proteins and organelles in eukaryotes . We recently demonstrated that dynein, a multi subunit cytoplasmic motor protein, mediates APs trafficking which contributes to the formation of autophagolysosomes  under proatherogenic stimulation in coronary arterial myocytes . However, it remains unknown how dynein's function as a motor protein for AP trafficking is regulated in these vascular cells and whether such role dynein is involved in autophagy maturation under other pathological conditions such as hyperglycemia .
Advances in super resolution fluorescence imaging by controllable photoactivation of single molecule emitters  require new and optimized activatable fluorophores. If one single emitter is switched on at a time in a diffraction limited region , its location can be determined well below the diffraction limit by fitting the point spread function . Several groups have been developing photoswitchable fluorescent proteins, organic fluorophores, and quantum dots in order to build the toolbox of controllable emitters.
Neuroinflammatory processes have been implicated in the pathogenesis of PD , a progressive neurodegenerative movement disorder resulting from the loss of dopaminergic  neurons in the substantia nigra pars compacta  . Microglia are resident brain macrophages that respond to environmental stresses and immunological challenges . Chronically activated microglia overproduce soluble inflammatory mediators such as tumor necrosis factor  , nitric oxide  and interleukin 1  and enhance inflammation induced oxidative stress in the ventral midbrain .
Leishmaniasis is a group of insect vector transmitted parasitic diseases that present a dynamic range of clinical pathologies, where the species of pathogen initiating the infection generally dictates disease outcome. Cutaneous leishmaniasis manifests in hosts following infection with Leishmania major species, and is characterized by ulcerative lesions that are localized to the vector bite site. In the majority of cases, lesions heal within several months and provide life long immunity pending re infection by the parasite .
Epidemiologic studies have demonstrated a protective effect of dietary n 3 fatty acids on adverse cardiovascular events, particularly sudden cardiac death . The mechanisms underlying this protective effect are not well understood, and may include anti inflammatory factors . Systemic inflammation is a key component in the development and progression of atherosclerosis, and the circulating inflammatory biomarkers C reactive protein  and interleukin 6  are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease .
Health care professionals are increasingly confronted by the technology explosion, changing economic forces, problems in health care delivery, bioterrorism, and globalization. Lonergan theorized that culture is a set of skills, feelings, values and beliefs that are shared by a people in such a way that they can collaborate in the construction of what is good for the individual, for society and, in the end, for all human beings. Central to this ‘mestizo’ culture is that the well being of the family is valued over that of individual members.
Embryonic stem  cells have generated much interest due to their pluripotent nature that allows them to generate replacement cells for damaged or diseased tissue. , Many different attempts have been made to produce such models with varying results. This work was further extended to study intracellular signaling events and identify molecules that were influencing these processes.
Epigenetics provides a promising approach for understanding complex diseases like asthma. The epigenetic disruption of gene expression is now known to play an equally important role as genetic predispositions  in the development of disease . This phenomenon is linked to gene activation, gene silencing, and chromosomal instability without altering DNA sequences.
Heart failure, a major cause of cardiac death, is a complex clinical syndrome that can result from any cardiac disorder. Among older patients, heart failure represents the greatest health care burden in developed countries, affecting 5 million patients in the United States with the incidence steadily increasing in both men and women, with a slightly greater proportionality in men., The emergency department  is often the point of first contact for these patients and has seen a 20% increase in visits over the last decade. It is a common discharge diagnosis, particularly in elderly women, and leads to a significant economic burden, with over 34.4 billion dollars spent in 2010., With underrepresentation of females in clinical studies, evidence relating to pathophysiology, etiology, clinical presentation, treatment, and outcome is predominantly based on data from male patients.
Epithelioid sarcomas  are rare but aggressive soft tissue neoplasms occurring in young individuals, being characterized by expression of epithelial markers along with loss of SMARCB1  nuclear expression . ES are sub classified into distal  type , typically occurring in the skin or superficial soft tissues of the distal extremities; and proximal type , often more aggressive, located in the deep soft tissue of the perineum, and harboring distinctive rhabdoid cytology . Accordingly, SMARCB1 deletions were later identified in proximal type ES  and loss of SMARCB1 nuclear expression was subsequently detected by immunohistochemistry  in up to 93% of ES, both proximal and distal types .
Physician relationships with the pharmaceutical and device industry have received widespread attention in recent years. We now know that nearly all physicians maintain some relationship with industry , beginning with near universal exposure to pharmaceutical industry marketing during medical school . The majority of practicing clinicians accept drug samples and gifts, most commonly food in the workplace, and smaller numbers of physicians accept larger payments such as reimbursement of costs of educational meetings and conferences and speaking and consulting fees.
Atrial fibrillation  is a common arrhythmia with major public health implications due to its high prevalence, significant morbidity and considerable associated healthcare costs. Currently, there are nearly 3 million individuals in the United States and over 8.8 million individuals in Europe affected by AF. With an aging population, the prevalence of AF is expected to dramatically increase.
Nicotine exposure from tobacco use is widespread in the United States, with an estimated 27.7% of Americans 12 or older using some form of tobacco . Observations such as these have inspired the concept of the gateway hypothesis, which proposes that a causal relationship exists between early exposure to drugs  and the use of hard drugs later in life  . Although epidemiological studies show a clear relationship between tobacco use during adolescence and later drug use, the causal relationship between the two is still unclear.
In the past 10 years, a growing research effort sustained by several National Institute of Health  institutes, including the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism , has addressed racial/ethnic health disparities in the U.S. . Alcohol studies have helped to identify particular health disparities among Latinos. Relative to Whites, Latinos appear to be at greater risk for alcohol problems , arrests for driving under the influence , liver cirrhosis, and alcohol related mortality .
Aggression is one of the most common consequences of traumatic brain injury . Prevalence estimates of post TBI aggression range from 11% to 34%, likely due to differing samples and definitions. Understanding the phenomenology and expressions of aggression in post TBI aggression may help investigators with treatment and prevention.
Smoking is a major public health concern , particularly in young adults between the ages of 18 and 25. Most initiation of cigarette smoking occurs by the age of 21 , and smoking cessation efforts in adolescent or young adult populations have been generally less successful than programs for adults . Thus, improved prevention and cessation efforts that target young adults are crucial to address this important public health issue.
Attracting and retaining specialists in academia is an important issue in the medical, dental, veterinary, and other health professions. In veterinary medicine, the majority of new diplomates now pursue non academic career pathways. This creates a challenge for veterinary teaching hospitals, which need sufficient faculty to provide advanced patient care, student teaching, specialty and graduate training, and research.
Antiretroviral treatment  can significantly reduce morbidity and mortality in HIV infected people. However, despite these findings it is still true that only sustained high levels of adherence will ensure that both the life prolonging benefits of ART are maximized and the risk of developing a resistant viral strain is minimized. Moreover, poor adherence has been shown to increase health care costs considerably in both developing and developed countries., Additionally, adherence is essential for the reduction of HIV transmission through ART in “test and treat” approaches.
DNA mismatch repair deficient colorectal cancers  have distinct features that distinguish them from other CRC types . These include increased frameshift mutation rates ), multi focality, increased likelihood of right sided colon cancer location, non polyposis pathology, mucinous histology and the presence of a Crohn's like lymphocytic infiltrate in tumors  . MMR deficient CRCs arise through three distinct genetic mechanisms.
Many studies have found a positive association between density of alcohol establishments and various types of crime, including violent crime , vandalism, and nuisance crime . This type of recommendation can be useful to community leaders as they develop their communities and attempt to reduce costs . We focused on neighborhood attributes that can be modified and that may directly influence the behavior of alcohol establishments or that influence the environment in which alcohol sales and use occur .
In the polycystic liver diseases, genetic defects initiate the formation of hepatic cysts, which arise from cholangiocytes. Specifically, ARPKD is characterized by biliary dysgenesis  that becomes progressively more severe with age. , , Genetic studies indicate that mutations in PKHD1 gene are responsible for ARPKD pathogenesis.
Disruptive behavior disorders  are among the most common reasons children are referred for mental health services . Following the pattern displayed by research on a range of clinical issues , controlled clinical trials of treatment programs for disruptive behavior disorders have typically included low numbers of ethnic minorities, resulting in multiple calls for increased representation . At present, the reasons for these attrition levels are unclear; however, high rates of client dropout and other aspects of engagement, such as attendance and adherence, represent a significant concern when assessing treatment effects.
Nausea remains one of the most troublesome and frequent side effects associated with cancer treatment. Our research group has conducted two large multicenter intervention studies designed to reduce nausea by reducing nausea expectancies. While the expectancy manipulation significantly reduced the expectation for nausea in the intervention group compared to the control group, no changes were observed between the intervention and control groups in average nausea following treatment .
The Wnt signaling pathway is activated by Wnt ligands at multiple stages of metazoan development and controls the differentiation and/or proliferation of stem cells in multiple tissues. The ‘canonical’ Wnt/βcatenin pathway is activated following Wnt ligand binding to a complex comprising Frizzled  and LRP5/6 receptors and ultimately activates βcatenin/TCF dependent transcription . Key steps in the pathway include the formation of a ligand activated receptor complex, the inhibition of the intracellular βcatenin turnover and the formation of a nuclear βcatenin/TCF transcription complex.
Bisphosphonates are antiresorptive drugs used to treat post menopausal osteoporosis and Paget's disease, and as an adjuvant treatment for bone metastases. Administration of bisphosphonates does not selectively affect synthesis of defective type I collagen. However, inhibition of bone resorption by osteoclasts increases bone mass, albeit of OI quality, and was postulated to improve clinical symptoms.
Astrocytomas are the most common tumors of the central nervous system in children and are subdivided according to histologic subtypes, grades I IV . Radical surgical resection is the standard therapy; however, whereas most cerebellar pilocytic astrocytomas  do not frequently involve the diencephalon, those that do are not resectable due to the tumor's involvement in the diencepahlon and surrounding eloquent structures. Moreover, the metastatic potential and transformation to a high grade astrocytoma further contributes to the poor prognosis .
Experience with pain or injury can result in short term and long term alterations in an organism's responses to noxious stimuli. Formal testing of pain sensitivity has demonstrated that children who were repeatedly subjected to painful procedures as infants have altered pain sensitivity when tested later in life,,,, manifesting either hypo  or hyperalgesia, depending on the age at time of injury and magnitude of the injury . These are particularly apparent following surgery or with re inflammation as an adult,,,,,,,.
Spinal cord injury  results in devastating functional disabilities in patients. Multiple directions of diffusion weighting gradients are needed to accurately reflect white matter structure in the human brain. Thus, it would be possible in the spine to choose a simpler sampling scheme, to minimize the scan time, while still obtaining adequate information to indentify white matter structure  .
Nonenzymatic glycation  in vivo is initiated by the reaction of reducing sugars such as glucose and the ε amino groups of the lysine side chain followed by Schiff base formation. This adduct rearranges into a derivate also known as the Amadori product, which further degrades into more stable advanced glycation end products . Increasing evidence suggests a role for AGE induced oxidative stress in the pathogenesis of normal aging and many age related chronic diseases, including diabetes, end stage renal disease, and cardiovascular disease  .
Oxidatively generated damage to cellular DNA is genotoxic and has been correlated with the development of many human cancers. There is growing evidence that complex DNA lesions, so called tandem and clustered DNA lesions are potentially more harmful than single oxidized nucleobases. However, structural information on DPCs is scarce, although several examples are in existence.
The epidermis, together with hair follicles, sebaceous glands, and dermal connective tissue, forms the largest organ in the body. Skin performs many important functions, including thermoregulation, sensory perception, immunity, and protection from physical trauma. Notably, filaggrin binds intermediate filaments in the upper granular layer, thereby condensing the keratinocyte cytoskeleton into a strong, flattened matrix .
Aside from its essential role in embryonic development , Jak2 plays an important role in pathophysiology. Jak2 has been linked to several hematological malignancies including acute lymphoid leukemia and chronic myeloid leukemia . Recently, a Jak2 V617F somatic mutation has been identified in approximately 98% of patients with polycythemia vera  and in a substantial proportion  of patients with essential thrombocythemia  and primary myelofibrosis  .
Bacteria, yeast, and plants contain bi chaperone systems involving heat shock proteins from the Hsp100 and Hsp70 families that resolubilize and reactivate aggregated proteins. ,, Hsp100 chaperones  belong to the AAA+ superfamily of ATPases associated with various cellular activities. ClpB contains two AAA+ ATP binding sequence modules  with an inserted coiled coil domain and a distinct N terminal domain connected to D1 with a flexible linker .
Colorectal cancer was included in a ‘global index’ to summarize health benefits and risks in the WHI randomized controlled trials of daily 0.625 conjugated equine estrogens  versus placebo among 10,739 women who were post hysterectomy, and this same estrogen preparation plus daily 2.5 mg of medroxyprogesterone acetate  among 16,608 postmenopausal women with a uterus . The CEE/MPA trial was stopped early in 2002 when it was judged that overall health risks exceeded benefits . The CEE trial had health benefits and risks that were approximately balanced , but was also stopped early, in 2004, in part because of an elevation in stroke.
The E2F family of transcription factors regulates the expression of genes involved in cell cycle progression, apoptosis, DNA repair, and differentiation. E2F family members have been divided into several subclasses based on their transcriptional regulatory properties on model gene promoters. E2F1, E2F2, and E2F3a are referred to as “activator” E2Fs because they can potently induce transcription of target genes like cyclin E when overexpressed.
Four classes of human histone deacetylases  are based on structure, sequence homology, and domain organization. These enzymes are characterized by a large NH2 terminal domain or a second catalytic site and their expression pattern in certain tissues are more restricted, suggesting roles in cellular differentiation and development . Class III enzymes, include the SIRTs , and are NAD dependent deacetylases , and HDAC 11 has been placed in the new Class IV  .
To investigate the trends in the performance of radical cystectomy  versus partial cystectomy  in the United States over the past 10 years and compare postoperative outcomes between two procedures . The data was captured from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample  20012010 using the appropriate ICD 9 CM diagnosis and procedure codes. Patient sociodemographics, comorbidities and in hospital complications after PC and RC were compared, taking into account some hospital characteristics.
Human brain could be characterized as a complex anatomical and functional network development over the whole life . The functional network in human brain has been explored extensively using electroencephalogram , magnetoencephalo graphic recordings , and functional magnetic resonance imaging  . The small world property , which indicates that most nodes in the network are not neighbors of one another, but can be reached from every other by a small number of hops or steps, has been found in the functional network of the adult brain .
Drug adherence, including prescription and over the counter medications , is a key element in patient treatment. Patients who over report use of medications are likely at increased risk for premature abandonment of treatments, up titration leading to potentially dangerous dosing, and wasting of medication. Failure to report illicit drug use hinders physicians' ability to counsel patients about associated health risks, blinds physicians to the need for detoxification programs, and can lead to life threatening drug interactions, such as serotonin syndrome in patients taking cocaine in combination with serotonergic prescription drugs.
Non Hodgkin Lymphoma  is a diverse group of malignancies, which develops from lymphoid tissues. Based on a WHO classification system, more than 30 different subtypes have been identified . Besides being the most common NHL, DLBCL also accounts for 80% of aggressive lymphomas.
Risk factors for recurrence of shoulder instability after standard arthroscopic Bankart repair have become more defined recently.,, Patient characteristics such as age, physical activity, as well as patho anatomic lesions such as Hill Sachs lesions, glenoid bone loss and joint hyperlaxity are associated with a higher risk of recurrence after standard capsulolabral repair. This has led to an increased interest in bone block procedures such as the Bristow Latarjet procedure, for the treatment of high risk patients with important anterior glenoid bone loss., Reports of high complication rates however,,, have pushed recent research towards less complex or invasive alternatives to the classic Bristow Latarjet procedure. Arthroscopic glenoid augmentations using either a free iliac crest autograft or a tibial or glenoid osteochondral allograft have already been described as a successful treatment option for high risk patients.,,,,, However, biomechanical data on the effect of these procedures is sparse, particularly concerning cases without significant glenoid bone loss .
Vertebral fractures are the most common osteoporotic fractures and represent a significant health issue . Epidemiological measures derived from population based studies vary between 1 and 3% per year for incidence and ~10 and 30% for the prevalence in elderly persons, varying by age, gender and geographic region . Vertebral fractures are associated with a high morbidity , mortality  and a considerable financial burden.
The acute phase response  is the first line of defense against viral infection and is mediated by innate immune cells that recognize molecular signatures of viral replication. dsRNA is an intermediate generated by most viruses during their replication cycle . The PIC induced symptoms peak at 6 h after the injection and subside by 48 h .
Basic science research has linked deficiencies in insulin breakdown to Alzheimer disease  pathology. Insulin degrading enzyme , the major protease responsible for insulin degradation, degrades amyloid beta  peptide, a central component in AD pathology ; furthermore, insulin acts as a competitive inhibitor for this enzyme . Thus, defects in IDE may result in higher Aβ concentrations in the brain.
The AHR, a ligand activated member of the bHLH/PAS family of transcription factors, controls a variety of developmental and physiological events, including induction of drug metabolizing enzymes, xenobiotic detoxification, neurogenesis, tracheal andsalivary duct formation, circadian rhythms, response to hypoxia, and hormone receptor function . Following nuclear export, the AHR is degraded via the 26S proteasome pathway  . From a mechanistic viewpoint, at least two different signaling pathways contribute to the AHR role in cell cycle regulation.
Subclinical vascular disease , which may never cross the threshold of clinically recognized disease, contributes to health status and can increase the risk of disability and death. Although it is accepted that high SVD is associated with morbidity and mortality, whether low SVD is associated with longer survival has not been adequately described. The majority of research on determinants of longer survival has examined traditional risk factors and lifestyle factors, and has not included subclinical disease.
Several proteins have been demonstrated to promote angiogenesis in various vascular beds, but lipid molecules such as sphingosine 1 phosphate  may also contribute. S1P acts through a family of five G protein coupled receptors, S1P receptors 15 , first identified on vascular endothelial cells as the products of genes upregulated during differentiation of endothelial cells  . Acting through S1P receptors, S1P stimulates migration and survival of cultured vascular endothelial cells, and formation of cell cell adherence junctions .
Lung cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in the United States and causes the most mortality . Thus, we must investigate the cause of lung cancer and develop specific and effective chemopreventive and therapeutic approaches for the disease. Human bronchial epithelial  cells with damaged DNA are normally eliminated through apoptosis.
The human T cell leukemia virus type 1  is the etiological agent of adult T cell leukemia  and a virus associated neurodegenerative disease, HTLV 1 associated myelopathy /tropical spastic paraparesis  . Tax is a pleiotropic transcription factor, which activates gene expression by assembling complexes including cellular transcription factors and coactivators at the HTLV 1 promoter and at promoters of various cellular genes involved in T lymphocyte proliferation. Tax interacts with members of the ATF/CREB family of cellular transcription factors and increases their binding affinity to the enhancer sequence made of three 21 bp repeats present in the HTLV 1 5′ LTR.
Sam68 was initially identified to be associated with the p120 RasGTPase activating protein  in cells transformed by tyrosine kinase oncogenes including v Src and, and it was called p62 for a tyrosine phosphorylated protein of 62 kDa . Since p62 was found to migrate at 68 kDa and was a Src substrate during mitosis, it was then renamed Src associated protein in mitosis or Sam68 . Human Sam68 gene contains nine exons, its cDNA encodes an open reading frame of 443 amino acids.
The Bet v 1 protein from birch is a major allergen with high sequence similarity to the plant PR 10 pathogenesis related proteins, which are involved in the response of plants towards microbial infection. The Bet v 1 like superfamily of proteins now contains approximately 10,135 sequences and consists of 13 unique families. Conversely, homologous prokaryotic proteins have a much more diverse domain organization suggesting a wide range of possible functions.
The human brain has remarkable capacity for forming associations between items, yet given the constant stream of stimuli that one encounters and attends to each day, some experiences will be later remembered and some will not. Even if elements of an experience are remembered, particular associations between those elements may be forgotten. Forming lasting associative memories for items presented over time involves cooperation of working memory and long term memory .
The transmembrane glycoprotein E cadherin  is necessary for normal epithelial cells intercellular adhesion, cell polarity, cell signaling, and maintenance of cellular differentiation and tissue morphology . Diminished E cadherin expression promotes malignant transformation, tumor invasion, and metastasis . A promoter polymorphism  that results in reduced E cadherin expression for the minor allele   has been extensively studied and is suggested to be associated with increased susceptibility to lung, prostate, and gastric cancers in meta analyses .
Since HIV disproportionately infects persons with severe mental illnesses , researchers have diligently worked toward making empirical strides in identifying this population's constellation of unique risk behaviors in order to design effective prevention interventions. This oversight has served to stymie further progress for effective HIV prevention for persons with SMI . “ This question, taken from an in depth interview with a case manager in the “field” for 14 years, exemplifies the manner and extent to which case managers, typically inexpert at assessing risk behaviors and delivering HIV prevention intervention messages, speak with their SMI clients about safer sex.
Lead  is a naturally occurring toxic metal to which human populations are exposed globally. Pb has no known biological benefit, and a body of evidence has shown it to be immunotoxic, hematotoxic, nephrotoxic and neurotoxic in humans . The developing fetus may be exposed to Pb during pregnancy as a result of Pb crossing the placenta from mobilization of maternal bone Pb stores .
For NMR structural studies of membrane proteins, one of the major obstacles is that a target membrane protein has to be purified from the cells after they are labeled with isotopes, which is quite tedious and time consuming. In order to circumvent this problem, it is ideal if one could label only a target membrane protein with isotopes in the cells so that the whole membrane fraction may be used for NMR structural study of the protein without purification of the protein. In our laboratory, we have developed a protein expression system in Escherichia coli termed the SPP system, with which E. coli cells are used as a bioreactor producing only a protein of interest without producing any other cellular proteins .
Many studies have shown that specific dementia syndromes are associated with particular patterns of volume loss in the brain, usually reflecting the clinical features in that syndrome. In the case of frontotemporal dementia , the region of greatest abnormality is found in the frontal lobes, consistent with the behavioral and frontal/executive deficits that characterize this disease, while in semantic dementia  the regions of greatest abnormality are in the anterior and inferior temporal lobes which correlates with the profound semantic deficits seen in these patients. In contrast to the well established data on comparing dementias cross sectionally, relatively little is known about how tissue loss in FTD and SD over time differs from the patterns seen with other dementias.
A critical factor in cancer survivability is whether or not cancer cells migrate from the site of the primary tumor and form metastases . Finally, the microenvironment  must be permissible so the cell propagates and establishes a metastatic secondary lesion  . Several markers exist to identify prostate CSCs.
Breast cancer is a leading cause of cancer related deaths in women in the United States and world wide . Metastatic spread of cancer continues to be the greatest barrier to cancer cure. Breast cancer is one of the few cancers that have several active modalities available for its treatment such as surgery, hormone therapy, cytotoxic therapy, and radiation therapy .
Over the last several years, our laboratory, as well as a number of others, has explored the complex relationship between stress and the subsequent activation of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal  axis in psychomotor stimulant reinforcement . This effect was attenuated when the unit dose of cocaine was increased, suggesting that chlordiazepoxide decreased the efficacy of cocaine as a reinforcer. However, since these decreases in drug intake may have resulted from a non specific disruption of the ability of the rats to respond, an additional study was conducted whereby another benzodiazepine receptor agonist, alprazolam, was tested in rats responding under a multiple schedule of intravenous cocaine presentation and food reinforcement .
For the past 30 years, through the pioneering theories of Gwen dylen Stewart  a relationship between thrombosis and inflammation was suggested, adding new insights to the pathogenesis of deep venous thrombosis  based on Virchow's triad of stasis, changes in the vessel wall and thrombogenic changes in the blood . Stasis by itself, although an important factor, is usually not enough to produce thrombosis . Inflammation and thrombosis are interrelated.
Microglia, the resident macrophages in the central nervous system , are critical actors regulating normal CNS physiology and health . M1 activation is characterized by the upregulation of pro inflammatory mediators  and the production of reactive oxygen species  . This unchecked microglial pro inflammatory response is implicated in several late onset neurodegenerative diseases, such as Parkinson’s disease .
Gonadal growth, gamete maturation, and steroidogenesis in vertebrates are predominantly under the control of luteinizing hormone  and follicle stimulating hormone . However, in teleost fish unlike in mammals, LH and FSH are more promiscuous and are capable of binding to the other gonadotropin receptor  . Gonadotropins have been sequenced and characterized in a number of teleost fish representing anguilliformes, salmoniforms, perciforms, cypriniformes, and siluriformes in addition to other species .
One of the great challenges in the study of the function of the nervous system is the quantitative understanding of the manner in which information is processed by neuronal ensembles in the form of sequences of action potentials . An additional challenge is presented by the binary nature of the neuronal signals  that requires appropriate mathematical methods of analysis and modeling, distinct from the various methods developed for continuous data. We note the fundamental distinction between discretized continuous data  and point process data .
Genomic instability plays an important role in most human cancers . What is the association between genomic instability and risk factors and clinical phenotypes? Such integrated analysis for ESCC has been examined only once previously, and then only in a study of cell lines .
Relative adrenal insufficiency, a concept which has gained increasing attention in recent years, occurs when cortisol concentrations do not rise appropriately in response to stress or illness. Different investigators, using various definitions, have reported a 5 to 50% incidence of relative adrenal insufficiency , or inappropriately low cortisol values, in children and adults with critical illness. Low cortisol values and/or inadequate responses to adrenocorticotropic hormone  stimulation have been found to correlate with increased mortality and morbidity, in particular cardiovascular dysfunction with vasopressor resistant hypotension.
Alzheimer's disease  is the most frequent age related neurode generative disorder and a major public health concern. The presence of one APOE ε4 copy substantially increases the risk of developing the disease by a factor of 3 compared with the most common APOE ε3 allele, whereas two copies lead to a 12 fold increase . The average age of onset of dementia corresponds to these risk profiles, with APOE4/4 carriers having an onset in their mid 60s and APOE2/3 carriers in their early 90s, a shift of almost three decades, whereas APOE3/3 individuals have an age of onset in the mid 70s  .
Sunitinib is a multitargeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor known to selectively inhibit several growth factor receptors including vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 1 , 2  and 3 , platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha , and beta  and stem cell factor . Recent research has explored the potential anti angiogenic effects of sunitinib, given the critical role of many of these receptor kinases in tumor angiogenesis . It has demonstrated improvements in progression free when compared to interferon  therapy in metastatic RCC patients , and has become a front line therapy for this disease .
The group of woody, perennial, evergreen plants, commonly referred to as bamboo, belong to the grass family . Bambusa oldhamii Munro, known as ‘green timber bamboo’, is a well known semitropical clumping bamboo species native of Taiwan and southern China . This giant bamboo, which forms abundant forests in Taiwan, is a valuable natural resource, with its mature culms used as building material and its young shoots cultivated extensively for human consumption .
Units in low level regions of the cortical visual hierarchy each receive stimulation from a restricted portion of the visual field. Yet important features in the visual image are often spatially extensive and have complex  form structure that is not necessarily apparent in such local representations. provided a compelling demonstration of our sensitivity to such complex spatial structure in his eponymous patterns; if a dense field of randomly positioned dots is combined with a duplicate that has been displaced at a polar angle , we can perceive spatial form consistent with the geometric transformation .
Many epidemiological studies have been conducted to investigate the effect of maternal exposure to air pollution on adverse pregnancy outcomes . Results of these studies have shown that exposure to air pollution may elevate the risk of adverse birth outcomes, including low birthweight, preterm delivery, and small for gestational age  . Poor birth outcomes are significant predictors of neonatal mortality and morbidity .
Abnormal scapular kinematics are associated with a number of shoulder pathologies, including, but not limited to, shoulder impingement syndrome , rotator cuff tendinopathy , rotator cuff tears , shoulder instability , and adhesive capsulitis  . A variety of methods have been proposed to quantify scapular movement. These have progressed from initial attempts utilizing two dimensional radiographs to modern experimental designs creating digital maps from high speed computerized imaging .
Inhaled corticosteroid  therapy is considered to be first line treatment for the control of persistent asthma. However, there appears to be substantial variation in ICS treatment response, which may contribute to a significant proportion of disease related morbidity. In vitro models have identified dual specificity phosphatase 1 , also known as MAP kinase phosphatase 1 , as a potential master regulator of corticosteroid response.
Recently, we developed an assay employing high performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry  to measure 3',5' cAMP and other purines in the renal venous effluent from isolated, perfused kidneys. To our knowledge this was the first report of the endogenous generation of 2',3' cAMP by any tissue, organ or cell . Studies in isolated, perfused rat kidneys support the extracellular 2',3' cAMP adenosine pathway hypothesis.
Tumors promote immune tolerance, and DCs play an important role in this. Retinoic acid , an active metabolite of vitamin A, regulates a broad array of immune responses . However, its role in Treg induction and activation in response to tumor induced immune tolerance is not known.
The prodromal period prior to the onset of schizophrenia is often marked by declines in cognitive function, as well as attenuated psychotic symptoms . In addition to positive psychotic symptoms, UHR individuals and patients with schizophrenia also suffer from negative symptoms. Furthermore, UHR individuals also exhibit brain abnormalities when compared to healthy controls .
Endogenous sex steroid hormones play an important role in the etiology of female cancers, including breast and endometrial cancer . Sex steroid hormones are synthesized and eliminated through complex metabolic pathways. Polymorphisms in genes coding for key enzymes involved in these pathways could modulate endogenous hormone levels and through this mechanism, influence the risk of hormone related cancers  .
The lung faces unique challenges in that it is continuously exposed to a variety of potentially noxious agents from the environment yet must maintain a delicate architecture to allow for efficient gas exchange. Thus, immune responses in the lung are tightly regulated to protect the host without interfering with lung function. Individuals with allergic asthma respond to inhalation of allergens with the development of chronic inflammation.
Autism spectrum disorders  comprise a complex and heterogeneous group of neurodevelopmental conditions including autism, Asperger syndromes, and pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified . Despite their high prevalence, relatively little is known about the pathology underlying ASDs. The lack of widely available biological samples of relevant cell and tissue types has made studying the pathophysiology of many neurological conditions a challenging prospect.
Osteosarcoma is a highly malignant bone sarcoma seen in children with a peak incidence occurring during adolescence, thus establishing a relationship between bone development and tumor formation . The type 1 interferon gene cluster spans about 400 Kbp within the chromosome 9p21 p22 region . It consists of one beta gene , one omega gene, 13 alpha genes and 11 pseudogenes  ;see  for gene map).
It is well known that expectation can significantly modulate pain perception . In one of the few studies on this topic performed in human subjects, Vokow and colleagues investigated how expectation can influence response to the stimulant drug methylphenidate in both cocaine abusers  and non abusers . In these trials, it is not uncommon for “placebo/sham acupuncture/minimal acupuncture” controls to induce positive therapeutic effects on the same order of magnitude as verum  acupuncture, with verum and sham groups usually demonstrating superiority and clinical benefits over wait list or standard of care controls .
The 5′ cap is a distinctive feature of eukaryal cellular and viral messenger RNA that is required for mRNA stability and efficient translation. The cap consists of 7 methylguanosine linked via an inverted 5′ 5′ triphosphate bridge to the initiating nucleoside of the transcript. The cap is formed by enzymatic modification of nascent pre mRNAs synthesized by cellular or viral RNA polymerases.
Infection with HIV has become a manageable chronic illness with the advent ofcombination antiretroviral therapy . Considering theemergence of safer antiretroviral medications and the availability of cARTworldwide, aging with HIV has become an internationally important issue. Both age and HIV are risk factors for cognitive decline, and older age isassociated with greater risk for HAND., Older patients oftenhave higher rates of comorbid illness, including cardiovascular disease, whichfurther increases risk for impaired cognition and may impact the patterns ofimpairment on neuropsychological testing.
Anopheles sinensis Wiedemann 1828 is a member of the Hyrcanus group that belongs to the Myzorhynchus series within the subgenus Anopheles . Because of its importance as a vector, An. This species has a 2n=6 chromosome complement typical to Anopheles.
The expulsive component of cough is generated primarily by the coordinated activity of the anterolateral abdominal muscles . Input from the brainstem cough neural networks ) to the motoneuron pools for these primary expiratory muscles is disrupted following cervical and thoracic injuries involving the ventral and ventrolateral spinal cord . In the cat, the motoneuron pools for these four muscles all terminate at L3, but they have varying rostral extents with the rectus abdominis extending most rostrally ; the external oblique to T6; the transverses abdominis to T9; and the internal oblique to T13 .
In the periodontal microenvironment, bacterial constituents including gram negative derived lipopolysaccharide  can initiate inflammatory bone loss as appreciated in periodontal diseases. The production of inflammatory cytokines results from the activation of kinase induced signaling cascades and transcriptional factors. These cytokines orchestrate the cascade of destructive events that occur in the periodontal tissues, and trigger the production of an array of inflammatory enzymes and mediators including MMPs and prostaglandins.
The hair follicle  is a unique regenerative mini organ that provides a highly instructive model system to study the underlying mechanisms that govern hair and skin appendage development as well as hair follicle stem cell  homeostasis and progeny differentiation. Basal keratinocytes of the IFE proliferate and their progenies detach from the basement membrane, progressively differentiating while moving upwards to generate the overlying layers of stratified epidermis  . Mature HFs are fully established during the growth phase , the lower epithelial portion of HFs then undergo cycles of degeneration  and rest  with subsequent re growth at the next anagen .
Tumor necrosis factor alpha  is a cytokine involved in regulation of immune cells, tumorigenesis, inflammation, and apoptotic/necrotic cell death . Exposure of mammalian cells to TNF α and inhibitors of transcription or translation, such as actinomycin D and cycloheximide , leads to induction of apoptosis in a cell specific manner by sequential activation of either caspases 8 and 3 or of 8, 9 and 3 . Conversely, nitric oxide  produced by low molecular mass compounds or intracellularly by nitric oxide synthases inactivates caspases 9, 8 and 3 via reactions of S nitrosation .
Cigarette smoking is causally associated with cancers of the lung, bladder, pancreas kidney, oral cavity, esophagus, larynx and uterine cervix. Studies of cigarette smoking in relation to the risk of cutaneous malignant melanoma  have been reported, but the evidence to date has not been clear cut. Surprisingly, the results have often suggested the possibility that smoking may be inversely associated with melanoma risk .
Elucidation of the cellular mechanisms that contribute to the ontogeny of orderly neural connections is a major theme of developmental neurobiology. Retinal projections have been a widely used experimental system for studies of this issue. In mammals, the dorsal nucleus of the lateral geniculate body  and the superior colliculus  are, respectively, the principal thalamic and midbrain targets of the retina.
Ovulation in women is thought to occur spontaneously during each menstrual cycle, regardless of sexual behavior, as a result of positive and negative feedback mechanisms of the hypothalamic pituitary ovarian axis . Female  versus male initiated sexual activity has been shown to be greater around the time of ovulation  and numerous studies have found that sexual activity among women in general peaks during the time of ovulation  as does the desirability of a male partner . Together these studies suggest that peri ovulatory hormonal patterns may cause an increase in female libido, which together with their partner’s desire and the couple’s intentions regarding pregnancy, can affect sexual behavior  .
Apolipoprotein E  is a 34 kDa glycosylated protein whose primary function is to transport lipids between cells and throughout the circulatory system. Inflammation is a hallmark of many of these CNS diseases. Increasing evidence suggests that apoE down regulates CNS inflammation in an isoform specific manner and application of apoE or apoE mimetic peptides, formed from the receptor binding region of apoE, modulates the inflammatory response  .
Atrial fibrillation  is the most common sustained cardiac arrhythmia, occurring in 1 2% of the general population . The risk of stroke in the setting of AF increases with age, affecting up to 23.5% of patients aged 80 to 90 years . AF confers a 5 fold risk of stroke and one in five of all strokes is attributable to AF .ENREF 3 Recognition of comorbidities associated with increased stroke risk has led to the publication of various stroke risk schemes such as the CHADS2 and, recently, the CHA2DS2 VASc scores .
Glypicans  are a conserved family of cell surface heparan sulfate proteoglycans  that modulate major signaling pathways during embryonic development of fruit flies to mammals . Accordingly, functional perturbation of glypicans has been shown to cause significant defects in cell fate, cell movements, survival and proliferation in mice, Xenopus laevis, Drosophila, and zebrafish  . During vertebrate development, glypicans are expressed in a spatiotemporally regulated manner in the nervous system and other tissues .
The knowledge of the three dimensional  structure of a protein is crucial in under  standing its biological function. The two main methods used in protein structure prediction are template based  and ab initio modeling. There was some new progress in model refinement as demonstrated in CASP10 and CASP11 ; however, it was based on very long time MD simulations, which may not be generally applicable for routine structure prediction .
Personality—an individual’s habitual pattern of cognition, emotion, and behaviour—is relatively stable and enduring . These changes may be influenced in part by genetic predispositions  or by environmental influences such as life experiences and age related role expectations . Continuous changes in brain structure and function that occur throughout life also likely play a significant role.
A central goal in cognitive and developmental science is to develop models that capture the richness of human behavior in specific situations and make behavioral predictions that span across situations. Although many models do an excellent job capturing the specific details of behavior, most models are exclusively linked to a single task and thus have relatively limited generalizability . There are a handful of formal models that have confronted this challenge, speaking to the processes that underlie behavior, while still addressing multiple tasks and time scales .
In the United States there were 58,000 cases and about 13,000 deaths from renal cell carcinoma in 2009 . Renal cell carcinoma represents 3.9% of all US cancers and 2% of all cancer deaths. The majority of kidney tumors are discovered incidentally during investigation of unrelated complaints.
The renin angiotensin aldosterone system  is a major humoral system involved in the control of blood pressure and volume . This system produces angiotensin II  from a precursor, angiotensinogen , produced by the liver , through sequential activation of two proteases, renin and angiotensin converting enzyme . Renin, produced in the kidney by the afferent arteriolar myoepithelial cells and released into the circulation, cleaves circulating AGT to yield a decapeptide, angiotensin I .
In short echo time  proton MR spectra of the human brain, a number of broad signals are observed which are believed to originate from ‘macromolecular’  compounds with relatively short T2 relaxation times . The biochemical origin of these signals is not completely certain, but it appears that they originate from cytosolic proteins, and perhaps also lipids . Resonances between 3.5 and 4.5 ppm have been assigned to α methine protons also .
The clostridial neurotoxins, botulinum neurotoxin  and tetanus neurotoxin  are the most toxic proteins for humans . TeNT is responsible for the paralytic disease tetanus, and BoNT is responsible for botulism. TeNT and BoNT share ~35% identity and ~65% similarity and overall structure function properties .
High birth weight  is an established risk factor for childhood acute lymoblastic leukemia . The purpose of this study was to evaluate if birth weight  corrected for gestational age is a better predictor than BW alone for occurrence of ALL and other malignancies in children . Birth certificate data of 2254 children with cancer who were younger than 5 years old at diagnosis and registered at Texas Cancer Registry during 19952003 were compared to 11734 age matched controls.
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma is the predominant form of pancreatic cancer and one of the most lethal and aggressive human malignancies. Approximately 37,000 new cases are diagnosed annually in the United States alone, which is virtually the same number of deaths reported to occur every year due to metastatic complications . One of these originally novel genes, mda 7, displayed an inverse relationship with the pathogenesis and progression of melanoma .
Fatty acids are biosynthesized by the fatty acid synthase , which consists of several catalytic domains, either present on separate proteins  or on one polypeptide . Type II synthases are typically found in bacteria but also in mitochondria, chloroplasts and apicoplasts of eukaryotes. In type II synthases, ACP buries its attached cargo within its inner hydrophobic core, and protein protein interactions with catalytic proteins induces the acyl chain to release from the inner core and into the active site of the catalytic protein .
In smooth muscles, contraction is initiated by phosphorylation of the smooth muscle myosin  regulatory light chain  at Ser19 by Ca2+ CaM dependent myosin light chain kinase . ; ; MLCK is ubiquitously expressed in smooth muscles  and its only known substrate in vivo is myosin. This MLCK isoform has an actin binding domain, composed of 3 DFRXXL motifs, at the N terminus.
Smoking and physical inactivity rank among the top 3 modifiable risk factors for chronic disease and premature death. These unhealthy behaviors tend to clusterwithin person and have been associated withlower education level. Physical activitytends to be lower in smoking adults.
Recent epidemiological studies using administrative hospital data have reported trends of rising incidence and declining hospital mortality rates associated with severe sepsis in the Unites States . For example, increasing the number of claims for severe sepsis or acute organ failures by including patients who technically meet criteria for severe sepsis but have milder disease may enhance hospital reimbursement but result in lower illness severity among patients identified as having severe sepsis. Such a trend would potentially result in a spurious decline in mortality rates., Thus, without an alternative standard available with which to study mortality trends, it is unclear whether severe sepsis mortality is truly declining or whether reported improvements in severe sepsis outcomes are artifacts of changing coding and discharge practices .
Collective migration involves the coordinated movement of groups, strands or sheets of cells . It is a process essential to development, wound repair and pathogenic disease . Cell cell junctions are a pivotal feature of collectively migrating cells, as they provide the mechanism by which cells associate and communicate with one another.
HIV 1 entry is a multi step process; the trimeric surface glycoprotein of HIV 1, gp120, binds to CD4 on the host cell surface, and undergoes a conformational change enabling an interaction with the alternative coreceptors, CCR5 or CXCR4. Thereafter, the viral and cellular membranes fuse and the viral RNA enters the cell. Agents that inhibit these processes might allow further investigation of the molecular interactions involved, and also have potential as viral therapeutics .
The inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor  α is an important tumor promoter in a variety of experimental animal models whether produced by initiated epithelial cells  or by stromal components . This cytokine is also produced by the malignant cells of advanced cancers , its presence often being associated with poor prognostic factors . Epithelial ovarian cancer is one cancer in which tumor cell TNF α production has been described .
Proliferation and differentiation are two fundamental cellular processes in development and cancer. These two processes are generally opposing each other in that inhibition of proliferation is necessary for differentiation and less differentiation is accompanied by more proliferation . Early research with AR deficient  mice and tissue reconstitution has established that androgen signaling in prostate epithelial cells directly promotes terminal cellular differentiation, not cell proliferation .
Food insecurity and malnutrition pose barriers to antiretroviral treatment  adherence in resource poor settings, and are often cited by patients, providers, and HIV treatment advocates as main obstacles to accessing and adhering to ART treatment . ART requires regular medical visits, which involve transport costs and lost work time, thereby reducing household monetary resources available for food acquisition. Poor adherence, in turn, leads to treatment failure and development and spread of drug resistance.
Pathogen recognition is a critical function of innate immunity. Classical” PRRs sense pathogen associated molecular patterns , structural molecular motifs that are evolutionarily conserved and shared among members of a given microbial class . In mouse and man, the TLRs represent a family of >10 single transmembrane classical PRRs that detect chemically conserved microbial components, for example, lipopolysaccharide , lipopeptides, and RNA.
Diabetes mellitus  is characterized by changes in fluid balance and blood volume homeostasis . Patients with type 1 diabetes have increased proximal tubular sodium reabsorption . Glomerular hyperfiltration is believed to play a role in the pathophysiology of diabetic nephropathy .
Most animal models of peripheral neuropathic pain involve partial nerve injury and manifest with hypersensitivity to noxious and non noxious stimuli in the neighboring spared territory . However, these models do not distinguish the cellular and molecular pathways specifically responsible for initiating and maintaining neuropathic pain like hypersensitivity  from the more general consequences of nerve damage, including the nerve regeneration response and the cellular stress response associated with altered metabolic and survival pathways. We have exploited the observation that partial nerve injury in rats from birth to the age of 3 weeks does not produce mechanical hypersensitivity  to tease out what is responsible for producing peripheral neuropathic mechanical allodynia in mature animals .
Bone is a dynamic tissue system in a constant state of flux. In bone loss diseases such as osteoporosis, bone resorption exceeds formation. Unfortunately, there are few successful means to induce anabolic bone formation.
Vaccination by gene delivery is an important immunization strategy for viral diseases. Naked DNA is the simplest platform for gene delivery. It avoids vector related concerns, is easy to make and temperature stable.
Noninjurious brief ischemia or systemic hypoxia are effective preconditioning stimuli known to promote a state of increased ischemic resistance, or “ischemic tolerance,” in the retina. , The endogenous basis for this protection is thought to result from the preconditioning induced transcriptional activation of a host of survival promoting genes, as well as post translational protein processing, that affect metabolic, inflammatory, excitotoxic, apoptotic, and oxidative injury pathways. In brain models of ischemic tolerance, cytokines, metabolic inhibitors, anesthetics, and a number of pharmacologic treatments can serve as preconditioning stimuli.
Acute kidney injury  is a frequent complication following surgery for congenital heart disease associated with cardiopulmonary bypass  procedures and has been associated with poor clinical outcomes . The development of AKI may result in fluid overload and AKI, further comprising the clinical course, which increases a patient’s mortality risk . Indications for PD discontinuation are also not standardized in the literature .
The central nervous system provides several examples of circuits specialized for fast processing because they subserve tasks in which long transmission delays have important behavioral costs. Similarly the vestibulo ocular reflex can cause eye movements within 1015 ms of head motion . The forebrain nuclei mediating song control form two segregated pathways .
Maintenance of blood glucose levels is one of the most tightly regulated systems in the body, and although all cells require glucose, it is only available from exogenous sources as well as hepatic and to a lesser extent renal cortical gluconeogenisis . Insulin plays a critical role in maintaining normal levels of plasma glucose. Insulin secretion is stimulated when blood glucose levels rise, which stimulates the uptake of glucose by skeletal muscle and other tissues via specific glucose transporter proteins and decreases glucose production by the liver .
Shinya Yamanaka received the Nobel Prize for Medicine or Physiology in 2012 for his discovery that the forced expression of the transcription factors Oct4, Sox2, Klf4 and cMyc  can induce nuclear reprogramming of somatic cells to induced pluripotent stem cells , . We recently discovered that the retroviral vectors used in nuclear reprogramming are more than mere vehicles for the transcription factors. Indeed, by activating innate immune signaling  these viral vectors cause global changes in the expression and activity of epigenetic modifiers.
Dementia is a substantial, and growing, public health problem . Roughly 25 million people worldwide  and at least 3.4 million individuals in the United States  have dementia . Patients hospitalized with a dementia diagnosis have adverse outcomes, including higher cost, longer stays, and higher mortality, compared to those without dementia even within similar co existing disease categories .
Women diagnosed with breast cancer today have significantly better survival outcomes compared with their counterparts 30 years ago . Currently, 1525% of newly diagnosed breast cancers are preinvasive ductal carcinoma in situ  , and with improvements in imaging these percentages are likely to increase. Some have suggested that improving the detection of early cancers is essential for further decreasing mortality rates .
Ovarian cancers arising in the setting of germline mutation of the BRCA1 tumor suppressor gene exhibit particular clinical and molecular features, including predominantly serous histology, a high grade suggestive of a more aggressive malignancy, and distinct gene expression profiles . Furthermore, these tumors exhibit mutational inactivation of p53 in up to 80% of cases . Inactivation of p53 is thought to promote tumor cell survival in the face of BRCA1 dependent defects in DNA repair .
Type 1 diabetes  results from a complex interplay between varying degrees of genetic susceptibility and environmental factors. A trio of interacting facets that create a ‘perfect storm’ for diabetes development have been proposed including  an aberrant intestinal microbiota,  a ‘leaky’ intestinal mucosal barrier and  altered intestinal immune responsiveness . The first of these, an aberrant intestinal microbiota, the focus of this investigation, could readily lead to mucosal barrier dysfunction and altered intestinal immune responsiveness .
Systemic Lupus Erythematosus  is a prototypic systemic autoimmune disease characterized by heterogeneous clinical manifestations including skin rashes, joint pain, glomerulonephritis, thrombocytopenia, hemolytic anemia, atherosclerosis and central nervous system damage . Autoantibody production is the major pathogenic mediator in SLE,  and a hallmark of the disease is the elevation in serum IgG antinuclear antibodies . The heterogeneous clinical manifestations in SLE appear to be associated with the production of different pathogenic autoantibodies, particularly to nuclear antigens and by an abnormal production of proinflammatory cytokines  .
Dopamine  released from the ventral tegmental area  is necessary for the processing of information related to rewarding properties . The two main patterns of activity of VTA DA neurons, i.e. pacemaker or bursting activity, are thought to modulate the neurophysiology of the mesocorticolimbic system . In addiction and schizophrenia these two firing modes appear to be altered .
Chagas disease is an emerging parasitic disease in developed countries. In endemic countries, ~1618 million people are infected with Trypanosoma cruzi, and at risk of disease development . In most patients, acute infection results in non specific clinical symptoms.
The striatum is a critical nucleus for the basal ganglia’s modulation of motor control and its pathology accounts for many movement disorders. In some genetic mouse models of HD, degenerative signs in the striatum are greater in the striosomes than matrix . To address this question, we used a specific neurotoxin to lesion MOR containing cells of the striosomes and examined motor behaviors before and after the lesion in 13 month old FVB mice.
Oocyte maturation involves several complex cellular processes encompassing both nuclear and cytoplasmic maturation. The IVM of oocytes derived from unstimulated ovaries provides a unique opportunity to investigate the acquisition of oocyte developmental competence. Although the NHP is an excellent translational model for studying processes related to human reproduction , currently there is very little information on culture requirements for the IVM of primate oocytes.
Rigorous evaluations of abstinence education programs show no effects on adolescent sexual behavior . Sexual cognitions can be defined as the attitudes, expectations, beliefs and values related to sexual behavior . Early adolescence is a time of developmental transition, and their sexual cognitions are likely different from those at older ages.
Idiopathic minimal lesion nephrotic syndrome , the most common type of nephrotic syndrome in children and adolescents, is currently considered an immune mediated disease . In 1974 Shalhoub proposed the hypothesis that IMLNS was a T cell disorder . Circulating T cells were postulated to release cytokine that reached the glomerulus and induced an increase in permeability to plasma proteins.
Adipose derived stem cells  are a somatic stem cell population contained in fat tissue that possess the ability for self renewal, differentiation into one or more phenotypes and functional regeneration of damaged tissue, which will benefit the recovery of erectile function by using a stem cell based therapy . We examined the current data associated with the definition and characterization of adipose derived stem cells, including the differentiation of these cells and the initial effects of adipose derived stem cell therapy in a rat model of erectile dysfunction . There is strong evidence supporting the concept that ADSCs are a potential stem cell therapy source for treatment of erectile dysfunction .
Occasional episodic acute complications characterize sickle cell disease  in childhood. These acute complications often become more frequent in adolescents, who additionally begin to display variable degrees of chronic multi organ dysfunction typical of adults with this disorder. Pain resulting from sickle erythrocyte vaso occlusion is the most common acute complication in children, with both pain and priapism potentially becoming frequently recurrent complications.
In 2008, lung cancer was expected to cause 161,840 deaths within the United States. About 16% of these lung cancer patients are expected to have small cell lung cancer . At the time of diagnosis, about 30% of SCLC patients will have a tumor that is confined to the following areas: hemithorax of origin, the mediastinum, or the supraclavicular lymph nodes.
The use of zebrafish  in biomedical research has dramatically increased in recent years . In contrast, Mycobacterium marinum is not frequently seen in zebrafish, but when it occurs it has been associated with acute to chronic infections and also high mortality . Mycobacteriosis in zebrafish presents many challenges to effective management and control of the disease once established within research colonies .
The fusion of the zinc finger domain of the ZNF198 gene with the kinase domain of the FGFR1  gene was originally defined  in an AMPD  with poor prognosis . In the BaF3 growth factor dependent hematopoietic cells, the fusion kinases can confer growth factor independence, although when expressed in primary mouse hematopoietic stem cells, is apparently not sufficient in itself to cause cell transformation  . Various approaches have been taken to investigate the function of the FGFR1 fusion kinases more extensively.
Clinical trials of tobramycin inhalation solution  in patients with cystic fibrosis  with chronic Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection have shown acute improvement in lung function. TIS use has increased since its introduction in 1998. However, efficacy in clinical trials does not necessarily represent effectiveness in the routine clinical practice setting.
Sulfur mustard  is a potent vesicant that has been used as a chemical warfare agent. Inhalation of sulfur mustard causes lung damage in humans and laboratory animals . Pathological responses in humans include bronchial mucosal injury, inflammation, fibrosis and pneumonia .
It is widely recognized that both the hippocampus and thalamus play a critical role in episodic memory functioning . However, the extent to which the hippocampus and thalamus make unique contributions to episodic memory functioning and the nature of their respective contributions remains somewhat unclear. Whereas the hippocampus supports long term memory encoding and storage of the associations among the constituent elements of an experience  , the thalamus has been implicated in the executive aspects of episodic memory.
With increasing age, the ability of the immune system to protect against new antigenic challenges or to control chronic infections erodes. Already between the ages of 50 and 70 years, incidence rates and morbidity of infectious diseases start to increase. In the subsequent decades of life, immune failure accelerates and is a major contribution to morbidity and mortality in the elderly.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease  is a progressive lung disease in which impeded airflow makes breathing difficult. COPD is estimated to become the fourth leading cause of death by 2030 . This phenomenon indicates that other factors contribute to the etiology of the disease .
Quantitative dietary assessment remains limited by the expense involved in telephone or in person interviews, the time required to conduct quantitative nutrient analyses, and the need for multiple days to capture intra individual intake variation and compare intakes with levels recommended by the National Academy of Science . FFQs are generally self administered, can be scanned for entry, and pose little burden on the study staff, subjects, and investigators. However, they have failed to demonstrate energy intake validity .
Mammalian mitochondrial DNA  is a covalently closed circular molecule of approximately 16.5 kb. The mechanism by which it replicates is a subject of intense debate. For almost thirty years mtDNA was believed to replicate via a strand displacement mechanism first proposed in 1972 .
HD is an adult onset neurodegenerative disorder characterized by progressive deterioration of cognitive and motor functions . Neurodegeneration occurs most severely in the MSNs of the striatum, and at later stages in the cortex and other regions of the brain . Several lines of evidence have demonstrated that excitotoxicity is an important mechanism leading to neuronal death in HD .
Parental emotion socialization is defined as the set of practices parents employ to teach their children about the causes and consequences of emotions, the appropriate display of emotions, and how to regulate emotions effectively . Prior research has consistently demonstrated that parents’ use of non supportive emotion socialization practices, such as punishing the child for being upset or discouraging the expression of negative emotions, is linked with negative outcomes such as internalizing and externalizing symptoms . Although the mechanisms that explain this difference have yet to be tested, it has been proposed that African Americans may interpret and experience non supportive emotion socialization less negatively than European Americans which may protect them from the negative effects of this type of emotion socialization on well being .
An estimated 3.1% of adults between ages 1549 in Nigeria live with HIV and AIDS . With population of 140 million, Nigeria has greater mortality and morbidity resulting from HIV/AIDS than many other African countries with higher prevalence rates. The epidemic in Nigeria is largely driven by circulating recombinant subtypes A, G, and CRF02_AG .
Myeloproliferative neoplasms  are a heterogeneous disease group. Their many overlapping clinical and histological features cause frequent diagnostic challenges. In 2008 the World Health Organization  revised the diagnostic criteria for essential thrombocythemia , polycythemia vera , primary myelofibrosis , myelodysplastic syndrome , and other MPN .
Human immunodeficiency virus type 1  as well as other lentiviruses encode for a Vif protein, which has been shown to be essential for HIV 1 replication in certain cell types. Several groups subsequently showed that the Vif protein can prevent hypermutation by binding to hA3G and targeting this protein for degradation via the proteasome . In addition to A3G, humans have six other A3 genes: hA3A, hA3B, hA3C, hA3DE, hA3F, and hA3H .
Rheumatoid arthritis  is an autoimmune disease whose pathophysiology involves multiple cellular lineages and inflammatory processes that conspire to produce synovial inflammation, joint pain, joint swelling, and ultimately destruction of cartilage and bone. Less widely appreciated is the marked increase in mast cell  numbers in the synovial sublining of RA patients . Indeed, numerous groups reported that joint tissue isolated from RA patients contains 6  to 25 fold more hTryptase β expressing MCs than normal synovial tissue.
Spontaneous low frequency fluctuations in the blood oxygenation level dependent  signal, measured using functional magnetic resonance imaging , promise to provide critical information about the functional organization of the brain. Various methods exist for analyzing resting state data, including independent component analysis , partial correlation , and clustering . This technique has proven useful in revealing the connectivity properties of many seed areas, and has been used extensively in recent years  due to its efficacy and ease of implementation .
Colorectal cancer  represents a major public health problem accounting for over 1 million cases of new cancer and about half a million deaths worldwide annually . The lifetime risk of developing CRC is 1 in 17, affecting men and women alike, with 90% of cases occurring after the age of 50 years . CRC is thought to develop from the progressive accumulation of genetic mutations, many of which affect the control of apoptosis .
Malaria is a serious public health problem in tropical regions of the world and is responsible for about 1.5 million deaths yearly, mainly among sub Saharan children under 5 years old . AMA1 is thought to participate in the re orientation and attachment of merozoites to red blood cells, a crucial phase in red blood cell invasion by the parasite . Inadequate knowledge about surrogate markers of protection against P. falciparum infection has been a major obstacle to the rational design of malarial vaccines and has complicated measurements of vaccine efficacy.
Neurohumoral activation in congestive heart failure  is thought to be important in the mechanisms of sudden cardiac death  and malignant ventricular arrhythmias. In recent years, the HRV variables have acquired growing importance in stratifying the risk of SCD and in serving as a clinical marker of CHF severity. , Among the HRV variables, in healthy subjects, low frequency  power , especially as expressed in the normalized form, and the ratio between LF power and high frequency  power , increase during sympathetic stress .
Multiple studies have demonstrated acute increases in cardiovascular mortality and morbidity associated with both increasing and decreasing ambient temperature . Due to climate change, there is the potential for more extreme temperatures, both hot and cold, which may increase cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. However, the mechanisms through which these acute changes in temperature may act are unclear.
For more than eight decades, it has been known that cancer cells exhibit altered metabolism when compared to their normal counterparts . These alterations include increased rates of glycolysis and pentose phosphate cycle activity along with slightly reduced mitochondrial respiration . In normal mammalian cells, mitochondria represent the major cellular organelle responsible for respiration .
Plethora of preclinical studies indicated that recombinant erythropoietin , a pleiotropic cytokine, is neuroprotective . Furthermore, studies from our laboratory indicated that vascular protective effects of EPO could also be extended to large cerebral arteries . While existing evidence supporting neuroprotective and vascular protective effects of EPO makes it an appealing candidate for evaluation of protection against cerebrovascular disorders, the effects of EPO on cerebral microvessels, the vascular component in the neurovascular unit mediating trophic support and regulating blood flow in brain, has not been investigated.
Sudden unexplained death due to cardiac arrhythmia may occur at any age. When death occurs during infancy for no apparent reason a diagnosis of the sudden infant death syndrome  may be appropriate. , Recent evidence suggests that 910% of SIDS victims carry germ line mutations in arrhythmia susceptibility genes such as those associated with the congenital long QT syndrome .
Alcohol exposure in utero is one of the leading preventable causes of poor birth outcomes. Together, these outcomes are known as Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders . FASD can have lifelong effects on a child's cognitive and behavioral functioning , in turn impacting educational achievement and long term social outcomes .
Methamphetamine  is a stimulant drug of abuse. This drug can be synthesized with relative ease using readily available precursors. Use of METH continues to spread throughout the United States due in large part to its widespread availability and its high abuse potential.
Skeletal development, growth, function and repair are complex processes mediated by multiple cell types, such as osteoblasts, chondrocytes and osteoclasts, which are regulated by diverse microenvironmental cues including cell extracellular matrix  interactions. Adhesion to ECM is primarily mediated by the integrin receptor family, which also regulates crucial cell functions such as survival, migration and differentiation . During embryonic skeletal development, osteoblasts and chondrocytes differentiate from common precursor cells, found in condensed mesenchymal tissue.
Hyaluronic acid  is a high molecular weight carbohydrate polymer that plays a role in tissue growth, development, wound healing, and inflammation. HA consists of a disaccharide unit  repeated several thousand times. With no sulfate groups nor other charge modifications, HA might at first glance appear to be a passive molecule.
In the United States, hepatoma and pancreatic carcinomas have 5 year survival rates of less than 10% and less than 5%, respectively . These statistics emphasize the need to develop novel therapies against these lethal malignancies . The extracellular signalregulated kinase 1/2  pathway is frequently dysregulated in neoplastic transformation .
Our understanding of organismal evolution has improved significantly in recent decades, thanks largely to the contributions of improved molecular techniques and new microscopy data. However, the root of the eukaryotes and the relationships among these eukaryotic supergroups remain uncertain. Other authors have proposed alternative hypotheses, placing the root of the eukaryotes in the Excavata  or the Plantae ; however, these hypotheses do not generally contradict a monophyletic union of the unikonts  .
Intestinal immune homeostasis must encompass effective defense against pathogens but tolerance to antigens from food and commensals. T regulatory  cells are central to intestinal immune tolerance and are considered a potential therapeutic target in inflammatory bowel disease ., Tregs developing in the thymus are known as natural Treg , whereas those developing from conventional T cells are termed induced Treg  cells. Both nTreg and iTreg are characterized by expression of the transcription factor Forkhead box P3  which is essential to their suppressive function., However, many patients suffering from IBD have increased rather than decreased numbers of Foxp3+ Treg,,  leading to the suggestion that it is not the overall number of Foxp3+ Treg, but the formation of iTregs that is essential to intestinal immune homeostasis, similar to their role in oral tolerance., found that mice lacking the Foxp3 enhancer CNS1, which are unable to develop iTregs but have normal nTreg development and function, exhibit pronounced inflammation at mucosal sites such as the gastrointestinal and respiratory tracts.
Organogenesis depends on the precise execution of discrete gene expression cascades and the acquisition of stable cell identities from multi potent progenitors. DNA methylation on cytosine is a heritable epigenetic modification that is pivotal in regulating the transcriptional accessibility of the genome ). This regulation is effectuated in part by methylcytosine binding proteins that recruit chromatin modifying machinery and restrict transcription via heterochromatin formation ).
Because of its multiple vital functions, it is critical that the central nervous system  be successfully defended against pathogens. However, it is now well established that immune surveillance and inflammatory responses do occur within this compartment . Indeed, in response to either cerebral injury or systemic bacterial infection, the CNS launches a well organized immunological reaction that encompasses both neural components and peripheral immune system cells.
Methadone is a long acting μ opioid agonist that is highly effective for the treatment of opioid dependency. Among the opioid drug class, methadone is prescribed to a minority of patients, but is disproportionately implicated in opioid related deaths. While the higher lethality of methadone likely reflects its potency and long half life, it is known to block the cardiac delayed rectifier potassium ion current  and has been associated with prolongation of the rate corrected QT interval  and torsade de pointes.
Multiple myeloma  is a progressive hematological malignancy that ultimately results in renal failure, lytic bone lesions, hypercalcemia, and anemia . Standard myeloma treatment traditionally involves high dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell transplant . Unfortunately even the most effective treatment eventually fails, resulting in chronic relapse and treatment resistance.
Temporal lobe epilepsy  is a common cause of intractable seizures , but mechanisms governing seizure propensity in TLE remain elusive. In many animal TLE models, an initial episode of status epilepticus  followed by a seizure free interval  before spontaneous seizures commence. In TLE, seizures often originate in the hippocampus .
Understanding the transmission dynamic of generalized HIV epidemics is key to prevention strategies. One model estimated that the majority of infections occurred within long term stable HIV serodiscordant couples, suggesting that couples voluntary counseling and testing  could prevent transmission, mitigating the epidemic., An alternative approach estimated that upwards of two thirds of infections occurred via multiple partnerships, predominantly outside of stable relationships, and thus would not be amenable to a CVCT intervention. We examined this issue using data on incident infections from Rakai, Uganda before and after the availability of antiretroviral therapy  .
Autonomic innervation is the primary extrinsic control mechanism regulating heart rate variability and cardiac performance. Chronic hyperglycemia promotes progressive autonomic neural dysfunction and cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy . Presence of CAN may be documented by abnormal heart rate variability.
In activated macrophages and neutrophils, excessive amounts of NO  are produced by inducible NO synthase to kill pathogenic bacteria and tumor cells . Among the primary targets of NO cytotoxicity are the iron containing redox centers hemes and iron sulfur clusters in proteins . Unlike reversible binding of NO to hemes in proteins , iron sulfur clusters are completely disrupted by NO forming the protein bound DNICs  .
Mutations in the PARK2 gene, which encodes the ubiquitin ligase, parkin, cause autosomal recessive juvenile parkin sonism . Parkin is found throughout the brain, including the hippocampus . Despite a lack of consistent overt motor phenotypes in parkin knockout mice created by several different groups , non motor alterations including behavioral phenotypes indicative of hippocampal dysfunction have been described in some of these mice .
A major quest in neuroscience is to understand the anatomical and functional organization of the brain. Other classical studies  organized the cortex based on myeloarchitecture, the density and arrangement of myelinated fibers across the depth of the cortex. For example, dense myelin bundles run horizontally throughout layer IV of the primary visual cortex in a feature called the stripe of Gennari.
Lung cancer is the second most common malignancy in the US and is responsible for more deaths than any other cancer. Pulmonary resection provides the best chance of cure for patients with early stage disease. Blacks with early stage lung cancer have lower 5 year survival rates than whites, and this difference in outcome has been attributed to lower rates of resection among blacks.
The effect of vitamin D on calcium and phosphate homeostasis is well known. However, the intracellular vitamin D receptor is broadly distributed among a variety of tissues, including leukocytes, vascular smooth muscle cells , and juxtaglomerular cells, implying other potential effects of vitamin D.   In addition, the 1α hydroxylase enzyme  is also widely distributed, expressed in endothelial cells, VSMC, macrophages, and various locations in the kidney. Experimental studies demonstrate that 1,252D inhibits renin expression,,  enhances insulin secretion and sensitivity,,  and blocks proliferation of VSMC.
Temporal Lobe Epilepsy  is a common form of focal epilepsy associated with major synaptic remodeling and rewiring of neuronal circuitry. This reorganization is thought to promote the progression of epilepsy. Alterations in inhibitory synaptic transmission combined with synapse reorganization may have an essential role in initiating and ultimately maintaining the seizure prone condition of the brain.
Obliterative bronchiolitis , and its clinical manifestation bronchiolitis obliterans syndrome, is a fibrotic airway obstruction disease that develops in response to many different stimuli, including toxicant exposure  and respiratory infections . Unfortunately, predicting which lung transplant recipients develop OB pathology has been unsuccessful to date due to a lack of discernible risk factors. IL 13 acts through its remodeling effects on airway epithelial cells .
Microglia, the principal resident innate immune cells in the central nervous system , have diverse roles in health and disease. Microglial activation is associated with virtually all CNS disorders or injuries, although their role in pathophysiology is not fully understood. Emerging studies suggest that microglia also play active roles in the healthy CNS .
The tripartite fibroblast growth factor  signaling system comprised of oligomeric combinations of variants of four transmembrane tyrosine kinases , diverse oligosaccharides within heparan sulfate and 18 transmembrane receptor activating FGFs is a ubiquitous mediator of tissue homeostasis through sensing perturbation and mediating cell to cell communication . Cell specific expression of FGFR isotype, heparin sulfate oligosaccharide motifs and other co factors combine to confer cell and tissue specificity of FGF signaling both in respect to activating FGF  and activation of downstream intracellular pathways . Dependent on cellular context, specific FGF, FGFR and heparan sulfate combinations may have opposite endpoints even within the same tissue .
Cigarette smoking, the leading cause of death in USA, accounts for ∼440,000 deaths and costs more than 167 related billion dollars, annually . Thus, the smoking components travel within the blood, which contains immune cells such as B cells, T cells, monocytes, and other active components. Long term exposure to nicotine can induce B cells to decrease the antibody secretion, inhibit the cell proliferation and development, and finally suppress the normal immune function  .
POLQ  is a member of the A family of DNA polymerases, which, unusually for this class of polymerases, synthesizes DNA with very low fidelity . The precise physiological functions of this protein are currently unclear. However a recent study found that mutation types and frequencies were similar in wild type, POLQ−/−, POLH−/−, and POLQ−/−POLH−/− mice .
The primary function of the endothelium is to act as a living barrier between blood and tissue that can, among many other functions, control the passage of molecules and leukocytes into and out of the bloodstream. Among various types of leukocytes, monocytes are thought to be important in particular for a variety of chronic inflammatory responses, most notably in the development of atherosclerotic lesions. Interestingly, evidence is mounting that endothelial cells also actively adapt themselves to assist the transmigration process.
Nuclear factor κB  is a transcription factor with critical roles in a number of inflammatory responses, as well as oncogenesis, metastasis and chemoresistance. There are five members of the NF κB family: p50/p105 , p52/p100 , c Rel, RelB, and p65 , characterized by the presence of the Rel homology domain which is involved in DNA binding, dimerization, and regulation by inhibitory proteins . Once freed from its binding proteins in the cytoplasm, NF κB is able to accumulate in the nucleus and interact with regulatory elements and affect gene specific transcription  .
High gamma  oscillations of electrocorticogram  signals play a crucial role both for functional brain mapping  and for BCI research . These HG signals are spatially localized over specific areas of the cortex directly related to the individuals environment and behavior. Consequently, these HG signals provide unique spatio temporal spectral signatures of task related brain activity.
Magnesium  is the most abundant divalent cation in biology and is essential to all living cells as it participates in a myriad of key physiological and biochemical processes, from enzymatic activity to genomic stability. In bacteria, Mg2+ homeostasis is carried out by three molecularly distinct translocation systems, MgtA/B, MgtE and CorA. CorA belongs to the GMN family and has been proposed to be one of the major Mg2+ uptake pathway.
The Microscale Life Sciences Center  at the University of Washington is dedicated to performing multi parameter analysis at the single cell level . Studying individual cells allows for a more comprehensive understanding of a cell’s activities. Understanding the characteristics of outlier cells is believed to be essential for developing better diagnoses and treatments of such ailments as heart disease, stroke, and cancer .
MicroRNAs  are small ~22 nucleotide  RNAs that post transcriptionally regulate gene expression . Using the mature miRNA as a guide, miRISC downregulates target gene expression . Underlying this importance is the finding that each step in miRNA biogenesis is subject to regulation .
Melanoma is a skin cancer arising from the uncontrolled proliferation and invasion of melanocytes. It has also been proposed that melanoma cells switch between mutually exclusive invasive and proliferative states., The proliferative state is characterised by high expression of the melanocyte transcription factor MITF and low Brn2 expression, whereas the invasive state is characterised as having Brn2 expression but low MITF expression., NICD binds to the DNA binding factor RBPSUK  and leads to increased transcription of target genes. The SRF pathway links changes in the actin cytoskeleton to gene transcription.
The thermophilic bacterium T. thermophilus has become a model organism for understanding life at extreme temperatures . It is also a rich source of proteins and macromolecular complexes for which structures have been determined including RNA polymerase , the 70S ribosome  and the Cmr complex of the CRISPR Cas host defense system . Additionally, several genetic tools are in place including an E. coli T. thermophilus shuttle vector  and the ability to make targeted gene knockouts by homologous recombination and gene replacement with any of three thermostable antibiotic resistance genes  .
Hypothyroidism, and to a lesser degree, hyperthyroidism and thyroid cancer, occur at increased rates following radiotherapy exposure to the thyroid. Children treated for acute lymphoblastic leukemia  may receive cranial or craniospinal radiotherapy as part of therapy, placing them at risk of thyroid dysfunction due to disruption of the hypothalamic pituitary axis and/or direct injury to the thyroid gland. While the risk of thyroid dysfunction has been described following higher dose radiotherapy given for brain tumors and Hodgkin lymphoma, the effect of lower doses given to ALL patients has not been as well characterized.
Cocaine is a highly abused psychostimulant with repeated use potentially culminating in drug addiction. As such, the aim of the present study was to investigate the role of the intracellular signaling protein, glycogen synthase kinase 3  on behaviors associated with acute and repeated cocaine administration . Dopaminergic cell bodies originate in the ventral tegmental area and the substantia nigra and project to the nucleus accumbens and caudate putamen, respectively.
Epilepsy is a common neurological disorder that affects about 1% of the world's population , and genetic epilepsy  syndromes comprise ~30% of all cases . The receptor is composed of five subunits, and the predominant synaptic receptors are composed of two α subunits, two β subunits and one γ2 subunit. Three GABRG2 mutations R82Q, P83S and N79S  were reported to be associated with generalized epilepsies and are all located in the same structural loop in the N terminus of γ2 subunits, suggesting that they might impair GABAA receptor function similarly .
Paclitaxel is a microtubule dynamics inhibitor widely used in cancer chemotherapy. Paclitaxel stabilizes microtubules, and as a result, interferes with normal microtubule breakdown during cell division, resulting in suppression of microtubule dynamics . The incidence of neuropathy in patients receiving paclitaxel is estimated to be 5090 % and is characterized by dysesthesia  of the hands and feet .
By the year 2030 there will be about 70 million Americans aged 65 and older. Among this group the “old old” who are over age 85 will be the fastest growing group . This dramatic increase in the elderly population will place significant stress on the healthcare system and increase the number of older individuals seen by almost all types of physicians.
Helper dependent adenoviral  vectors hold tremendous potential for a large number of therapeutic applications ranging from inherited disorders to cancer and vaccination. HDAd can infect a large variety of cell types to mediate long term, high level expression without chronic toxicity. However, a major disadvantage of HDAd is the induction of a potent and potentially lethal acute reaction following systemic injection of high vector doses.
The requirements for successful cancer immunotherapy are not fully understood. Tumor vaccines that successfully result in the stimulation of large numbers of tumor specific CTL do not necessarily result in tumor destruction . Several factors may constrain tumor eradication by specific effector CD8+ T cells.
Insulator DNA sequences are thought to partition the genome into functional chromosomal domains to regulate gene transcription . The compartmentalization of chromatin into distinct regulatory domains seems to alter interactions between target genes and nearby cis acting enhancer elements . CTCF was the first human insulator DNA binding protein identified that is a ubiquitously expressed, highly conserved, zinc finger protein that has multiple roles in gene regulation , including regulation of the imprinted maternal H19 allele .
Branched tubular organs such as the lung, vascular system, and kidney are essential for transporting oxygen, nutrients, and cells in all multicellular organisms. Type I tubes are multicellular, such as the dorsal trunk  and the majority of transverse connective . The narrower Type II tubes are unicelluar, such as the lateral trunk , ganglionic branch , dorsal branch , and visceral branch .
Genetic analysis can be used to identify genes required for specific behaviors and can lead to the identification of neural circuits and molecular mechanisms underlying the behavior. On the other hand, brain mechanisms that control sexual behavior in virgin females remain largely unknown . Receptive virgin females decide to accept courting males and copulate with them.
Nipah and Hendra viruses are highly pathogenic paramyxoviruses of the henipavirus genus that cause acute encephalitis and respiratory illness. Their mortality rate in humans can be greater than 90%, and they are the only paramyxoviruses that are classified as biosafety level 4  pathogens. The geographical distribution of these reservoir bats partially coincides with the distribution of HNV outbreaks and spillovers events around the Indian Ocean, reaching from Australia  to Southeast Asia and the Indian subcontinent .
The health benefits of physical activity  and aerobic fitness for children are well established . In general, published research indicates a positive, or at worst, a null association of PA and aerobic fitness with AA . conducted a three year randomized trial with elementary aged students to increase their PA to at least 90 weekly minutes by integrating PA and academic lessons in intervention classrooms.
Frontotemporal dementia  is a set of progressive disorders affecting predominantly the frontal and/or anterior temporal lobes of the brain. The genetics of FTD is complex, with multiple genes associated with disease etiology. Sixty six pathogenic mutations have been reported  in GRN.
Emerging evidence suggests that a significant number of the gene mechanisms that contribute to risk for schizophrenia modulate complex cognitive functions that depend upon the prefrontal cortex and medial temporal lobe . These genotype phenotype relationships further underscore the value of cognitive mechanisms as candidate endophenotypes for schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders . More recently, attention has focused on DTNBP1, the gene that codes for dystrobrevin binding protein  and its relationship to cognition .
Enzymes that produce nicotinamide from the catabolism of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide  are now appreciated to mediate many physiological processes that were nearly unimaginable just a decade ago. After DNA damage, PARPs consume NAD+ to form large ADP ribose polymers and nicotinamide. Among other proposed functions, these polymers facilitate DNA double strand break repair .
Depression has substantial public health implications. It has been shown to exacerbate disease progression, disability, and cognitive decline, as well as increase the risk of mortality . It is also one of the most common psychiatric illnesses.
The coronary vasculature is essential for heart function, yet the processes that govern its formation are incompletely understood. It then envelops the developing heart, thus giving rise to the epicardium, the outer, mesothelial layer of the heart . Recent studies have indicated that PE identity is reliant on correct bone morphogenetic protein  and fibroblast growth factor  signaling  .
Rodents are capable of fine tactile discrimination tasks that require detection and processing of rapid whisker movements occurring in close succession . Thalamic barreloid neurons respond typically with 0 3 spikes per stimulus to single or periodic whisker deflections, with a mean of less than 2 spikes/stimulus . In support of this view, cells in layer IV of visual and somatosensory cortex are thought to respond preferentially to near synchronous firing of their thalamic input neurons .
Prostaglandins  play a diverse role in many physiological and pathological events in the human body. The currently available NSAIDs  inhibit either cyclooxygenase  1 or COX 2 or both. Recent withdrawal of rofecoxib  due to side effects further highlights the need to develop safer anti inflammatory drugs.
Social networks are defined as the web of social relationships that surround an individual. The most commonly examined characteristic in the epidemiologic literature on social networks and breast cancer survival is social network size, i.e. the number of network members. In the Nurses’ Health Study  of 2,835 postmenopausal women with any stage breast cancer, Kroenke and colleagues found that socially isolated women, i.e., those with small networks, were twice as likely to die of their breast cancer than socially integrated women.
Hypertension is the most common primary diagnosis in the US with about 35 million office visits and is a major risk factor for stroke, myocardial infarction, heart failure, and chronic kidney disease. It has been recognized that modifiable lifestyle factors  could play an important role in the prevention of hypertension. Consequently, the Seventh Report of the Joint National Committee on Prevention, detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of high blood pressure  recognized lifestyle management as an important factor in the prevention of hypertension.
Cannabis, the most widely used illicit drug worldwide, exerts dose related psychoactive effects when the primary psychoactive component, Δ9 tetrahydrocannabinol , interacts with cannabinoid receptors in brain. THC binding to the CB1 cannabinoid receptor leads to the “high” experienced by cannabis smokers . Whole blood 11 OH THC concentrations are only about 10% of THC concentrations after smoking cannabis, in comparison to nearly equivalent concentrations after oral THC administration .
Tobacco smoking causes 500,000 deaths annually in the United States, and nicotine is the single most important pharmacological agent responsible for tobacco addiction . Nicotine, cotinine and 3HC undergo further phaseII detoxification reactions by conjugation with glucuronic acid via catalysis by the UDP glucuronosyltransferase  family of enzymes. Up to 31% of nicotine urinary metabolites are in the form of phase II glucuronidated compounds, with nicotine N glucuronide , cotinine N glucuronide , and cotinine 3′ O glucuronide  comprising the majority of these conjugates .
Relationships between objective measures of chronic rhinosinusitis  and health related quality of life  remain elusive for patients electing endoscopic sinus surgery . There is evidence that a patients’ subjective symptomatic experience correlates with improved HRQOL following sinus surgery. , However, a patients’ symptomatic experience has been shown, at best, to be weakly associated with objective findings such as computed tomography  results.
Myocardial infarction  and stroke are the leading vascular contributors to illness and death in the United States,,  with hundreds of thousands of Americans experiencing one of these events annually. In 2010, 7.6 million US adults were MI survivors and 6.8 million were stroke survivors, and these prevalence rates are predicted to increase by up to 25% over the next two decades owing to treatment advances and growth of the population aged 65 or older. The chronic care of MI and stroke survivors will place huge burdens on families, health care systems, and public programs such as Medicare and Medicaid .
Several cluster randomized HIV prevention trials aim to demonstrate the population level preventive impact of antiretroviral therapy . 2013 World Health Organization guidelines raising the ART initiation threshold to CD4<500/µL could attenuate these trials’ effect size by increasing ART usage in control clusters . We used a computational model to simulate strategies from a hypothetical cluster randomized HIV prevention trial.
Wnt signaling plays an essential role in the regulation of bone homeostasis and fracture repair . Activation of Wnt signaling by means of secreted Wnts leads to increased bone formation. This anabolic activity is regulated by the expression of several Wnt antagonists, such as secreted frizzled related proteins , Wnt inhibitory factor 1 , Dickkopf 1  and Sclerostin .
Environmental factors and genetic variants acting alone and in combination influence two interrelated and highly prevalent metabolic diseases, obesity and atherosclerosis . Obesity, particularly when coupled with insulin resistance and dyslipidemia, is a significant risk factor for vascular disease, but mechanisms driving this risk remain unclear . Also, gene discovery as well as gene gene and gene environment interactions can be identified efficiently.
Focal adhesion kinase  is an important cancer target, because FAK gene amplification and protein overexpression have been demonstrated in a wide range of malignancies . FAK inhibitors have been shown to decrease tumor growth and metastasis in preclinical models, and have shown initial clinical activity in cancer patients  . Alternatively, identification of a synthetic lethal relationship between a drug target and loss of a tumor suppressor is exemplified by the efficacy of PARP inhibitors in breast cancer bearing BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations .
Drug transport into the nail is expected to be influenced by formulation factors, such as pH. pH can influence nail permeability by affecting the degree of drug ionization within the solution or by altering the keratin matrix within the nail itself. found the penetration of miconazole to be independent of pH between pH 3.1 and 8.2.
Fibrinogen is a 340,000 kDa protein synthesized in the liver that plays an essential role in clot formation. Fibrinogen is composed of two sets of three polypeptide chains: Aα, Bβ and γ, which are assembled with the stoichiometry 2 . This allows for interaction of neighboring fibrin monomers to form the matrix that is the foundation of a fibrin clot.
Reactive oxygen species  are produced by metabolic processes such as oxidative phosphorylation, and the cytochrome p450 monoxygenase system, but can also be generated by radiation or other environmental exposures. We previously reported that plasma protein carbonyls, and urinary 15 f2t isoprostanes, were associated with an increase in breast cancer risk in a large case control study . Additionally, higher levels of 8 oxodG adducts have been detected in breast tumor tissue compared with adjacent non tumor tissue, and with normal breast tissue from controls .
Reactive oxygen species  generated during prolonged ischemia and subsequent reperfusion are known to contribute to ischemia/reperfusion injury , although, paradoxically, transient ROS generation is also an essential trigger for cardioprotection by ischemic  and pharmacologic preconditioning . In cardiac cells, mitochondria are the major source of ROS, although intracellular NADPH oxidase, xanthine oxidase, monoamine oxidase, etc., may become important ROS sources under pathophysiological conditions. Mitochondria energized with physiologically relevant NADH related substrates produce very little ROS, unless other factors, such as respiratory chain inhibitors  or mitochondrial ATP sensitive K channel activators  are also present.
Traumatic injury accounted for 30% of all life years lost in the United States and was the leading cause of death in Americans between 1 and 44 years old . Acute alcohol exposure was encountered in more than 30% of trauma patients and intoxication carried the highest risk for injury . Alcohol exposed trauma victims who survived their injuries were at increased risk for nosocomial infection and acute respiratory distress syndrome .
Vision is an active process—we frequently move our eyes, head, and body to acquire visual information to guide our actions. However, self movement also complicates interpretation of retinal images. Consider the case of an observer who translates side to side while counter rotating their eye to maintain fixation on a world fixed target .
Inorganic polyphosphates are used in the meat industry to increase the water holding capacity  of pork, poultry and beef products . Polyphosphates were initially used mainly in the poultry  and fish industry , with recent applications in pork and current studies on beef in terms of near intact muscle cuts . Polyphosphate use in comminuted meat products improves yield and is particularly useful for production of low salt products  .
Completion of a blood meal by the tick Ixodes scapularis requires an extended period of feeding during which it can transmit the pathogenic spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi. While attached to the host, the tick must overcome both short term responses such as the hemostatic system, and long term defenses such as acquired immunity. Their presence in the saliva suggests that they may target some of the essential processes enumerated above .
Abdominal aortic calcification  is associated with incident myocardial infarction or stroke, but no study has reported the association of AAC on lateral spine dual energy X ray absorptiometry  images with coronary artery calcium . The primary aim of this study was to assess the association between AAC scored on lateral spine DXA images intended for vertebral fracture assessment  using a validated 24 point semi quantitative scale and coronary artery calcium detected with electron beam computed tomography  in community dwelling older men and women without known heart disease. The secondary aims of this study were to assess the association between AAC scored on VFA images with a newer simplified 8 point semi quantitative scale and CAC scored with EBCT, and to perform an exploratory analysis of the additional prediction of a high CAC level from the additional of AAC score on lateral spine DXA images combined with clinical risk factors compared to the prediction of CAC from clinical risk factors alone .
Silencing is distinct from classic gene repression in its ability to block transcription throughout a chromosomal region. Chromatin domains that restrict gene expression are widespread in multi cellular organisms, playing crucial roles in development, cell identity, and position effect variegation of trans genes. Hence, silencing of HML and HMR is needed for a robust mating ability .
Human rhinoviruses  cause the common cold and are frequently detected in asthma exacerbations. RV typically induces neutrophilic inflammation in the upper airways of both asthmatic and non asthmatic patients; however, in asthmatics these infections can lead to more severe lower respiratory symptoms, as well as reductions in lung function. Interestingly, the severity of asthma symptoms may not be related to viral load, prolonged viral shedding, or to differences in proinflammatory cytokines in the upper airway secretions.
Individuals with schizophrenia consistently show impairments in social cognition . SC has become a potential treatment target due to its association with functional outcomes. An alternative method of assessment is to administer an observer based scale incorporating an informant’s “first hand” impressions in ratings .
An increase in urban populations in developing countries has been accompanied by increased industrial activities, an indiscriminate use of pesticides, a lack of environmental regulation and an increase in poorly planned cities, all resulting in environmental pollution . The presence of Aedes aegypti   larvae has been confirmed in polluted habitats such as drains containing domestic wastewater and man made aquatic habitats , habitats previously not associated with this species of mosquito. Metallic habitats are of particular interest as they provide a source of metal contamination directly to the breeding site.
The insulin/IGF 1 like signaling  pathway is an evolutionarily conserved neuro endocrine pathway that regulates metabolism, development, stress resistance and lifespan . These kinases in turn function to negatively regulate the forkhead transcription factor , DAF 16  . Reduction of function mutations in serine/threonine kinases upstream of DAF 16 lead to changes in lifespan, development, metabolism and/or stress resistance .
The Breast Cancer Susceptibility Gene 1  encodes a tumor suppressor that acts to maintain genetic stability. Individuals that inherit a mutation in BRCA1 are predisposed to developing breast, ovarian, and other cancers. In fact, carriers of BRCA1 mutations have a 4475% lifetime risk for developing breast cancer  and up to an approximate 45% risk for developing a second primary breast cancer .
Federal regulation of cigarettes and other tobacco products has been recommended as an element of a broad based approach to reduce the disease burden of tobacco use . Nicotine is responsible for tobacco induced disease in that it sustains tobacco use. It has been suggested that reduction of nicotine availability would make cigarettes less addicting and might facilitate quitting, thereby reducing smoking related disease .
Current standard combination chemotherapy regimens for patients with metastatic CRC contain 5 fluorouracil  in combination with oxaliplatin or irinotecan. Although the response rate to systemic therapies is ~50%, drug resistance develops in nearly all patients with metastatic CRC, leading to ~50,000 deaths each year in the United States . Advances in targeted therapy have not dramatically improved the outcomes of patients with metastatic CRC, and the majority of those with unresectable metastatic disease still die within 2 years of the diagnosis of metastasis .
The behavioral investigation of human memory has been of interest to neuropsychologists for several decades. Certain behavioral tests, in particular free recall, clearly display the memory deficit associated with a number of types of brain damage , neurological disorders , and healthy aging . A number of prominent studies have documented the organizational difficulties exhibited by various patient groups in free recall.
The vascular injury in systemic sclerosis  occurs very early in the disease, even before the onset of fibrosis. It has been suggested that vessel permeability and injury coincide with the infiltration of immune cells, mainly consisting of T cells and macrophages localised at perivascular regions. This immune cell recruitment is facilitated by vascular endothelial cells which, upon injury, upregulate adhesion molecules such as VCAM 1, ICAM 1 and E selectin, ultimately leading to immune activation, cell recruitment and tissue damage.
A growing interest in the field of glycobiology, defined in a broad sense as the study of sugars and their roles in biology, has emerged in recent years. Glycoconjugates, which include three broad groups, proteoglycans, glycoproteins, and glycolipids, are ubiquitously distributed in the cells, bodily fluids, tissues and organs, including the brain, of all animals, and are primarily, localized on the cell surface. Research in this area has uncovered many roles for both glycolipids and glycoproteins in the basic functioning of the brain.
Dendritic cells  are the primary antigen presenting cells  that mediate T cell immunity and tolerance . It has been suggested that LC continuously migrate to the cutaneous lymph node  to maintain tolerance to self Ag, however, a series of recent studies suggested that LCs may have an immunostimulatory function even in the steady state . The role of dDCs has remained even more elusive .
The importance of karyotype at diagnosis in predicting outcome in patients with acute myeloid leukemia  and myelodysplastic syndrome  is well established. These studies have clearly demonstrated that the outcome for patients with chromosome 5 and 7 abnormalities  have an inferior leukemia free survival and overall survival when traditional cytotoxic chemotherapy, including combinations of cytarabine and anthracyclines, are used. Such inferior outcome is also seen even with the use of allogeneic stem cell transplantation in first complete remission .
Internationally, the Peer Change Agent  model is one of the most frequently used conceptual frameworks for HIV prevention interventions . Peer change agents  are generally trained to use similar strategies to communicate HIV risk reduction messages among targeted peers. Change agents themselves, however, can often be more important than the messages they convey.
CL was the first polyglycerolphospholipid discovered and was first isolated from beef heart by Mary Pangborn . CL is localized to both inner and outer mitochondrial membranes and within contact sites in mammalian cells . CL anchors cytochrome c to the inner mitochondrial membrane  and may play a key role in cytochrome c release and apoptosis .
The mitogen activated protein  kinase / extracellular signal regulated kinase  pathway regulates cell cycle progression, cellular growth, survival, differentiation, and senescence by responding to extracellular signals. However, patients become resistant within a year of treatment . Although BRAFV600E supports melanoma proliferation, benign melanocytic nevi also harbor BRAF mutations.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease  is the most common of liver pathologies and is closely associated with obesity and the metabolic syndrome. In patients with NASH, there is an initial development of steatosis, plus a second insult resulting in disease progression. This sensitizes the liver to potential “second hits” resulting in hepatocellular injury, inflammation and fibrosis.
It has been postulated that in schizophrenia there is a progressive excitotoxic process involving excessive glutamatergic activity in various cortical and subcortical fields that may account for the deteriorating course of the illness. This leads to neuronal dysfunction and underlies the deteriorating cognitive and social functional state characteristic of the illness, despite the beneficial symptomatic effects of antipsychotic medications. Most of the evidence for this process is indirect and stems from pharmacological studies with N methyl D aspartate receptor  blockers.
Gap junctions, formed by connexin  molecules, are transmembrane channels allowing the exchange of small molecules , such as metabolites, ions and second messengers between contacting cells. This type of cell cell communication is crucial in maintaining normal cell and tissue functions . Gap junctions are formed by a family of proteins named connexins, with approximately 20 different members in humans .
Although appropriate use of prescription drugs can substantially improve health status, accessing these treatments may sometimes consume catastrophic proportions of available income. Recent surveys have shown that low income households often cut back on basic necessities or take less medication than prescribed due to out of pocket drug costs . Family budgets in low income households are very tight, dominated by basic living needs for housing, food, and transportation.
Thymocytes undergo a series of developmental stages through interactions with major histocompatibility complex  expressing antigen presenting cells , resulting in the generation of mature T lymphocytes and selection of the T cell repertoire . This results in the selection of T cells expressing receptors recognizing a universe of foreign antigens in association with self MHC in the absence of autoreactivity. Although B cells also reside in the thymus in normal mice and humans , less attention has been paid to the thymic B cell population.
The primate auditory system is characterized by two parallel, chemically defined processing pathways that can be segregated based on immunoreactivity to either parvalbumin  or calbindin . The immunoreactivity to these calcium binding proteins  is sufficient to differentiate specific subdivisions of auditory nuclei, especially in midbrain, thalamic, and cortical structures . Currently, the functional purpose of these density changes remains unknown .
Acute myocardial infarction  is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in the adult population that strikes 7.6 million American adults, or about one person every 44 seconds in the United States. The mainstay of current therapy for acute MI is the restoration of blood flow  to the affected area through angioplasty, sometimes in conjunction with thrombolytic therapy to remove/prevent thrombi formation. However, the reperfusion of ischemic tissue can itself lead to severe myocardial damage.
Cocaine is a widely abused drug with no FDA  approved medication available for treatment seeking users. A promising concept for anti cocaine medication is to accelerate cocaine metabolism by hydrolysis at the benzoyl ester, producing biologically inactive metabolites. In humans, butyrylcholinesterase  is the primary endogenous cocaine metabolizing enzyme capable of catalyzing this reaction in plasma.
ACL reconstruction improves stability of the ACL deficient knee, and may mitigate subsequent damage to the medial meniscus. However, it does not consistently protect the joint from osteoarthritis  progression over the long term, , . The high number of sports related ACL injuries in young individuals, and the lack of effective treatment options for knee OA in this population makes this an emerging problem .
Metastasis is the key process that leads to death from solid tumors. A wealth of genomic and transcriptional data for tumors has recently become available, but the data are largely derived from primary tumors. A major challenge is how to utilize these resources to identify regulatory mechanisms that drive tumor invasion and metastasis .
Family based linkage analysis has been highly successful in identifying genetic loci underlying Mendelian disorders. In contrast, linkage analysis of complex traits and diseases in the general population has resulted in little success. These observations have led investigators to assess new approaches and to reassess methods such as family based linkage analysis .
The innate immune response relies on the recognition of the antigen by receptors that recognize specific structures found exclusively in microbial pathogens termed pathogen associated molecular patterns  . Recent studies have demonstrated that recognition of PAMPs by antigen presenting cells  is mediated by a Toll like receptor  family . There are currently more than 10 known TLR family members capable of sensing bacterial wall components, such as LPS , CpG DNA , flagellin , as well as other microbial products .
The brain is a high oxygen consuming organ and constantly exposed to oxidative stress. Polyunsaturated lipid in lipoproteins and membranes are particularly susceptible to oxidative stress damage, leading to the production of several reactive aldehydes such as 4 hydroxynonenal  and 4 oxo 2 nonenal  , which are capable of modifying protein  and DNA . Indeed, there is substantial evidence for increased lipoperoxidation in neurodegenerative disease associated with oxidative stress, such as Alzheimer disease and Parkinson disease  .
Individuals with salt sensitivity of blood pressure  are usually unable to excrete excess sodium without experiencing a concurrent increase in arterial pressure , . These individuals are at increased risk for essential hypertension, cardiovascular disease , and premature death , . There is strong evidence that genetic mechanisms may underlie the inter individual variation in BP response to salt intake .
Schizophrenia is associated with very high rates of tobacco addiction  relative to the general population  . This post mortem study that controlled for smoking status showed that while nonsmokers with and without schizophrenia have similar binding of  nicotine , smokers with schizophrenia have lower  nicotine binding than smokers without schizophrenia. Taken together these findings suggested that smokers with schizophrenia do not upregulate nAChRs to the same extent as smokers without schizophrenia .
Functional imaging of the central nervous system is of great significance in the neurological sciences because of its potential to reveal how intricate physiological processes occurring at the cellular level contribute to the vast array of neurological functions in humans. Perhaps most importantly, functional imaging offers a means of examining brain activity that is global in its scope as well as non invasive: both of which are necessary to reveal the complex distribution of activity that is the hallmark of a functioning brain . In recent years, multiple imaging modalities have been employed in an effort to provide functional data about the inner workings of the human brain.
The use of effective connectivity has become more popular, with no single method being used to the exclusion of others. As these computational methods and data modeling techniques can be combined in many ways, it is important to understand how the results from these different pairings compare with each other and if any of the pairings may be better suited to calculating effective connectivity from fMRI data than the others . Structural equation modeling  has been applied to fMRI data from a wide variety of neural systems .
Recent discoveries linking tiny pieces of RNA, called microRNAs , with the activity of thousands of genes are fueling excitement about the roles that these molecules play inside the cell . Interestingly, the 2025 nucleotides of mature miRNAs form ‘imperfect’ double helical complexes with their RNA targets . That is, the sequence of bases on the interacting strands is not perfectly complementary, with much, but not all, of the molecular complex held in place by canonical Watson Crick pairs.
Human genetic disorders are caused by diverse types of mutations. Many transcripts carrying a PTC are targeted for rapid degradation before they can be translated into protein through a multistep process termed nonsense mediated RNA decay . The molecular mechanism of NMD has not been fully delineated, though working models have been proposed.
As shown in , definitions of dyslexia  have expanded and evolved in recent years, in part due to refined understanding obtained through research and in part due to controversy that has arisen over the role of cognitive abilities in the definition and classification of RD. However, the degree and/or type of genetic influence may also vary across individuals within the reading disabled group . Several studies have addressed this issue and will be described briefly .
Proton Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy  is widely considered the most accurate non invasive method to measure liver fat . It has been validated in phantoms, animals, and humans, and is performed clinically as well as in research . Its large scale feasibility has been demonstrated in a prospective cohort study in which liver fat content was measured spectroscopically in 2,349 subjects  .
Lead is now accepted to lower children’s IQ at commonly encountered exposures, and no threshold has been determined for this effect. Nevertheless, lead’s effect on children’s behavior is less understood compared to its impact on IQ. Few studies have been done at levels of exposure <10 µg/dL, and almost all have focused on attention related problems.
The prevalence of overweight among children in Texas is higher compared to U.S. wide estimates, especially among economically disadvantaged populations . Among 4th grade students in Texas, Latino  and African American  have a higher prevalence of obesity compared to their Caucasian counterparts  . Additional details on Senate Bill 19 are provided elsewhere  .
Ovarian cancer is the fourth most common cancer in women. While mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 are risk factors for familial ovarian cancer, the causal agents for sporadic ovarian cancers, representing the majority of cases, are relatively unknown . MPO also generates chloramines, reactive nitrating agents and free radicals leading to lipid peroxidation .
Gene therapy has great potential for treatment for many inherited retinopathies , which are mostly monogenic blinding diseases. LCA2 is an IR due to mutations in RPE65, a gene expressed in the retinal pigment epithelium . However, the cloning capacity of AAV vectors is close to its wild type genome length  and this represents a limitation for gene therapies of several IRs due to defects in larger genes, such as Usher1B , Stargardt disease 1 , and LCA10 .
Type 2 diabetes is considered “the epidemic of the 21st century”, affecting approximately 24 million individuals in the US alone . Compared with people without type 2 diabetes, those with type 2 diabetes have higher death rates , and are at elevated risk of cardiovascular disease  and other complications of diabetes, such as retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy . Diabetes and its complications remain major causes of morbidity and mortality in the US  .
The cortical generators of EEG/MEG measurements can be estimated by solving an inverse imaging problem where the unknown sources are distributed on an individual’s cortex with their orientations fixed and orthogonal to the local surface . Typically, several thousand sources are needed to model the convolutions of the cortical manifold precisely, but only a hundred or so measurements are available. Several studies have proposed to address this issue by imposing a partial fMRI constraint  or by modeling more finely the relationship between the BOLD signals and the EEG/MEG measurements .
Pentachlorophenol  is a synthetic molecule that has been used throughout the world for purposes as varied as antimicrobial agent, detergent and wood preservative. Even though its use has been restricted after the 1980s, it is still widely present in the environment, and it is considered as a chemical pollutant of concern . The air and the food chain are main pathways for human exposure to this compound, and it is possible to detect significant concentrations of PCP in the plasma of various age groups including newborns .
The use of mosquito repellents helps reduce or prevent mosquito bites that may lead to not only discomfort but also mosquito borne diseases such as malaria and West Nile virus illness. Mosquito coils have been and are still the most commonly used mosquito repellents worldwide. To be effective, mosquito coils are typically used indoors, primarily at night during sleeping hours .
Colon cancer is third most malignant tumor type involving uncontrolled growth of cells in colon. Therefore, colon epithelial cells gets enhanced exposure to these high concentration of bile acids. Clinical studies have revealed elevated levels of fecal secondary bile acids from patients diagnosed with colon cancer.
Cyclodextrins are cyclic oligosaccharides with hydrophobic interiors used as formulation vehicles to increase the amount of drug, including hormones and vitamins, which can be solubilized in aqueous vehicles . 2 hydroxypropyl β cyclodextrin  was extensively studied in rodents, dogs, and monkeys where it was generally well tolerated at low doses . Daily intravenous administration of greater than 200 mg/kg caused reduced body weight, foamy macrophage infiltration of the lungs, elevations in hepatic enzymes, increased Kuppfer cells in the liver, and renal cortical tubular vacuolization in rodents .
T cell exhaustion is a type of immune response describing the condition in which T cells exhibit reduced differentiation, proliferation and effector function. T cell exhaustion is initially recognized and characterized in chronic viral infections. Phenotypically, PD 1 expression has been demonstrated to be a marker to identify exhausted T cells in viral infection and tumors .
The diagnosis of patients with pulmonary infiltrates and human immunodeficiency virus  infection remains a frequent challenge. In recent years a promising serologic test for the detection of invasive fungal infections has been established. Since that time several studies have been reported.
Pemphigus encompasses a group of autoimmune blistering diseases exhibiting pathogenic autoantibodies against desmogleins , a family of desmosomal cell adhesion glycoproteins . The hallmark of these diseases is the presence of intraepidermal vesicles  and anti epidermal autoantibodies . Pemphigus foliaceus  and pemphigus vulgaris  are the two major phenotypes of pemphigus .
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable death among women and a leading preventable cause of poor pregnancy and infant outcomes in high income countries . Self reported smoking during pregnancy in nine countries in Latin America, Asia, and Africa was highest in two countries, Uruguay  and Argentina  . Studies in high income countries have found that women’s self reported smoking status during pregnancy can underestimate smoking prevalence by 24 28%, and intervention studies have documented differences in self reported and biochemically verified quitting .
Polarized membrane trafficking of signaling receptors is critical for developing neurons to respond to extracellular stimuli mediating growth, guidance and neuronal survival. The family of tropomyosin related kinases  receptors provides a prominent example of trophic factor receptors that undergo long distance axonal trafficking to regulate growth and survival of developing neurons . Currently, little is known about the membrane trafficking mechanisms regulating proper localization of Trk receptors in axons .
Researchers have long sought to understand juvenile delinquency because of its very clear social costs . One approach to understanding delinquency focuses on parenting behaviors, which are commonly labeled “monitoring.” Recently, however, there has been a call to reconceptualize the way the parental monitoring construct is operationally defined, and evidence has been presented in support of this argument . A second approach to understanding delinquency utilizes measures of personality .
Kidney stones are a common and serious medical disorder, causing significant medical costs . Citrate, a tricarboxylate, keeps calcium soluble in the urine; however, the regulation of urinary citrate has received little recent attention and remains poorly understood at the cell and molecular level . After NaDC1 was cloned, the assumption was that this single apical transporter accounted for all of renal citrate reabsorption and control of urinary excretion.
The prevalence of type 2 diabetes is increasing worldwide, and is expected to affect 380 million people by 2025. In the US, use of sulfonylureas  continue to be one of the main classes used to manage type 2 diabetes. Despite over three decades of treatment experience with glipizide and glyburide, it remains unknown whether co administration of anti infective agents increases the risk of hypoglycemia, as suggested by case reports.
Obesity and over overweight, as defined by the , are important health concerns that continue to escalate in scope and severity. Obesity increases the risk for many medical and psychiatric conditions such as coronary heart disease, stroke, certain types of cancers, and depression . This is the first longitudinal study to examine the psychosocial antecedents of an increased BMI, as well its effects on aspects of neurocognitive dysfunction.
Maintenance of B cell homeostasis requires proper intracellular integration of signals delivered from multiple surface receptors such as the B cell antigen receptor, Toll like receptors , B cell activating factor  receptor, and CD40, as well as intracellular cues. Tnfaip3 encodes the A20 protein, a ubiquitin modifying enzyme . A20 was initially identified as a TNF induced molecule that restricts TNF induced signaling .
Our laboratory has shown that patients with sickle cell disease  have significantly decreased HDL C and apoA I., We have also demonstrated that among SCD patients, those with lower apoA I levels have impaired vasodilatory responses to acetylcholine during forearm blood flow strain gauge plethysmography , and they tend to have elevated estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressures, an echocardiographic marker of pulmonary hypertension. In support of this finding, in pulmonary arterial hypertension patients without SCD, plasma HDL C levels are low, and predict clinical worsening and death. Niacin ER treatment promotes an increase in HDL C containing apoA I.
Gene modification by homologous recombination  is a relatively inefficient process mammalian cells, typically occurring at a low frequency of about one event per 105   107treated cells as compared to the high rate of random, non targeted integration of the donor DNA , which occurs in about one cell per 102   105 treated cells. Thus, in most cells, targeted recombinants  are overshadowed by more than 1000 fold higher random, non targeted integrants . However, positive negative selection achieves only a low degree of enrichment in mammalian cells other mouse ES cells, and many colonies must be screened to identify the targeted recombinants.
Addressing the sexual and reproductive health needs of people living with HIV is an emerging concern in secondary HIV prevention, especially in sub Saharan Africa with generalised epidemics and large numbers of reproductive age women living with HIV. Newer options with demonstrated efficacy, such as PrEP for HIV  persons  and Treatment as Prevention for HIV positive partners  have been added to the safer conception options. Manual insemination at home and timed unprotected vaginal intercourse are “low technology” safer conception strategies that could be promoted in resource limited venues , but limited clinical knowledge of these strategies by health care providers mitigates against their use .
That brain derived neurotrophic factor  contributes to the processing of nociceptive messages was originally suggested by a dramatic alteration in the levels of BDNF expression in the spinal cord following tissue or nerve injury . Surprisingly, acute thermal pain responsiveness increased. In contrast, intrathecal administration of antisense directed against either BDNF or TrkB mRNA decreased both acute heat pain and inflammation associated thermal hyperalgesia , as did reduction of BDNF via intrathecal administration of anti BDNF antibodies or by sequestration of BDNF, via intrathecal TrkB IgG  .
Every year in the United States more than 1.25 million people suffer burns and 6.5 million have chronic skin ulcers caused by pressure, venous stasis, or diabetes mellitus . The treatment of these conditions remains imperfect and expensive. There is hope that stem cell therapy may prove beneficial as it has been increasingly well established that stem cells play an important role in wound healing.
Infusion of angiotensin II  induces a loss of lean tissue or skeletal muscle  that is attributed to a decrease in systemic and muscle insulin like growth factor 1  . The Ang II induced reduction in body mass  can be alleviated by treatment with an angiotensin receptor blocker  suggesting that the mechanism of mass loss is angiotensin receptor mediated  . In addition, the ubiquitin proteasome pathway of proteolysis, which is stimulated by elevated glucocorticoids, appears to be the major catabolic mechanism by which Ang II induces increased skeletal muscle atrophy, and thus reduced body mass .
Neural stem/precursor cells  have recently generated much interest as a therapeutic means of reducing neural tissue loss after neurodegenerative diseases or central nervous system  injury. Hence, the critical regulatory events that orchestrate the proliferation and maturation of NPCs are not only important in the cytoarchitectural organization of the developing brain, but also in maintaining neurogenesis in the mature CNS. In the latter processes, adult rodent SVZ NPC migration through the rostral migratory stream is essential in replacing olfactory bulb interneurons .
Sickle cell disease  associated vasculopathy in the penis is characterized by aberrant nitric oxide and phosphodiesterase  5 signaling, and by increased oxidative stress. Preliminary clinical trials show that continuous treatment with PDE5 inhibitor sildenafil unassociated with sexual activity decreases priapic activity in patients with SCD. However, the mechanism of its vasculoprotective effect in the penis remains unclear .
Homogeneous glycopeptides and glycoproteins carrying defined glycan structures are indispensible tools for structural and functional investigation of glycoproteins. A number of elegant synthetic methods have been developed, as discussed in recent reviews. Both glycosyltransferases and endoglycosidases have been used to elaborate sugar chains for glycopeptide/glycoprotein synthesis.
The distal vasculature in the adult lung—distributed through approximately 300,000,000 alveoli—is a major site of injury and remodeling in acute lung injury . Once destroyed by injury or disease the spontaneous restoration of small vessel and capillary networks, leading to better lung function, has proved limited. While major advances have been made in the treatment and management of patients with ALI, vascular loss remains a significant clinical problem.
Methylphenidate  continues to be an important pharmacotherapeutic option for treating Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder . Moreover, recent reports indicate that despite behavioral effects similar to psychostimulants such as cocaine, MPH has distinct effects on monoaminergic transmission, which appear to be unique among the variety of drugs that target the dopamine transporter . In humans, MPH produces positive subjective effects , which may serve as discriminative stimuli.
Early and successful reperfusion of the acutely ischemic myocardium is the most effective salvage against irreversible ischemic injury , but can also cause reperfusion injury. The myocardial milieu is a hostile environment in early reperfusion. The National Institutes of Health has recently convened workshops seeking suggestions to improve the translation of basic science findings to the clinic.
Lung cancer is the most common cause of cancer death, accounting for more deaths than colorectal, prostate, and breast cancer combined . One class of lung cancer is non small cell lung carcinoma  . NSCLC constitutes 75% of primary lung cancers and are comprised of large cell undifferentiated carcinomas, squamous carcinomas, and adenocarcinomas.
Cooling towers are heat rejection devices used in industrial settings to efficiently cool building water systems without the use of chemical refrigerants. Cooling towers provide a unique environment for microbial growth and dissemination . Many traditional water treatment chemicals, eg antiscalants and zinc based corrosion inhibitors, provide nutrients that accelerate the growth of microbes in the towers .
Early pharmacological based studies suggested the existence of at leastjust two receptors for cysteinyl leukotrienes  and these speculations were later confirmed with the cloning of the CysLT1 and 2 receptors . The CysLT1 receptor is expressed prominently on airway smooth muscle cells, mediates bronchospasm, and is the target of current leukotriene receptor antagonists. Neither of these receptors binds LTE4 with clinically relevant affinity .
In the past, most of medical schools’ curricula were based on the traditional model of teaching in which education activities were reduced to a transfer of information . Lectures represented the major and sometimes only venue to transfer information from content expert to student. Often students relied on memorization and became overly focused on a short term objective “What do I have to know to pass the exam?” Usage of ARS technologies has been growing in popularity in higher education settings over the last 15 years .
A central tenet of cancer biology states that cancer is clonal, with tumors arising as the result of expansion of increasingly dysregulated cells. Aberrant epigenetic events, including DNA hypermethylation induced gene silencing, are well recognized as important contributors to carcinogenesis. Methylation associated gene silencing occurs when certain cytosines in specific clustered regions primarily located in gene promoters are hypermethylated.
Proper adherence to a treatment plan, especially taking medication regularly and as prescribed is a common clinical challenge for both patients and clinicians. Medication adherence is generally defined as the extent to which patients take medications as prescribed by their health care providers . Importantly, some studies have shown that people who were acutely or persistently depressed tended to over report their treatment nonadherence, compared to those who were in remission from depression, and those who were not depressed .
Bmi1, a member of the mammalian polycomb group of multimeric transcriptional repressors, is involved in the regulation of development, stem cell self renewal, cell cycle, and senescence . Bmi1 was first identified as a c myc cooperating oncogene in murine B cell lymphomas . Subsequent studies have revealed that Bmi1 is required by both normal and leukemic hematopoietic stem cells to maintain their proliferative capacity .
The psychoactive properties of cannabis have been recognized since early time and today, it remains the most widely used illicit drug globally. Despite the possible stigma and legal issues associated with its use, Cannabis sativa has been widely used as a herbal remedy over the centuries for the treatment of various conditions such as migraine, spasticity, nausea and vomiting as well as a magnitude of other disorders. The search for the active ingredients of the plant led to the first identification of its main psychoactive ingredient, δ 9 tetrahydrocannabinol , and the subsequent development of cannabinoid medications .
Ordered progression through the eukaryotic cell cycle depends on mechanisms that tie the abundance and activity of critical regulatory molecules to the events of DNA replication and cellular division. One of the most pervasive of these mechanisms is ubiquitin  mediated proteolysis, a process in which covalent attachment of Ub to target proteins signals their destruction by the 26S proteasome. Despite the biological importance of cell cycle regulated proteolysis, techniques to study this phenomenon are limited.
Unlike mammals, adult teleost fish like zebrafish, are able to regenerate a damaged central nervous system and therefore provide a good model for investigating mechanisms underlying neuronal repair. These observations, combined with reports that Müller glia in postnatal chicks and rodents have a limited capacity to regenerate neurons following retinal injury , implicated Müller glia as a source of retinal progenitors that participate in repair of damaged retinas . Based on previous success in mice, we chose to use CreERT2/LoxP recombination system for this purpose  .
Malignant gliomas, including anaplastic astrocytoma  grade III) and glioblastoma multiforme  are among the most devastating malignancies. Maximal surgical resection of the tumor mass followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy is the standard of care. Despite expression of certain neural and other stem cell markers  by brain tumor stem cells, the definition of cancer stem cells remains functional, requiring sustained self renewal and tumor propagation.
Preterm birth is the major cause of neonatal mortality and morbidity worldwide, yet the underlying etiologies remain poorly understood . Preterm labor is a syndrome diagnosed in the presence of increased uterine contractility, cervical ripening, and/or membrane rupture or activation, which may occur in response to multiple pathological processes. During pregnancy, intrauterine infections begin in the decidua, extend to the amnion and chorion and finally reach the amniotic cavity and the fetus .
The patient centered medical home  is a model of care that advocates believe is central to achieving the “triple aim” of improving health, controlling costs, and enhancing patient experience in primary care. A growing body of literature has demonstrated the benefits of patients taking an active role in their health care. The concept is an important aspect of patient centeredness, one of the six fundamental aims of a high performing health system.
Induction of efficient long term immune memory is the aim of all vaccine protocols. Costimulatory molecules play a critical role in initiating and maintaining optimal immune responses . In a study employing APCs with decreased costimulatory capacity , higher peptide concentrations were required to induce proliferation of naïve T cells than were required for effector/memory T cells.
The sulphydryl containing amino acid, cysteine plays an important role in intermediary metabolism in the heart. In premature and new born infants, cysteine is considered to be an essential dietary component . In adults cysteine is obtained from dietary sources, proteolysis and methionine catabolism .
Acute myeloid leukaemia  represents a biologically and clinically heterogeneous disorder characterised by a clonal expansion of haematopoietic progenitor cells blocked in their maturation. The remaining cytogenetically normal AML  can be subdivided based on molecular markers, such as mutations in the genes encoding the FLT3 receptor, C/EBPα, NPM1, IDH1 and IDH2, C KIT, RAS or WT1. Constituting some of the most frequent mutations found in CN AML, mutations in the FLT3 gene generally associate with an inferior outcome.
It is widely believed that somatic as well as germline mutations play important roles in the origin and progression of colorectal cancers . Many genes have been investigated for mutation to elucidate mechanisms of colorectal cancer development, with these investigations demonstrating the involvement of mutations in colorectal carcinogenesis and progression. reported that PIK3CA, a catalytic subunit of the class IA phosphatidylinositol 3 kinases, was somatically mutated in 32% of colorectal cancers, resulting in the attenuation of apoptosis and facilitated tumor invasion.
Engrailed  is a homeodomain containing transcriptional regulator that has an important role in nervous system development. It is found ubiquitously in bilaterian animals, indicating that it arose more than 500 million years ago, in the Cambrian era . En was first identified in Drosophila, where it was shown to play a crucial part in the early patterning of body segments and limbs ; it was subsequently found also to have a role in vertebrate limb development  .
High plasma triglyceride  concentration is an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease , particularly in women, who have a two  to three fold greater relative risk for CVD associated with an increase in plasma TG concentration than men . Therefore, interventions that decrease or prevent an increase in plasma TG concentrations might be important in reducing CVD, especially in women. Aerobic exercise lowers plasma TG concentration  and this might, at least in part, provide a mechanism for the cardioprotective effect of regular, endurance type physical activity .
With advancing age, adults experience a decline in appetite and food intake , and in the extreme could lead to severe weight loss and malnutrition . Undesired weight loss may involve social, psychological, and medical issues . If weight loss goes untreated, it generally has detrimental outcomes  including increased number of falls, injuries from falls, and mortality .
MicroRNAs  are 21 24 nucleotide RNA molecules that regulate the translational efficiency and stability of target messenger RNAs . Despite this significant progress in miRNA identification, the biological roles of most miRNAs remain to be characterized . Furthermore, miRNA expression signatures are not only highly characteristic of specific cancer subtypes and therefore useful for tumor classification, but also have been associated with prognosis, staging, and response to therapy.
HTR2C is a widely investigated serotonin receptor . This SNP is known to lead to a substitution of serine for cysteine at codon 23 , and is constitutively more active than the Cys23 G allele . Specifically, Ser23 C allele hemizygotes  had two fold larger increases in plasma cortisol during recall of situations that made them angry or sad compared to those carrying the Cys23 G allele.
HIV associated neurologic disorders  are characterized by a spectrum of central nervous system  complications. Based on disease progression, HAND can range from asymptomatic neurocognitive impairment  to minor neurocognitive disorder  to the more severe HIV associated dementia . Highly active antiretroviral therapy  has deceased the frequency of HAD, but HAND is still common: more than 50 % of HIV infected persons receiving HAART demonstrate milder HAND syndromes , including ANI and MND.
The prevalence of overweight and obesity is increasing and has doubled worldwide since 1980. In 2010, approximately 35% of adult women in the United States were obese. Women of childbearing age are at particularly high risk for significant weight gain during their reproductive years.
Cancer cells are characterized by metabolic alterations and the tumor microenvironment is often marked with impaired blood flow and hypoxia, all of which can elicit endoplasmic reticulum  stress. Tumor cells adapt to these adverse conditions by activating the unfolded protein response , with induction of GRP78 as a major pro survival arm of the UPR signaling pathways . Genetically altered GRP78 mouse models further demonstrated the critical role of GRP78 in cancer in vivo.
Ischemia/reperfusion injury  involves the transient deprivation of blood flow and oxygen followed by the return of blood flow during reperfusion. Liver IRI and subsequent dysfunction or failure occurs in many clinical settings including transplantation surgery, tissue resections or hemorrhagic shock . Liver IRI has been reported to cause up to 10% of early organ dysfunction, leading to increased rates of acute and chronic rejection .
The establishment of the vertebrate body plan during embryogenesis results from a series of exquisite and tightly controlled cell polarization and cell migration events during gastrulation . Wnt proteins comprise a large family of secreted glycoproteins with conserved functions from invertebrates to vertebrates . For non canonical Wnt signaling, the Wnt signal is transduced via the Wnt receptor Frizzled  to the cytoplasmic protein Dishevelled , and this pathway regulates cell movement during gastrulation via modification of the actin cytoskeleton .
During vascular development, smooth muscle cells are initially highly proliferative, then become quiescent and express proteins that allow the cells to assume a highly contractive phenotype. Unlike cardiac or skeletal muscle, smooth muscle cells are not terminally differentiated; instead these cells maintain plasticity where they can alternate between a contractile, “quiescent” state and a highly proliferative, “synthetic” state . This phenotypic modulation is critical for smooth muscle cells to respond to pathophysiological stresses.
Anorexia nervosa  and bulimia nervosa  are separate disorders in the DSM IV TR, although their diagnostic boundaries are far from stable . We apply behavioral genetic methods to determine the extent to which this partially overlapping symptom picture could be attributable to shared genetic or environmental factors . AN is marked by low weight; however, provisions are made for the presence of bulimic symptoms in the binge purge subtype .
The aryl hydrocarbon receptor  is a ligand activated transcription factor  that is well characterized for mediating the carcinogenic responses to environmental polyaromatic hydrocarbons , such as 2,3,7,8 tetrachloro dibenzo p dioxin  . It is a member of the basic helix loop helix /PAS family of heterodimeric transcriptional regulators. This heterodimer binds to a set of co activators and/or co repressors and the resulting complex interacts with consensus regulatory sequences  located in the promoter of PAH responsive genes such as CYP1A1, and enhances their transcription .
A remarkable problem in molecular neurobiology is how an ORN activates one of a large family of odor receptor genes, while simultaneously repressing all the others. The problem of receptor gene choice is faced by animals ranging from insects to mammals . The Drosophila genome contains 60 Or  genes, and each ORN expresses one or a small number of them.
The low density lipoprotein receptor  related protein 1  is a large endocytic receptor that belongs to the LDLR family. LRP1 binds and endocytoses over 30 structurally and functionally distinct ligands, including apolipoprotein, proteinases, proteinase inhibitor complexes, and extracellular matrix proteins such as matrix metalloproteinases  and urokinase type plasminogen activator  . We further showed that LRP1 promotes cancer cell migration and invasion by inducing the expression of matrix metalloproteinase  2 and 9 .
Considerable effort has been directed towards developing fast and effective ligand docking algorithms applicable to drug discovery and design  . Among commonly used virtual screening approaches are docking based techniques that prioritize the testing compounds by predicting the binding mode for a query compound  ; this is followed by the prediction of binding affinity  . To achieve satisfactory performance, most ligand docking approaches typically require high resolution structural information on a potential target receptor, preferably in the ligand bound conformational state .
As a critical component in the multi level regulation of gene expression, nuclear receptors  have been considered the Rosetta Stone of physiology , as they recognize hormonal, environmental, and dietary signals, and elicit individual physiological responses by altering transcription . NRs can function as monomers, homodimers, or heterodimers; many NRs interact with RXR, a common heterodimer partner  . Since the cloning of the glucocorticoid receptor in 1985 , new members have been constantly added to the NR superfamily with the various sequencing and annotation projects, providing valuable information on transcriptional regulation and evolution of the animal kingdom .
Type 1 diabetes  is an autoimmune disease characterized by immunocyte infiltration of the pancreatic islets  and destruction of the insulin secreting β cells. The MHC  contributes the largest genetic risk as it does in humans and in the NOD mouse. In rats, this is the HLA DQB1 homolog, RT1 B, specifically the RT1u haplotype .
The electrostatic interaction is crucial for the structural, functional, and dynamic properties of biomolecules. When the PBE is applied to model biomolecular electrostatics, a significant challenge is how to obtain accurate solution of the PBE efficiently given the limited memory and speed of today’s computer servers because a typical biomolecule consists of tens of thousands to millions of atoms. Many efforts have been invested to develop methods to obtain numerical solution of the PBE accurately and efficiently.
Cigarette smoke has been reported to contain well over 4000 chemicals, at least 81 of which have been classified as carcinogens by the International Agency for Research on Cancer , including the known carcinogens 4  1  1 butanone , which is present in cigarettes at a range of concentrations up to 500 ng per cigarette , and benzopyrene P), which is present in the range of 3.36 to 40 ng per cigarette . These values are far higher than the reported levels of either NNK or BP. Previous mutagenesis work by another group indicated that 3MI was not mutagenic in a TA100 Salmonella reverse mutation assay using rat liver S9 .
The incidence of abdominal aortic aneurysm  is on the increase with approximately 150,000 new cases diagnosed in the US each year . Currently, the trend is to use the maximum diameter criterion , where AAAs that reach or exceed 5  5.5 cm in maximum diameter are deemed a rupture risk, and subsequently repaired. However, recent research has questioned the effectiveness of this method  as it has been reported that smaller AAAs can rupture  and also larger AAAs may remain stable for the rest of the patients life .
There is an increasing appreciation of the essential roles of lipids in cellular metabolism and signaling that has replaced the notion that lipids only function as an energy reservoir or structural components for cells. Generally, lipids are not static but change dynamically during normal metabolism or in response to cellular stimuli. Lipids turn over and are biosynthetically remodeled during cell cycle or undergo chemical restructuring to new lipid species with altered properties that serve as bioactive mediators in various signaling pathways.
hMATE1 , encoded by SLC47A1, is a newly identified organic cation/H+ exchanger expressed in the apical membrane of renal tubule cells and the canalicular membrane of hepatocytes. hMATE1 has been shown to mediate the cellular uptake of structurally diverse small molecular weight organic cations such as tetraethylammonium , N methylpyridinium, metformin, paraquat and oxaliplatin. hMATE2 K , the paralog of hMATE1, is specifically expressed in the kidney and interacts with various organic cations with a substrate specificity overlapping that of hMATE1.
Despite a critical role in the control of human fertility, the mechanisms regulating human oocyte maturation are not well characterized. In model organisms, accumulation of critical cell cycle regulatory proteins during oocyte meiotic maturation depends upon the regulated translation of maternally derived mRNAs . The maternal mRNA encoding the Mos proto oncogene is subject to tight translational regulation in oocytes from a variety of vertebrate species.
HSV 2 is the major cause of genital herpes, one of the most common sexually transmitted infections worldwide and a significant risk factor of HIV acquisition . In the US, 17% of people are seropositive for HSV 2 and 58% are seropositive for HSV 1 . Elsewhere, the seroprevalence rate is much higher, reaching 95% in some populations of HIV infected persons and female sex workers .
ERG recordings are used widely in the clinical evaluation of human retinal disorders  and in animal models expressing mutations that result in retinal abnormalities . Among various animal models, rodents, especially mouse, have increasingly become one of the main choices for study, owing to the large repositories of mouse lines with genetic defects, as well as advances in genetics and transgenic technology. However, although the rod pathway is very similar in rodent and primate retinas , there are distinct differences in cone signal processing.
Blood transfusion is performed to augment oxygen carrying capacity, since allogeneic transfusion is not always available and can result in transmission of infectious and immunologic diseases, allergic, alloimmune and other adverse events. The “transfusion trigger” or minimal hematocrit  or Hb level at which transfusion is required is a subject of controversy. In some situations the concept of a set “transfusion trigger” has been replaced by a functional parameter monitoring for inadequate tissue O2 delivery on a case by case basis.
Genetic abnormality is responsible for a wide range of human diseases including cancer. Gene therapy holds great promise in treating cancer because the gene product can be chosen to cause cell death in cancer cells while being benign to healthy cells. Despite the promising utility, advances in technology have been limited due to the difficulty in finding delivery vectors with and optimal balance between safety and efficacy.
Atherosclerosis is characterized by chronic oxidative stress and inflammatory changes in the vascular tissue. Of note, LOX 1 is an NF κB and AP 1 responsive gene , indicating that in addition to signaling via LOX 1, OxLDL can also upregulate its expression, resulting in positive amplification in its pro inflammatory and pro apoptotic signaling. In cardiomyocytes, induction of TRAF3IP2 expression by angiotensin II was dependent on Nox2 dependent superoxide generation .
By the end of 2007, the number of people living with HIV  in China was estimated to be 700,000 . Between 1996 and 2004, the national prevalence of HIV rose from 0.02% to 0.93% among female sex workers  and from 1.95% to 6.48% among IDUs. Public health efforts are now primarily concerned with preventing the secondary transmission of HIV from these core groups to the general population.
A biochemical coagulopathy is part of the clinical spectrum of sickle cell anemia . These abnormalities persist in “steady state” between acute events, and they are accentuated during acute vasooclusive crisis . We previously examined transgenic sickle mice  for expression of tissue factor  by the vascular endothelium.
Although there are positive physical and psychological benefits of physical activity, a majority of the population does not participate in physical activity at the recommended levels . One challenge in clinical trials is obtaining accurate measures of behavior  while balancing participant and staff burden. It also is important to demonstrate the validity of accelerometry and different methods in intervention trials  .
The steroid hormone 17β estradiol , acting through estrogen receptors , plays an important role in development and progression of breast cancer . Acting through ERs, E2 regulates transcription of responsive genes, some of which control cell proliferation and apoptosis . Tamoxifen , an anti estrogen, reduces breast cancer recurrence and mortality in women with ER positive tumors .
Vision plays an important role in the ability of people to process information from their environment and to participate in many everyday activities such as reading, working at home or in the office, walking, driving, and interacting with others. People with visual impairment may face challenges completing these activities, which in some cases may lead to depression, social isolation, and difficulties at home, in school, or at work. We previously reported on significant associations between visual impairment, including visual acuity and visual field loss, and health related quality of Life  in the Los Angeles Latino Eye Study , a population based study of adults.
Outcome prediction of patients who are in a locked in state is challenging. Extensive pontine infarction on diffusion weighted imaging MRI  has been proposed as a poor prognosticator. We report on three patients with a locked in state with unexpected favorable recoveries despite DWI evidence of widespread pontine ischemia .
In human studies, research has clearly demonstrated a link between alcohol consumption and stress with those individuals that experience higher levels of stress exhibiting higher levels of alcohol consumption . Stress, either an internal or environmental event, disrupts homeostasis via an activation of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal  axis, which leads to the rapid secretion of corticotropin releasing hormone  and ultimate release of glucocorticoids such as corticosterone  in the rodent . Disruptions in HPA axis function are believed to influence alcohol self administration , and alcohol itself increases brain levels of CRH and plasma levels of CORT , thereby activating the HPA axis.
Organ dysfunction in the critically ill is assuming an increasing level of importance, both as a primary outcome marker in clinical trials and as a quality indicator for patients in the intensive care unit . Thus the use of primary outcome measures other than mortality, such as organ failure, assume an even greater role in both the design of clinical trials and in measuring quality of care in PICUs . Thus reported incidence of MODS in children admitted to PICUs varies from 11%56% and reported mortality from MODS varies from 11%57%.
Mechanical loading plays a critical role in bone remodeling, and unloading due to bed rest and weightlessness in space reduces bone mass and structural strength . The β catenin dependent Wnt signaling plays an important role in bone formation  and fracture healing . RhoA is a member of the Rho family of GTPases, which encode fundamental cellular processes such as cell differentiation, migration, as well as the assembly and organization of the actin cytoskeleton .
Engineered nanomaterials  are a large variety of particles with at least one dimension in the 1100 nm range. Multi walled carbon nanotubes , in particular, possess properties, such as high surface area and tensile strength, that make them very attractive for technological and biomedical product development . Results from studies assessing the safety of ENM indicate that significant lung pathologies can arise following exposure to these materials .
Hb adducts are used for biomonitoring of toxicant exposure in human epidemiological studies  and to elucidate the relative contributions of different metabolic pathways in cases where a toxicant can yield multiple reactive metabolites . Hb interaction with reactive metabolites can also provide insight into the interactions of reactive metabolites with other proteins in target tissues of toxicity . TCE, an occupational hazard and environmental contaminant, is listed in the Eleventh Report on Carcinogens as “reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen” .
Controlled regulation of homeobox HOX cluster genes is critical for normal proliferation and differentiation in embryogenesis. During hematopoiesis, HOXA genes are transcribed at high levels in hematopoietic stem cells and immature progenitor cells, and their expression is downregulated upon differentiation and maturation . HOXA9 and HOXA10 are overexpressed in the majority of human acute myeloid leukemias  .
Chronic liver diseases  are an important cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States  nearly 150,000 persons are diagnosed with CLD annually , and 36,000 patients die of CLD, primarily attributable to complications of decompensated cirrhosis and/or hepatocellular cancer., Cirrhosis results from progressive hepatic fibrosis, a maladaptive response to chronic hepatocyte injury. The gold standard for the diagnosis and staging of fibrosis is liver biopsy. Because of these limitations, several non invasive imaging based methods of staging liver fibrosis have been developed.
The relationship between the biomechanical behavior of naturally occurring extracellular matrix  scaffolds and the remodeling of these scaffolds in vivo is not fully understood. Ideally, a scaffold would closely mimic the mechanical behavior of the tissue that it is intended to replace . The mechanical properties of an ECM scaffold are largely a function of the collagen fiber alignment and kinematics of the material, which in turn regulate the behavior of cells that migrate to the site of ECM remodeling.
An increase of substances abuse prevalence in Brazilian youths has been observed in the last few years. Results obtained in the First Household Survey on Psychotropic Substances Use, conducted by the Center for Psychotropic Substances Information  indicate that 19.4% of the population between 1265 years of age have lifetime use of a psychoactive drug other than alcohol or tobacco. Prior surveys of adolescents conducted in the ten most populous cities in Brazil in 1987, 1989, 1993, and 1997 reveal an increasing prevalence of substance abuse.
The ability to sort cells from heterogeneous population and to study them at the single cell level provides unique opportunities for drug discovery and for understanding signaling pathways in disease . Monoclonal antibodies  are a rapidly growing class of human therapeutics with a market size of roughly $78 billion in 2012 . Conventional mAb production involves fusing splenocytes from immunized mice with an immortalized myeloma cell line.
Activation of T cells required the integration of signals from a minimum of two receptors: in naïve T cells, these signals are generally provided by an antigen dependent signal through the T cell receptor   combined with an antigen independent signal through CD28 . If TCR signals are received in the absence of costimulatory signals, T cells are not activated and instead enter an anergic state, in which they are refractory to further stimulation even when both TCR and CD28 signals are subsequently given together. TCR/CD28 signaling initiates a cascade of events, starting with tyrosine phosphorylation of CD3/ζ chains by Src family kinases and recruitment of Syk family tyrosine kinases .
Immunotoxins are antibody toxin chimeric proteins targeted to kill cancer cells . However, there is a significant difference in the intracellular route taken by each toxin. DT uses the low pH of endosomes to escape from this organelle to the cytosol .
There is a growing literature on how combining information from different senses may enhance perceptual performance. Many  behavioral studies of multisensory integration have used relatively intense suprathreshold stimuli, hence could not test for near threshold detection sensitivity . Given PoIE proposals that multisensory benefits should arise particularly in near threshold detection for low intensity stimuli, we focused on d’ for lower   intensity visual stimuli when co occurring with a sound or alone .
The unique antibody repertoire development in rabbits  has been exploited for the generation of polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies with exceptionally high avidity, affinity, and specificity . This cross reactivity along with the demonstration that rabbit monoclonal antibodies can be humanized has raised an interest in utilizing rabbit monoclonal antibodies for therapeutic applications . A rabbit monoclonal antibody format of particular interest is the chimeric rabbit/human Fab which consist of rabbit variable domains VH and Vκ and human constant domains Cγ11 and Cκ ; .
In response to infection, B and T cells undergo rapid proliferation and subsequent differentiation leading to the generation of effector cells that successfully combat the infection. Immediate early genes are rapidly induced  and their induction does not require new protein synthesis. Genes included within this category are c fos and Egr 1.
The amygdala plays an essential role in emotional learning and memory, which is investigated extensively using pavlovian fear conditioning. The basolateral amygdalar complex , which comprises the lateral, basal, and basomedial nuclei, is a key site where the CS US association occurs . Results suggest that disruption of fibers of passage through the CeA is responsible for deficits in conditioned fear expression .
Consider four HIV negative men living in New York City: Ben, Darryl, Greg, and John. Greg reports four UAI acts with his HIV negative main partner. From an epidemiological perspective, each man engaged in four high risk sex acts, i.e., four acts of unprotected anal sex.
Although prolactin  is critical for physiologic development and differentiation of the mammary gland, its role in breast cancer remains poorly understood. Small early clinical studies and species differences in the sites of expression of this cytokine/ hormone, which include the mammary gland itself in women , obscured its role in the human disease. However, recent epidemiologic studies and experimental models have pointed to an important role for PRL in the development and progression of breast cancer .
The tongue plays a key role in both sensory and motor aspects of the oral stage of swallowing, particularly for preparing, forming, manipulating, and transporting the bolus. Sensory receptors in the mouth, including those on the surface of the tongue, are thought to transmit information about bolus characteristics to higher cortical centers , so that the motor program for swallowing can be tailored appropriately to properties such as viscosity . It is therefore of interest to understand the sensory function of the tongue for tasks that may be relevant for detecting differences in the flow characteristics of swallowing, in particular, sensory tasks that require motor behaviours of the tongue to explore, squeeze or move a bolus in order to ascertain its flow properties.
Chlamydia trachomatis is the most common sexually transmitted bacterial pathogen in the world and infection can lead to pelvic inflammatory disease and infertility in women. However, multiple host pathogen recognition receptors that can induce IFNβ expression during viral infection  have been identified. These include the RNA sensors, RIG I  and MDA5  , which recognize viral RNA and signal via the adaptor MAVS  to induce IFNβ expression .
There is growing evidence that constitutive as well as somatically acquired alterations in TGF β signaling are associated with colorectal cancer risk and disease progression. Germline mutations of the SMAD4 and BMPR1A genes are associated with juvenile polyposis  and common and functionally relevant alleles of SMAD7 influence colorectal cancer risk . There is also evidence that loss of SMAD signaling in human colorectal cancer is associated with advanced disease and poor prognosis .
Psychologists, economists and policy makers are interested in how early inputs in the life cycle affect later productivity . Children’s psychological problems  or exposure to abuse  impact functioning decades later in adulthood. The repeated aggression can be either direct  or relational with the intent to damage relationships  .
Consensus statements recommend that interdisciplinary family meetings occur for all ICU patients within five days of admission and include discussions about patient values, prognosis, and the options of comfort care or withdrawing life support when death is possible. However, whether surrogates of critically ill patients are offered comfort care as a treatment option depends primarily on whether their physician believes life support should be withheld or withdrawn., Previous work has documented that physicians are reluctant to discuss outcomes for critically ill patients in the face of prognostic uncertainty, and frequently do not ask surrogates about patient values. How physicians decide whether to discuss withdrawing life support as an option under these circumstances is unclear .
Hepatocellular carcinoma  is the most common primary malignant tumor of the liver and a major cause of death among patients with cirrhosis . Management of HCC is complicated by the challenge of treating late stage cancer in the setting of advanced liver disease. Over the past 20 years, the use of a multimodality therapy approach for HCC has improved overall 5 year survival from 7% to around 50%.
Head and neck lymphedema  is a common side effect of head and neck cancer  treatment. It has been estimated that more than 50% of treated HNC patients will develop some degree of HNL., HNL is characterized by swelling resulting from the blockage of normal drainage pathways in the lymphatic system. Although the etiology of HNL varies, common causes include surgery that removes lymph nodes, or impairment of lymphatic vessel contractility  associated with radiation therapy or surgery.
Neuronal monoamine transporters are targeted by a myriad of currently employed therapeutic drugs, such as antidepressants, as well as widely abused illicit drugs such as the psychostimulant cocaine. While it is generally accepted that inhibition of DAT function—resulting in a sustained increase in perisynaptic dopamine levels—underlies the behaviorally rewarding effects of cocaine, a number of other potent DAT inhibiting compounds do not share cocaine’s notorious abuse liability , even if they too elicit significant increases in extracellular dopamine concentration . For example, the highly selective dopamine uptake inhibitor GBR12909 has greater affinity for the DAT than cocaine, but does not share cocaine’s behavioral profile and high abuse potential .
Alterations in intracellular Ca2+ concentration  are fundamental transduction elements in cell signalling. There are two major classes of CaV channels; the Low  and the High Voltage Activated  channels. However, distinguishing macroscopic currents among CaV3.2 and the other two CaV3 members , requires a detailed analysis of specific parameters already described for recombinant channels such as recovery from inactivation , and/or their sensitivity to chemical compounds.
Hematopoiesis in normal hosts is tightly regulated in order to maintain daily blood cell turnover among different lineages . During bacterial infection, however, the equilibrium of hematopoiesis is altered, whereby granulopoiesis becomes predominant with inhibition of other lineage  development . It is well known that all types of blood cells are derived from hematopoietic stem cells.
An increasing body of evidence indicates that cytochrome P 450  dependent metabolites of arachidonic acid, including epoxyeicosatrienoic acids , play an important role in regulation of cardiovascular and renal functions . Numerous independent studies have shown that increasing bioavailability of EETs in tissues by preventing their degradation to the biologically inactive dihydroxyeicosatrienoic acids  employing soluble epoxide hydrolase  inhibition has antihypertensive effects . Though, c AUCB significantly increased the intrarenal availability of biologically active EETs in TGR, detailed analyses of the results of this study made us propose that the antihypertensive action of sEH inhibition in TGR is predominantly mediated by suppression of systemic and intrarenal renin angiotensin system  .
Embryonic stem  cells have the potential to replace tissues lost by injury, disease, or normal aging if lineage differentiation can be controlled. Replicating the intrinsic and extrinsic factors influencing fate choice provides one possible method toward obtaining the specific phenotype of interest for stem cell therapies. Regeneration of SGN does not occur endogenously.
Approximately half of the species in the moss family Splachnaceae are entomophilous, having their spores dispersed by flies . The sporophytes of all entomophilous species so far examined release volatile chemicals that attract flies . Sporophyte odour in the Splachnaceae is novel among mosses, with both visual and olfactory cues appearing integral to fly attraction .
Primary infection with influenza virus results in a localized pulmonary infection and inflammation, and elicits an influenza specific CD8+ T cell immune response that is necessary for viral clearance . These CD8+ T cells are thought to control virus infections by killing influenza infected pulmonary cells using perforin  and Fas dependent mechanisms . When Fas−/− or perforin−/− mice were infected with influenza virus in the absence of CD4+ T cells, viral titers persisted for an additional 3 days beyond controls but virus was eventually cleared .
The HER2/neu  gene is amplified in approximately 25% of breast cancers . Gene amplification results in overexpression of the HER2 protein which is associated with an aggressive clinical course to include a shorter disease free interval after adjuvant therapy and decreased overall survival  . Trastuzumab has been shown to improve survival in patients with metastatic HER2 positive breast cancer  as well as in patients with earlier stage disease.
Although invasive intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms  of the pancreas is thought to be more indolent than sporadic pancreatic adenocarcinoma , the natural history remains poorly defined. We compare survival and identify prognostic factors following resection for invasive IPMN vs. stage matched PAC . The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results  database  was utilized to identify 729 patients with invasive IPMN and 8082 patients with PAC who underwent surgical resection .
Identification of microdeletion syndromes began with the recognition that syndromic phenotypes are often associated with mental retardation. Our ability to detect chromosomal microdeletion syndromes is evolving and is greatly enhanced by the use of more advanced molecular technologies especially the use of microarrays . The 3q29 syndrome was first described by  in 6 patients that presented with mild to moderate mental retardation, with only slightly dysmorphic facial features similar in most of these patients: a long and narrow face, short philtrum, and high nasal bridge.
Obesity and its co morbidities have reached epidemic proportions . Consumption of high calorie foods is proposed as a major factor contributing to the wide spread development of obesity . Importantly, food intake is driven not only by energy demands, termed “homeostatic” feeding, but also by the hedonic gratification associated with eating a preferred food, referred to as “non homeostatic” feeding .
Thiazolidinediones , including rosiglitazone and pioglitazone , are used widely to improve insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes. Recent studies have demonstrated that TZDs also reduce AngII induced abdominal aortic aneurysm  development in apoE −/− mice. , Currently, it has not been defined whether the beneficial effects of TZDs are attributable to PPARγ agonism in a specific cell type.
Accurate measurement of cancer preventive behaviors is important for assessing quality of medical care, conducting descriptive and interventional research studies, monitoring progress toward national goals, and determining public policies. Data from insurance claims and medical records have been found to have high concordance for certain procedures such as colonoscopy ; however, relatively lower levels of agreement between medical record review and patient self report have been found in the documentation of diabetes care, cardiovascular disease care, cancer screening, and counseling or referral to additional services . Therefore, medical records are frequently used as the data source for assessing quality of medical care and conducting health services research in community settings.
