Many research studies include weight and height as primary outcomes. Although having trained personnel conduct direct measurements of body weight and height using research quality equipment and standardized techniques is considered the “gold standard” in research, financial and/or logistical considerations  frequently preclude the application of this gold standard. Previous investigations have found good concordance between measured and self reported height and weight among youth  and adults .
Recognition of the morbidity and premature mortality associated with mental disorders has prompted attempts to increase access to treatment and opportunities for early detection among children . Although MH issues commonly present in primary care, primary care providers  typically receive limited training in their diagnosis and treatment . Most PCPs expand their expertise over the course of their careers through consultation and collaboration with specialists.
Saphenous vein grafts have been established as the gold standard conduit for lower extremity bypass grafting . Conventionally, the great saphenous vein  is typically harvested via a long continuous or “skip” incisions that may extend from the groin to the ankle, before its use as an arterial conduit. This approach however is associated with significant morbidities including surgical site infections, ischemic skin flaps, fat necrosis, lymph leak, increased postoperative pain and longer hospital stay for as many as 24% to 43% of patients  .
In vivo evidence of cerebral amyloid angiopathy  was limited until the introduction of gradient echo T2*  weighted magnetic resonance  imaging, which remains the clinical standard for detection of brain microbleeds  which often result from CAA . SWI is an advance in T2* weighted brain MR imaging that enhances contrast from local susceptibility tissue variations . At 1.5T, the SWI sequence was found to be fourfold more sensitive for detection of traumatic BMB than conventional GRE T2* and recent data in mild cognitive impairment subjects indicates again at least a fourfold increase in BMB recognition by SWI compared to conventional GRE T2* imaging  .
Neutrophils, through their ability to be rapidly recruited to tissues and deploy adiverse array of antimicrobial effector mechanisms, are essential for the clearance of manybacterial pathogens. This commences with immune ‘sensing’ ofpathogens by tissue resident cells followed by activation of the vascular endothelium andneutrophil extravasation from the bloodstream, and finally initiation of neutrophilantimicrobial functions,  . The current paradigm of neutrophil recruitment is described by a well definedseries of steps that occur within post capillary venules, .
p38 is one of the major MAP kinases, which regulates multiple biological processes in mammals . It was initially identified as a key mediator of inflammation and stress responses. In response to DNA damage, eukaryotic cells undergo proliferative arrest to allow DNA repair, which is crucial for maintaining genome stability and preventing tumorigenesis .
The reversible formation of disulfide bonds between cysteine residues is increasingly recognized as an important mechanism for the regulation of protein function. These post translational modifications can modulate the activity of a wide range of proteins, including transcription factors, kinases, metabolic enzymes and membrane channels, , , , , , . Organisms ranging from bacteria to humans control the formation of protein disulfides in the cytosol through the action of the glutathione and thioredoxin redox systems, .
Several research groups have initiated efforts to use computational approaches to investigate intrinsic disorder within integral membrane proteins   that include voltage gated potassium channels , notch pathway proteins , single pass membrane proteins from humans , and plasma membrane proteins in humans and in bacteria such as E. coli . IDPs and IDRs are highly abundant in nature and the overall amount of disorder in proteins increases from bacteria to archaea to eukaryota , . Even in the Protein Data Bank , which is highly selective for structured proteins, only approximately 30% of crystal structures are completely devoid of disorder, with the remaining structures exhibiting IDRs of various lengths.
Cancer is largely a disease affecting older adults . Seventy two percent of cancer survivors are 60 years of age and older . Cancer treatments lead to a number of side effects in older adults including cancer related fatigue and global side effect burden .
Infection with the parasite Trypanosoma cruzi causes Chagas disease. The important manifestations of clinical Chagas disease are acute myocarditis and chronic dilated cardiomyopathy. Chagas disease is endemic in many areas of Latin America, affecting ~20 million infected people.
Normal pregnancy is associated with dramatic increases in placental blood flow, which is directly correlated with fetal growth and survival as well as neonatal birth weights and survivability . Several lines of evidence have shown that VEGF and FGF2 promote angiogenesis and production of the potent vasodilator nitric oxide  in placentas, implicating critical roles of VEGF and FGF2 in placental angiogenesis and vasodilatation  . ERK1/2, a threonine/tyrosine kinase, is one major target of MAPK kinase 1/2 , while AKT1 and p38 MAPK, two serine/threonine kinases, are primarily activated by PI3K and MAPK kinase 3/6 , respectively.
Alzheimer’s disease  is the most common cause of dementia in mid to late life. One promising approach are anti amyloid therapies, based on the hypothesis that increased amyloid beta  deposits in the brain is a major underlying cause of the pathology of AD . demonstrated that active immunization of transgenic mice with Aβ peptides leading to circulating anti AB antibodies and prevention of Aβ deposition .
Inflammation and cancer have been linked in numerous studies , yet the mechanistic basis for this relationship remains unknown. Among these reactive species are superoxide, hydrogen peroxide and HOCl— the latter generated by myeloperoxidase from activated neutrophils . Of the halogenated uracils, ClU is arguably the most likely product of inflammation mediated damage.
Major histocompatibility complex class I and II molecules play a vital role in initiating immune responses by presenting peptide antigens to CD8 and CD4 T lymphocytes respectively. More recent research however has shown that MHC II is not exclusively expressed by these populations and can be found on non APC subsets, such as activated T lymphocytes  and basal vascular endothelial cells . Although a substantial amount of research assessing the functional relevance of MHC II expression on non APCs has been conducted its precise role on these cells remains unresolved.
Brugada syndrome  is characterized by an electrocardiographic pattern of ST segment elevation in the right precordial leads and an increased risk of sudden cardiac death. BrS has been associated with cardiac sodium channels  mutations causing decreased sodium current . We have reported that the A280V mutation in the glycerol 3 phosphate dehydrogenase 1 like  causes BrS by reducing INa.
Inhalational anesthetics produce various clinically important actions, including hypnosis, amnesia and immobility . It is believed that different anesthetic actions involve distinct molecular targets in specific neural pathways; for immobilization, the site of action is spinal . Why, then, is the respiratory system relatively resistant to inhibition by inhalational anesthetics?
The Southwest United States, including Arizona and New Mexico, has a diverse climate  and is home to many different avian species . Arizona, in particular is part of the Pacific flyway which starts in Alaska and extends as far as South America . While there are four migratory flyways in the United States, the Pacific flyway is believed to pose the greatest risk of introduction of avian influenza  H5N1 virus due to mixing of birds from Asian countries .
Gastric hydrochloric acid  is a noxious stimulus that following penetration through the mucosal barrier contributes to pain arising from the oesophagus, stomach and upper small intestine. Both the gastric HCl evoked visceromotor reaction and medullary c Fos response are suppressed by vagotomy, which attests to a significant role of vagal afferent neurons in gastric chemonociception  . The proton gated members of the ASIC family are encoded by 3 different genes: ASIC1, ASIC2 and ASIC3, with ASIC1 and ASIC2 each having alternative splice variants termed ASIC1a, ASIC1b, ASIC2a and ASIC2b.
Bipolar disorder  is a prevalent, severe, and highly disabling psychiatric disease characterized by recurrent depressive and manic episodes, and is associated with increased morbidity and mortality due to general medical conditions, such as obesity, diabetes and cardio disease  . Studies have also reported altered apoptotic factors and their mediated responses in BD. Changes include DNA damage in peripheral blood of BD patients , increased pro apoptotic serum activity in BD patients  and mitochondrial dysfunction .
In the United States, one out of every three persons aged 20 and older has hypertension, with more than 100 million people having either pre hypertension or definite hypertension. , Both human and animal studies have shown onset of hypertension because of loss of nitric oxide, which acts as the endothelium derived relaxing factor. Nitric oxide is catalyzed by endothelial nitric oxide synthase , an enzyme with multiple genetic variants that might confer risk for hypertension.
Microbicides will be used by healthy women to prevent HIV and sexually transmitted infections ; therefore these products require an exceptional safety profile. Similarly, a recent trial of cellulose sulfate was halted due to concerns about safety . Thus, there is a need to develop new methods that can better evaluate the safety and toxicity of candidate microbicides .
Human and mouse studies have proven that high levels of cholesterol rich remnants cause atherosclerosis, but the relevance of triglyceride rich lipoproteins  to atherogenesis remains controversial. In part, this controversy stems from the fact that elevated levels of TRLs and remnants often coexist . Humans with chylomicronemia have severe hypertriglyceridemia but low levels of cholesterol rich remnants.
Sonoporation has shown promise to facilitate intracellular transport of drugs, proteins, genes, and other therapeutic agents that are otherwise impermeable to the cell . Because ultrasound exposure can be non invasively controlled in application volume and location as well as exposure duration, sonoporation is uniquely suitable for in vivo site specific delivery . However, even with recent progress in the field, a detailed mechanistic description of sonoporation and its full range of bioeffects remains to be elucidated  .
Autism spectrum disorder  is featured by severe deficits in social communication, social interaction, and restricted, repetitive patterns of behaviors, interests and activities . Other integrative models of autism mainly focus on impaired functional connectivity , and abnormalities of neurodevelopmental processes  which manifest as a cognitive deficit affecting the “binding together” of discrete features into a single, coherent object or concept . We proposed that neurofeedback based operant conditioning of prefrontal EEG activity immediately post rTMS sessions will result in more pronounced improvements of functional outcomes as compared control waitlist group of children with ASD, as we hypothesized that rTMS over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex  improves I/E ratio and enhances gamma activity.
The population of the United States  is aging rapidly. The number of adults in the U.S. age 65 or older will more than double to approximately 71 million by 2030 . Approximately 80% of older adults have at least one chronic disease and the numbers of elders living in the community with serious, eventually fatal chronic conditions has increased dramatically over the last decade placing tremendous strain on family members .
Indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase 1  is a metabolically active enzyme with the capacity to promote immune tolerance and exert anti microbial effects. IDO 1, and its recently discovered paralog IDO 2 , function to catalyze the initial and rate limiting step of tryptophan degradation via the kynurenine pathway. These changes include the inhibition of T cell replication, induction of T cell apoptosis and the support of regulatory T cell differentiation and suppressor function activation.
Adolescence is a developmental period in which an individual transitions from immaturity and dependence on the family unit into maturity and independence. Sex differences in the timing of adolescent related changes may occur in rats as well, with females demonstrating certain maturational changes indicative of impending adolescence as early as P20 and male rats displaying some adolescent associated characteristics as late as approximately P55  . It has been suggested that human adolescents experience more stressors and negative life events than children or adults .
In vivo bioluminescence imaging  uses luciferase enzymes  as reporters to generate light emission during the catalytic oxidation of their substrates for non invasive imaging of biological targets and processes in intact cells and living animals . For example, BLI is used to measure the mass and location of implanted cells in animals , to evaluate the efficacy of anticancer drugs , and to detect protein protein interactions in living cancer cells  . BLI employs both the enzyme and substrate to generate the light emission, and many strategies have been developed to regulate the activity of the reporter enzyme at the various levels  for molecular imaging .
The psychological impairments observed in schizophrenia  involve most, but not all, cognitive functions . Deficits in tasks thought to rely on the integrity of the frontal lobes, such as working memory and executive control , have been repeatedly observed and modeled . In contrast, deficits in reinforcement learning and reward based decision making, dependent on both the basal ganglia and prefrontal cortex, have been observed in some cases, but not in others  .
Cerebral ischemia is a devastating aspect of stroke, cardiac arrest, and surgical procedures that interrupt blood flow to the brain. An early mild ischemic insult protects CA1 pyramidal neurons against subsequent, normally lethal ischemic challenges . This phenomenon is referred to as ischemic preconditioning .
Profound neurogenesis occurs in restricted areas of the adult mammalian brain under physiological conditions . In the olfactory system, central neurogenesis provides subventricular zone derived interneurons to the OB . Peripheral neurogenesis in the olfactory epithelium produces OSNs throughout life .
Non infection related morbidity and mortality has become increasingly significant in the care and management of HIV infected patients treated with combination antiretroviral therapy . An increased risk of myocardial infarction  in HIV infected patients was described in 2007 by Triant et al. . HIV infection is associated with known cardiovascular risk factors such as increased total cholesterol, decreased HDL cholesterol, lipodystrophy and the metabolic syndrome .
Ca2+ mediated signaling regulates diverse aspects of cellular functions in bacteria, plants, fungi and animals . In order to fit the specific physiological requirements of each cell type, a specific set of proteins are selectively employed from a large repertoire of Ca2+ signaling molecules. For instance, Ca2+ influx through sperm specific CatSper Ca2+ channels is crucial for sperm cell hyperactivation and male fertility in mammals , and Ca2+ release through the intracellular ryanodine receptor channel is necessary for skeletal and cardiac muscle contraction .
Understanding life history evolution requires knowledge of the forces shaping correlated suites of fitness characters in response to patterns of age specific mortality . Therefore, it is necessary to integrate how life history traits are expressed across environments  and standing levels of genetic variation in fitness components  with patterns of demographic and environmental variability . Currently, large gaps remain in our understanding of how genomic expression throughout the life cycle is influenced by relevant ecological variables.
The ErbB family of receptor tyrosine kinases includes EGFR, ErbB2 , ErbB3 , and ErbB4 . Over the past ten years, it has become evident that many epithelial cancers require EGFR or HER2 signaling for their growth and survival. Inhibitors of EGFR and HER2 come in the form of small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors  and targeted antibodies .
Despite the efficacy of empirically supported treatment options for patients with anxiety disorders , a great many patients with anxiety disorders are not reaping the benefits of these treatments, and treatment refusal and attrition remain a significant problem. For instance, motivation to change anxiety related behaviors appears to be a significant predictor of reduction of anxiety symptoms among patients with panic disorder  and generalized anxiety disorder . Another potential drawback is that the incorporation of a second treatment into existing CBT protocols may increase the total amount of time in treatment necessary for demonstrable treatment gains.
Muscle pain can result from repetitive or eccentric activity, and may persist for days  or weeks  after exposure to these activities . While the underlying cellular mechanisms in these pain syndromes are not well understood, inflammatory cytokines, which sensitize high threshold mechano sensitive muscle afferents  are likely to be involved . For example, following eccentric exercise in humans  and in a repetitive motion induced muscle pain model in the rat , levels of inflammatory cytokines are increased in the exercised limb .
Tissue factor pathway inhibitor , a Kunitz type serine protease inhibitor, is an endogenous inhibitor of TF mediated coagulation. TFPI suppresses factor Xa generation by binding via its Kunitz 1 domain to the TF:FVIIa catalytic complex and via its Kunitz 2 domain to factor Xa. The formation of a quaternary TF:VIIa:TFPI:Xa complex dampens ongoing FXa generation.
Global change is mostly associated with increasing concentrations of atmospheric CO2 and other greenhouse gases triggering climate change, but other anthropogenic processes also affect the local and global environment. With few measurements in remote areas, deposition and changes in deposition can only be estimated from large scale models . Wood also contains nitrogen, mainly in the form of cell wall proteins but also in various extractives.
Endothelin 1  is the predominant isoform of three distinct isopeptides constitutively secreted by endothelial and other vascular cells, and the most potent endogenous vasoconstrictor known . Indeed, ET 1 contributes to vascular stiffening and calcification with aging, which are all major independent cardiovascular risk factors and associated with cardiovascular complications such as myocardial infarction, stroke, and renal injury  . ET 1 activates two G protein coupled receptors, ETA and ETB .
Cancer development has been known to share many molecular frameworks with embryonic development, tissue renewal and differentiation . For example, in normal tissues the Notch signaling pathway is activated under strict temporal and spatial control during tissue regeneration and cell fate determination. Notch3 gene amplification correlated with gene overexpression and pathway activation in ovarian serous carcinoma tissues.
The incidence of type 1 diabetes  has been increasing globally at a rate of approximately 3% per year since the 1960s , and it varies in different parts of the world, with high figures in the Nordic countries  and the opposite in the countries of East Asia such as China and Japan with ∼1 case/year/100,000 individuals . These geographical differences in T1D incidence may be related to food consumption , as large quantities of soy products are widely used in traditional Asian diets, which are typically low in fat. Type 1 diabetes is mainly caused by autoimmune destruction of the pancreatic insulin producing β islet cells of Langerhans .
The development of T cells in the thymus is an ordered progression of differentiation and proliferation events . The majority of these regulators play ongoing roles throughout T cell development, however their specific effects can vary from one stage to another . The various stages of thymocyte differentiation have been characterized through the expression of specific cell surface markers.
Tumors of the central nervous system  have significant intra  and inter tumor heterogeneity in terms of cellular composition, cellular proliferation, invasiveness and epigenetic status . Integrative large scale gene expression analysis of 200 GBM tumors revealed 4 subtypes: proneural, neural, classical and mesenchymal . In addition, there are at least two prognostic subgroups of pediatric GBM based on association with or without aberrantly active Ras/AKT pathway .
However, despite the prevalence of loss experiences in young adults, and the potential for problematic grief responses, this age group has received relatively limited empirical attention . Psychological responses to loss of a family member or friend are complex, and vary in intensity and types of symptoms . There has been little investigation of whether personality variables  or the quality of the relationship between the bereaved and deceased  may play a role in the development of complicated grief or depression, particularly among young adults.
Mast cells play an important role in many immunological and inflammatory reactions. The activation of mast cells for release of these mediators in allergic reactions depends on IgE and its high affinity receptor FcεRI present on the surface of these cells. Tyrosine phosphorylated receptor recruits the cytoplasmic protein tyrosine kinase Syk to the membrane which results in a conformational change in Syk, with an increase in its enzymatic activity .
Over three fourths of the population with heart failure  is aged 65 years and older, and the proportion of older HF patients is projected to increase as more adults are surviving into old age. Indeed, older HF patients have greater hospitalization rates, health care expenditures, and mortality  as well as symptoms of exercise intolerance that are often more severe than in younger HF patients. Formal assessment of exercise performance with measurement of peak exercise oxygen consumption  and exercise ventilatory efficiency  using cardiopulmonary exercise testing , is commonly used to guide management of HF patients.
Human immunodeficiency virus type 1  is a member of the lentivirus subfamily of the Retroviridae family and the etiologic agent of acquired immune deficiency syndrome . During or shortly after budding, Gag is proteolytically cleaved by the viral protease into the four major structural proteins: matrix , capsid, nucleocapsid, p6; and the two spacer proteins p1 and p2. This cleavage is required for efficient release of particles from cells .
Recent studies have suggested that general anesthetics act through specific ion channels to inhibit neuronal excitability. On the basis of the membrane potential at which they activate, these channels are subdivided into high voltage activated  and low voltage activated , or transient  Ca2+ channels. These channels are products of different genes, which give rise to α1 subunits that form the pores of the neuronal Ca2+ channels named CaV1 family  encoding L type; CaV2.1  encoding P/Q type; CaV2.2  encoding N type; and CaV2.3  encoding R type.
Tocomin® represents commercially available mixture of naturally occurring tocotrienols  and tocopherol  extracted from palm oil/palm fruits that possess powerful antioxidant, anticancer, neuro/cardioprotective and cholesterol lowering properties. Cellular autophagy represents a defense mechanism against oxidative stress and several anticancer compounds. Recently, we reported that tocotrienols induce apoptosis and endoplasmic reticulum stress in breast cancer cells .
Craniosynostosis is defined as the premature fusion of one or more cranial sutures and is a common malformation  occurring in all ethnic groups . Craniosynostosis of the sagittal suture is the most common form of craniosynostosis, accounting for 5560% of all craniosynostoses . Although environmental and genetic risk factors for craniosynostosis have been identified, no single risk factor has emerged as being necessary or sufficient to cause premature fusion of any of the calvarial sutures.
Polypeptides expressed from the Hepatitis C virus  genome are of interest because the virus infects more than 170 million people . A 3,000 amino acid polypeptide is encoded from a single stranded RNA of 9.6 kb. This polypeptide is cleaved proteolytically into 10 mature proteins; 3 structural proteins , 6 non structural proteins  and a small 63 residue membrane protein  whose sequence is found between those of the structural and non structural proteins.
Heterotaxy syndrome is characterized by multiple congenital anomalies arising from defects in embryonic left right patterning and loss of normal asymmetric laterality . The developing heart is particularly sensitive to left right positional information, and abnormalties are associated with significant morbidity and mortality due to structural defects and/or arrhythmias . Cardiac conduction system  abnormalities in the human heterotaxy population are thought to arise from either duplication or absence of one or more CCS elements resulting from similar left right patterning abnormalities.
Modic changes  are signal variations of the vertebral endplate and the adjacent subchondral vertebral marrow seen on magnetic resonance images  . According to the patterns of signal changes on T1  and T2 weighted images, traditionally MCs have been classified into three types . Type 1 MCs show decreased signal intensity on T1 weighted images and increased signal intensity on T2 weighted images.
Breast cancer is a common malignancy and a leading cause of cancer deaths in women . It results from the accumulation of genetic alterations including activation of oncogenes and inactivation of tumor suppressor genes . Identification and characterization of these genes improve our understanding of breast cancer and management of patients.
Aortic root dilation leading to aortic dissection has been associated with numerous connective tissue disorders such as Marfan syndrome , EhlersDanlos syndrome  and LoeysDietz syndrome  . Other patients at risk include those with valvular abnormalities such as bicuspid aortic valve  and various genetic syndromes such as Turner syndrome, 18q deletion syndrome, and fragile X syndrome . In addition to valvular abnormalities and genetic syndromes, adult onset diseases, such as hypertension, are additional risk factors for aortic root dilation .
Mouse thyroglobulin  sensitized splenocytes activated in vitro with MTG and IL 12 induce a severe granulomatous form of experimental autoimmune thyroiditis  after transfer to syngeneic recipients . G EAT lesions are characterized by infiltration of inflammatory cells and destruction of thyroid follicles . Thyroid lesions reach maximal severity 20 days after cell transfer, and inflammation resolves or progresses to fibrosis by day 60 depending on the extent of thyroid damage at day 20 .
Childhood asthma is the most common chronic disease among children and is a major public health problem in the United States as well as in many other countries, such as Colombia, which has a prevalence estimated at 10 12% . Childhood asthma causes considerable morbidity, interference with normal daily activities, and a burden for the health care systems and for the whole family, especially during periods when it is inadequately controlled . Asthma control has been considered a key therapeutic goal and an outcome measure in clinical research studies, and its regular assessment has been recommended as a guide to a stepwise  approach to asthma therapy  .
Conventional chemotherapeutic regimens involve high doses of a cytotoxic agent followed by a 3  to 4 week rest period. Such scheduling was believed to be important to balance the drug’s toxic effects on the tumor and on the host. However, recent studies using this approach have demonstrated a rapid acquisition of chemoresistance in certain patient populations after an initial response .
For nearly 50 years the rate of progression of COPD has been defined by the slope of the annual decline in FEV1 determined from serial measurements of FEV1 obtained over a span of years in the course of observational or intervention studies. In intervention trials conducted over the last few decades, this slope has been determined mainly from serial measurements of the post , rather than the pre , bronchodilator FEV1 . The rationale for the latter practice appears to derive from the assumption that there may be less variability in the post  than the pre bronchodilator measurement and that the post bronchodilator value would be less influenced by noncompliance with instructions to withhold bronchodilator medication during the washout period prior to scheduled spirometric testing.
Malaria continues to impose a substantial health burden across the globe. It is estimated that annually between 300 and 500 million clinical cases of malaria occur, of which 1.5 to 2.7 million cases are fatal . G protein coupled receptor signalling pathways provide a means for intracellular components to respond to extracellular stimuli.
Neurotrophic factors including the tolloid/bone morphogenetic protein 1  family of metalloproteinases enhance the survival, growth, and function of neurons. The tolloids and BMP 1 contain a conserved metalloproteinase domain not found in BMPs 27 which are classed as transforming growth factor β  superfamily members . Furthermore, a tolloid like gene, apTolloid/BMP 1 , in the marine mollusk Aplysia was found to be regulated during nonassociative long term sensitization .
The social brain hypothesis states that the emergence of computationally more powerful brains cannot be explained solely by the ensuing advantage in solving problems posed by the physical environment. Indeed, it has been shown that facial judgments may be processed in less than 100 ms  . Moreover, the fact that humans appear to have universal standards of facial attractiveness within and across cultures  implies a biologically encoded mechanism rather than an effect of enculturation  .
Nanomaterials are used in a range of appliances and household products, in the manufacture of textiles and electronics, as well as for medical products and in bioremediation technology. Metal oxide nanoparticles  are commonly used due to their exceptional physicochemical properties, which make them highly suitable and desirable for many consumer products and industrial technologies . CuO NPs also have potential wide industrial applications, such as gas sensors, photovoltaic cells, catalyst, and heat transfer nano fluids .
The kidney shows a quantifiable decrease in function with age . The glomerular filtration rate declines with 20 25% from 40 to 80 years of age. This has been linked, using kidney tissue obtained before transplantation and on autopsies of subjects not known to have a renal disease, to a significant increase with age of the number of sclerotic glomeruli and the amount of interstitial tissue .
Brain metabolite measurements using MR spectroscopy  generally require averaging of many acquisitions from the same spatial location to obtain acceptable signal to noise ratio . This results in relatively long scan times and increases the likelihood that the subject will move at some point during the scan. Such motion can cause errors and artifacts that may not be evident in typical quality assurance procedures.
Glutamate, the major excitatory neurotransmitter in the central nervous system , is neurotoxic when its extracellular concentration is high. Glutamate transporters, also called excitatory amino acid transporters , play an important role in removing glutamate from extracellular space into cells . Dysfunction of EAATs causes extracellular glutamate accumulation that results in glutamate excitatoxicity.
Resistance to chemotherapy is a major obstacle for the success of cancer therapy. Paclitaxel is a diterpenoid compound initially isolated from Taxus brevifolia and is widely used against malignant epithelial tumors. There are a variety of mechanisms responsible for the development of chemoresistance in cancer cells; reduced drug uptake or increased drug efflux, increased repair of drug targets, alteration of drug targets that prevent drug binding or action and blocks in biochemical pathways that mediate drug induced cytotoxicity.
Depression and substance abuse are common among low income, minority adults in safety net settings. Little is known about comorbidities across service sectors supporting these clients . The study uses cross sectional baseline client data  from Community Partners in Care , an initiative to improve depression services in Los Angeles County.
Glaucoma is a multifactorial disease that results in progressive death of retinal ganglion cells and loss of visual fields. Studies have shown that open angle glaucoma  disproportionately affects people of African descent  over those of European descent  and is a leading cause of blindness in persons of AD . Furthermore, it has a younger age of onset, progresses more rapidly and occurs with greater severity in the AD population .
Members of the ABC  transporter superfamily are widely recognized as major contributors to controlling drug distribution and pharmacokinetics, and the acquisition of anticancer drug resistance. While several ABC transporters have been shown to transport anticancer drugs in vitro, P glycoprotein  stands out by conferring the highest level of resistance to a vast array of drugs and because of its demonstrated association with clinical multidrug resistance  and poor clinical outcome . Pgp transports large, hydrophobic, positively charged molecules that can have strikingly dissimilar structures, including clinically relevant compounds such as anticancer drugs, human immunodeficiency virus  protease inhibitors, immunosuppressive agents and antiepileptics .
Barriers to consent when conducting prehospital research are unavoidable. Federal regulations allow an exception from informed consent  for certain studies. However, before an EFIC study can be approved, investigators must consult both the geographic community where the study will be conducted and the community from which subjects will be drawn  .
TSC is an autosomal dominant disorder characterized by the growth of benign tumors called hamartomas in multiple organs including the brain . TSC patients suffer from epilepsy, autism and developmental delay. TSC is caused by mutations in either the TSC1 or TSC2 genes.
For many years, multidrug resistance  has been explained solely as the result of ABCB1 over expression in a tumor . The authors discovered that these cells displayed resistance to a variety of structurally and mechanistically unrelated drugs in addition to colchicine . Human P glycoprotein, the product of the MDR1 or ABCB1 gene, was subsequently shown to confer MDR on drug sensitive cells .
Mail order pharmacies are widely used to deliver medications in the U.S., with up to 1/3 of chronic illness medications delivered by mail. Research suggests a positive association between mail order pharmacy use and greater adherence to diabetes and antihypertensive medications,  and with better LDL C control. These favorable outcomes may reflect improved access to medications with mail order pharmacy use, which may be of particular value to patients with disabilities, time constraints, or limited transportation ., However, there may be unintended consequences to using mail order pharmacies.
Imaging and therapy play crucial roles in prevention, early diagnosis, efficient treatment, and confirmation of complete cure. Optical coherence tomography  that utilizes a low coherence light source is a non invasive and high speed imaging modality for obtaining micrometer resolution images of tissue structure and velocity fluctuation  of scattering particles. Among various OCT contrast agents for obtaining enhanced optical signals, gold nanoparticles  are promising OCT contrasting agents.
Tobacco use is the major preventable cause of premature death in the United States, accounting for more than 400,000 annual deaths from cancer, cardiovascular and respiratory disease., Secondhand smoke  exposure in nonsmokers increases the risk of lung cancer, cardiovascular disease, and has a number of other negative health outcomes. Cotinine is further metabolized by P450 2A6 to trans 3' hydroxycotinine . P450 2A6 activity varies across people and the ratio of 3' HCOT to cotinine has been used as a measure of this variability.
Long term efficacy of osteochondral allografts  depends on the presence of viable chondrocytes within graft cartilage to locally maintain homeostasis and prevent degeneration. Historically, fresh OCA, used within 7d of donor death, have high chondrocyte viability and, when implanted into large cartilage defects to treat isolated post traumatic, osteonecrotic, or osteochondritis dissecans lesions, has resulted in long term clinical success rates  >75%. While chondrocyte viability is a useful marker of overall cartilage tissue function, future improvements in the application of OCA would benefit from identifying markers of allograft biological performance and sensitive indices of cartilage function .
Food frequency questionnaires  facilitate dietary data collection in large cohort studies and are the most frequently used diet assessment method in nutritional epidemiology to assess habitual eating habits and rank individuals’ energy and nutrient intake . Development of an appropriate food and nutrient database is required to translate information derived from FFQs into estimates of nutrient intake, dietary quality or for absolute or rank ordered nutritional risk assessment . Experts use a variety of approaches in database development for FFQ analysis, including reliance on expert opinion , population specific data driven methods , or a combination of the two .
The development of Ln magnetic resonance imaging  contrast agents that report on their environment through molecular interactions is an active area of research. Ln MRI agents have been designed for sensing pH, metabolite concentrations, metal ions, proteins, or enzymes. A relatively new class of contrast agent known as paramagnetic chemical exchange saturation transfer  agents, shows promise for development as responsive MRI agents.
CXCR4  is a G protein coupled receptor which serves many functions in the immune system. CXCR4 defects in humans lead to a syndrome characterized by warts, hypogammaglobulinemia, immunodeficiency, and myelokathexis, collectively termed the WHIM syndrome  . CXCR4 monogamously recognizes the CXC chemokine ligand 12 , also known as stromal cell derived factor 1 , or pre B cell growth stimulating factor .
Endothelin 1  is one of several vasoconstrictors that may play a role in the progression of Crohn’s Disease and ulcerative colitis, conditions categorized as inflammatory bowel disease . Elevated plasma  and tissue  levels of the potent vasoconstrictor have been found in IBD patients, with the elevations speculated to induce hypoxia  as a consequence of decreased blood flow. over 30 years ago, decreases in blood flow are found more frequently in chronic and mild IBD and in the late fibrosing stage of Crohn’s Disease, while increases in blood flow can be found in severe IBD .
The twin epidemics of obesity and diabetes threaten to overwhelm healthcare systems in the U.S. and worldwide. Specifically, 2/3 of the US population is overweight or obese, while 40% exhibit symptoms of pre  or frank diabetes, and the combined direct and indirect costs of obesity and diabetes are now approaching $500 billion a year. Compounding those factors in a subset of mentally ill patients is the use of second generation antipsychotics , which are known to induce weight gain and to exacerbate risk for metabolic disease and diabetes, especially in youth .
The endoplasmic reticulum associated degradation  pathway mediates the destruction of numerous normal and misfolded ER localized proteins . Accordingly, there is great impetus to understand the molecular mechanisms that mediate this important route of protein degradation . Ubiquitin is then transferred from the ubiquitin charged E2 to the substrate or the growing ubiquitin chain by the action of an E3 ubiquitin ligase, resulting in a substrate attached multi ubiquitin chain.
Statistical analyses are an essential component of medical research, which when appropriately applied can further our understanding of risk factors, treatment effects and other aspects of disease. Knowledge of statistics is also important for those involved in the peer review process of a research article, as they will be responsible for judging the adequacy and correctness of the statistical methods used. In fact, readers often rely on the “approval stamp” given to articles that have undergone peer review by a reputable journal.
The human mitochondrial genome  is a small, circular, highly coding molecule , making mtDNA mutations more likely to be deleterious than nuclear ones . Until recently, mammalian mitochondria were not thought to possess any DNA repair activities , however, it is now clear that mitochondria are proficient in DNA repair of certain types of DNA lesions, particularly those repaired by the base excision repair  pathway, which removes oxidative and alkylating damage . DNA microsatellite instability  is a hallmark of several types of cancer .
Subtilosin, a ribosomally synthesized 3.4 kDa cyclical peptide  produced by both Bacillus subtilis  and Bacillus amyloliquefaciens , is a bacteriocin that has the potential for applications in contraception and reproductive health due to its unique properties, such as natural origin, biodegradability, antimicrobial properties, lack of immunogenicity, overall safety, ease of production and formulation . This compound also displays antimicrobial activity against the foodborne pathogen Listeria monocytogenes Scott A  and against bacterial vaginosis associated pathogen Gardnerella vaginalis, including their antibiotic resistant forms  . Over 530 million people worldwide are infected with HSV 2, which can cause recurrent and painful genital lesions, being recurrent genital herpes, the most prevalent sexually transmitted disease  .
Cardiac amyloidosis involves the deposition of insoluble fibrils in the myocardium and is an underdiagnosed cause of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction . The most clinically relevant cardiac involvement occurs in primary light chain  amyloidosis, familial transthyretin amyloidosis , and senile transthyretin amyloidosis . Other forms of systemic amyloidosis including secondary AA amyloidosis rarely affect the heart.
Large intracranial arterial occlusions are associated with high morbidity and mortality. In patients who are ineligible for or fail intravenous thrombolytic therapy, endovascular revascularization is often the only method that can potentially improve functional outcome. Although a good arterial occlusive lesion  score represents good or excellent target vessel recanalization and is associated with favorable clinical outcomes, it does not necessarily equate to tissue revascularization.
The growth in science and engineering research conducted by teams has dramatically accelerated since 1975, making multi university collaborations the fastest growing authorship structure. Numerous literature reviews have found that team science is becoming increasingly prominent. Bennett, Gadlin and Levine Finley provide a generic definition of team science: “Team science has been described as a collaborative and often cross disciplinary approach to scientific inquiry that draws researchers who otherwise work independently or as coinvestigators on smaller scale projects into collaborative centers and groups.” The definitions or models of team science are very closely situated with or intended to inform strategies for evaluating team science.
The intracellular adaptor Dab1 is a key regulator of neuronal migration during brain development . The protein is composed of an N terminus domain of approximately 180 amino acids, named PI/PTB , followed by a cluster of five tyrosines and a C terminus containing two consensus regions for the serine/threonine kinase Cdk5 . Further confirmation that Dab1 conveys a Reelin signal in neuronal migration through lipoprotein receptors, came from the observation that mouse mutants for the four genes  show the same neuronal migration defects  .
The spirochete genus Borrelia comprises three major groups of species. The first group includes several agents of relapsing fever , such as B. duttonii and B. hermsii. The species of the second group are transmitted by hard  ticks of the genus Ixodes and include agents of Lyme borreliosis , such as B. burgdorferi and B. afzelii, as well as species, such as B. bissettii, that have not been associated with human disease.
Decades of epidemiological data strongly suggest that high density lipoproteins  protect against cardiovascular disease . These mutant SR BI receptors were unable to mediate selective uptake of HDL cholesteryl esters  in cultured cells . While the risk for cardiovascular disease has not been assessed in this small cohort of patients, the antiatherogenic properties of SR BI and its ability to promote reverse cholesterol transport are firmly established in genetically modified mouse models.
Although control of cardiovascular disease  risk factors reduces morbidity and mortality, most Americans at risk for CVD related events have not achieved therapeutic goals for management of these factors. The American Diabetes Association and the National Diabetes Education Program have promoted use of the ABC indicators, which include:  glycated hemoglobin  for control of diabetes mellitus,  blood pressure, and  cholesterol  as modifiable indicators targeted for treatment in order to reduce CVD risk. The D factor  has been added by the current researchers as an additional risk factor.
In 1992, six years after Bill Brinkley became editor in chief of Cell Motility and the Cytoskeleton following the untimely death of founding editor Robert D. Allen,  demonstrated that tubulin and the radial spokes of Chlamydomonas flagella are delivered to the distal tip of the flagellar axoneme where assembly of the organelle occurs. Very shortly thereafter, the process of intraflagellar transport  was first observed in the Rosenbaum laboratory at Yale . IFT is necessary for organelle assembly and maintenance because IFT transports materials to the distal tip, the site of organelle growth and turnover, and returns components back to the cell body for degradation or recycling .
Basic mechanisms responsible for temperature regulation in living animals are well understood. Since no “heat storage” is known to exist in the brain, temperature regulation in the brain can only rely on communication between brain and body as metabolites are delivered and heat is exchanged through blood flow. With fixed OEF this differential does not depend on the temperature of arterial blood, however, decreasing blood temperature could change the rate of metabolic reactions leading to decreased OEF .
The acute defensive response to a threatening event prompts behavioral, physiological, and cognitive reactions that are essential to survival. Whereas traditional psychophysiological models have interpreted the initial phase of defense  as indicating sensory “rejection” to facilitate internal processing or protect the individual from the aversive character of the external stimuli , the defense cascade model  predicts enhanced perceptual processing in the context of an acute defensive response. According to this view, emotions are founded on defensive  motivational circuits in the brain that developed early in evolutionary history to ensure the survival of individuals and their progeny.
The most frequently studied candidate gene for Neuroticism, depression, anxiety related traits and disorders is the serotonin transporter . The SLC6A4 gene is on chromosome 17q11.1 q12. estimated that the polymorphism accounted for 3% to 4% of total variation and 7% to 9% of inherited variance of anxiety related personality traits.
Psoriasis is an autoimmune disease affecting 7.5 million Americans. There is increasing evidence that psoriasis is associated with the prevalence and incidence of diabetes and diabetes related complications. Prospective studies from several countries have found that the risk of developing diabetes is increased among those with psoriasis, especially among those with more severe psoriasis.
One of the greatest challenges in ocular drug delivery is effectively administering drugs to the back of the eye to treat diseases of the retina, choroid and vitreous body . Such posterior segment diseases include macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy, which are two of the leading cause of blindness. While conventional delivery using topical eye drops can transport drug to the anterior segment, this method generally cannot deliver useful amounts of drug to the posterior segment, due to rapid elimination via precorneal tears and conjunctival blood flow, low corneal permeability coupled with counter directional intraocular flow of aqueous humor, and long diffusional distances from the ocular surface to the back of the eye .
The human  and mouse  melanocortin 1 G protein coupled cell surface receptors play important roles in melanocyte biology, notably in the production of melanin pigment . Engagement between Mc1r and α MSH results in stimulation of black eumelanin production through a cAMP dependent signaling pathway . In humans, the MC1R is highly polymorphic with more than 70 variants described .
Acyl CoA binding protein , also known as diazepam  binding inhibitor , is a soluble 10 kDa lipid binding protein ubiquitously expressed in all tissues of eukaryotic species examined . Via the ACBP promoter, ACBP expression is also determined by several nuclear transcription factors important in lipid and glucose metabolism: peroxisome proliferator activated receptors   α and  γ as well as sterol regulatory element binding protein  . LCFA CoAs are potent regulators of a wide variety of enzymes, signaling receptors, and nuclear regulatory proteins involved in fatty acid and glucose metabolism .
Ovarian carcinoma is the fourth most common cause of cancer death among women in the United States, with more than 21,550 new cases diagnosed and an 14,600 deaths estimated for 2009 . A recent report demonstrated that the response rate for various regimens in the setting of second line chemotherapy for recurrent platinum resistant CCC was only 1% . One possible treatment strategies that may improve patient outcome is the use of angiogenesis targeted agents.
NADH:quinone oxidoreductase 1  is a cytosolic protein that catalyzes metabolism of quinones and their derivatives . It has been shown that the two electron reduction of quinones, catalyzed by NQO1, competes with the one electron reduction catalyzed by cytochromes P450 and P450 reductase. Human NQO1 gene has been localized to chromosome 16q22 .
The study of open set masked sentence recognition is often limited by the number of unique items available in a particular corpus. These corpora vary on a number of dimensions , and not all are appropriate for testing all listener groups, such as children or non native speakers of English. Many early studies of auditory and visual word recognition used the ascending method of limits, wherein a parameter affecting recognition  is systematically increased, and threshold is defined as the point at which the word is correctly identified .
Proliferation of somatic cells in higher eukaryotes depends on the presence of external mitogens, which activate corresponding receptors present on the plasma membrane. A common downstream event of these receptor activations is the activation of the mitogen activated protein kinase  cascade by Ras . A typical MAPK cascade comprises three sequential protein kinases RAF, MEK and ERK.
Acetaminophen is one of the most commonly used over the counter analgesics and the major cause of acute liver failure due to accidental and intentional overdose . Toxicity is characterized by centrilobular hepatic necrosis progressing to fulminant liver failure . Tissue repair following acetaminophen intoxication involves proliferation of remnant hepatocytes and the production of new extracellular matrix proteins .
Since its invention, MRI has moved to ever stronger magnetic fields to exploit the concomitant increases in signal to noise ratio and the opportunity to obtain images with improved contrast. Despite formidable challenges from the underlying physics, cardiac MRI has recently been demonstrated at 7 Tesla  . The FLASH   and bSSFP   images obtained are of sufficient quality to assess cardiac volume and function ; and right coronary angiography is feasible .
In clinical and research assessments of respiratory health, it is often necessary to conduct multiple tests during a brief visit. Although closely spaced tests may be unavoidable, concern that one test could influence the results of subsequent tests may lead to test ordering recommendations to minimize possible carryover effects. Early evidence showed that prior spirometric maneuvers reduced FeNO , so current American Thoracic Society/European Respiratory Society  guidelines recommend collecting FeNO before spirometry .
The combination of mass spectrometry with solution phase hydrogen/deuterium exchange  has become a powerful method to study protein structure and protein/protein interactions  . The reliability and sequence resolution of solution phase HDX monitored by mass spectrometry has been hampered by the limited number and poor specificity of proteases that are active at the low pH necessary to quench HDX. However, incomplete cleavage of some proteins and limited number of proteolytic peptides has restricted its range of applicability.
Bacteria are oftentimes found associated with animals, plants, fungi, and protists, as well as other bacteria. They have been successful in colonizing both extra cellular and intracellular tissues of their host, enabling some specific function or capability. In particular, environmental transmission has a number of obstacles prior to infection as well as during colonization and persistence that bacteria are constantly subjected to .
In striated muscle, ryanodine receptor channels  located at the sarcoplasmic reticulum  calcium stores are the main pathway for intracellular Ca2+ release upon physiological or pharmacological stimulation ,  and  . Functional studies of gating of RyR channel molecules require their isolation from cells  and . In skeletal muscle, L type Ca2+ channels  activate RyR1 mediated SR Ca2+ release through physical interactions , ,  and .
Alzheimer’s disease  is a progressive neuronal degenerative disorder of the central nervous system that ultimately results in the loss of cognitive function . This disease is characterized by the accumulation of toxic amyloid β  proteins in the extracellular space of the brain and on the wall of blood vessels in the brain  . The endothelium of brain blood vessels provides a semi permeable barrier between blood components and brain tissue.
Asthma is a complex disease caused by multiple genetic and environmental factors. Two traditional approaches for identification of asthma susceptibility genes are association studies of candidate genes and linkage studies followed by positional cloning. Candidate gene association studies focus on genes plausibly involved in disease pathogenesis or located in a region of linkage for the disease.
A population of resident cardiac stem/progenitor cells  has been found to contribute to the regeneration of myocardium after injury, myocardial infarction , or with stress such as pressure overload . SDF1 CXCR4 has also been shown to play a prominent role in the maintenance of the hematopoietic stem cell niche in the bone marrow   . We have also noted, in the myocardium, that chronic blockade of SDF1 CXCR4 with the antagonist AMD3100 results in increased proliferation of c kit+ CSPCs which was also seen in primitive hematopoietic progenitors, .
Phosphorylation of myofilament proteins is an important post translational modification which regulates cardiomyocyte contractility of the heart. cTnI is the “inhibitor” of the trimeric troponin complex, which together with cardiac troponin C  and cardiac troponin T , controls the position of tropomyosin on the actin filament in response to Ca2+ and thereby regulates actin myosin interactions and thus cardiomyocyte force development and relaxation. cTnI has multiple phosphorylation sites that regulate cardiomyocyte contractility in cardiac health and disease.
The great French physiologist, Claude Bernard, introduced the idea of the “inner world” of the body, when he theorized that body systems function as they do to maintain a constant internal environment what he called the milieu interieur. Near the end of his life, in about 1876, he postulated that the body maintains the constant internal environment by myriad, continual, compensatory reactions, which would tend to restore a state of equilibrium in response to any outside changes, enabling independence from the external environment. Pasteur on his deathbed is said to have conceded, “Bernard was right.
While a wide variety of self report measures have been developed to assess adherence with HIV ART, few of the questionnaire items that make up these measures have been subjected to rigorous cognitive testing to ensure that the items are consistently understood by respondents. Accurate self reports of medication could be useful in routine clinical care because research has consistently shown that physicians’ assessment of their patients’ adherence with ART is inaccurate . They could also be useful for research when more objective measures such as MEMS caps  or unannounced pill counts  are impractical or too costly  .
Rapid developments in tissue engineering utilizing decellularized whole organs as biologic scaffolds coupled with advances in stem and endogenous lung progenitor cell biology have offered the potential of using acellular suboptimal donor or cadaveric lungs recellularized with appropriate cell types for ex vivo lung regeneration . Acellular lungs are also powerful in vitro platforms for studying cell extracellular matrix  interactions in lung diseases such as emphysema and fibrosis, and in aging . As acellular scaffolds derived from rodent lungs are readily available and easily handled, high throughput approaches can be utilized to study cell matrix interaction or to assess the multiple conditions needed for effective recellularization and development of functional lung tissue .
Dysregulation of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis , one of the body's major stress sensitive physiological systems, is frequently implicated in the etiology of Major Depressive Disorder  . Robust cross sectional associations have been found between the presence of MDD and a variety of alterations of the HPA axis, including elevated cortisol levels, elevated corticotropin releasing hormone , and impaired negative feedback control of the HPA . The few existing studies taking this prospective longitudinal approach have converged upon similar findings.
Accurate computation of free energies of binding remains a key challenge for computer aided drug design. Consequently, the resultant starting point has some ambiguity for typical free energy perturbation  or thermodynamic integration calculations, which could be used to predict the effects of ligand modifications that displace water molecules . However, simulations in the grand canonical ensemble require definition of a constant chemical potential.
In the classical view, the cellular signal generated by a heterotrimeric guanine nucleotidebinding protein coupled receptor  is governed by the affinity and efficacy of its natural agonist. In addition to facilitating the trafficking of receptors to the plasma membrane, RAMPs act as switches to control the ligand preferences of two class B GPCRs, calcitonin and calcitonin receptorlike receptors  . Recently, the essential role of an accessory protein for the MC2 receptor, MC2R accessory protein , was described .
Although primary Sjögren’s syndrome  affects up to 0.10.6% of the general population, few rigorous etiologic studies have focused on the initiating immunopathologic process occurring in the exocrine glands. Gene expression profiling studies demonstrated activation of type I and type II IFN pathways in pSS patients . B cells are highly activated in this auto immune disease through diverse pathways, including the overexpression of the BAFF cytokine , and T cell patterns are skewed towards a memory phenotype and a T helper 1  polarization associated with high serum levels of IFN γ .
The number of distinct spoken words is a widely used measure of early language abilities, which manifests during infancy. Word comprehension  in typically developing children starts at the age of about 6 to 9 months and the spontaneous production of words  emerges at about 10 to 15 months,. During the next months the accumulation of words is typically slow, but then followed by an increase in rate, often quite sharp, around 14 to 22 months of age ,.
Epigenetic mechanisms, i.e., DNA methylation and histone modification, are important for normal development including imprinting, X inactivation, cell differentiation and transcription. , The status of transcription  is associated with specific types of modifications at particular residues of histone tails. Environmental variables, including stress, maternal behavior, environmental disruptors and nutrition affect neural development and also influence sexual differentiation of the neonatal brain.
Dyskeratosis congenita is a rare skin and bone marrow failure syndrome, associated with a classical triad of mucocutaneous abnormalities, namely abnormal skin pigmentation, leukoplakia and nail dystrophy . Pancytopenia is frequent and bone marrow failure is the most common cause of death. The more common X linked form is due to mutations in DKC1, encoding dyskerin .
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension  is increasingly recognized as a cause of spontaneous cerebrospinal  leak in the ENT and neurosurgical literature. The diagnosis of IIH in patients with spontaneous CSF leaks is classically made a few weeks after surgical repair of the CSF leak when symptoms and signs of elevated intracranial pressure  appear . Two young obese women developed spontaneous CSF rhinorrhea related to an empty sella in one, and a cribriform plate encephalocele in the other.
Microglia activation constitutes a major mechanism of self defense against brain injury, infection and disease. In the pilocarpine mouse seizure model, microgliosis persists for at least 30 days following seizure induction and correlates with local neuronal death . Changes in glial function could perhaps be a component of metabolic abnormalities which are observed in epileptic patients  and rodent seizure models .
Diet is a complex and irrefutable risk factor for cardiovascular disease . Egg is a significant source of cholesterol, containing an average of 213 mg per egg. European and Canadian guidelines, in contrast, do not restrict cholesterol, as the literature suggests that saturated and trans fat restriction is a more effective means of CVD risk reduction., Egg is a low glycemic index, whole food that has been part of the human diet since early mankind.
Structural changes in glycosylation that are influenced by disease states have been of great interest, especially with respect to oncogenesis and tumor progression, and many reports have focused on such biomarkers for cancer related diagnosis. We have reported such changes in murine cancer cells, including metastatic and non metastatic astrocytomas. Current protocols remain a cottage industry of techniques, where no existing approach is comprehensive.
Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide  is an essential coenzyme regulating numerous cellular metabolic pathways. In particular, NAD has been recognized as a substrate for a growing group of “NADdependent” enzymes with multiple roles in cellular regulation . NAD dependent protein modifications are catalyzed by enzymes broadly defined as ADP ribosyl transferases.
Adults in all human societies face the task of supervising and socializing the young to follow norms for acceptable behavior. Accordingly, the influence of adults is a central theme in the study of adolescent deviant behaviors such as delinquency and drug use. Most of this work focuses on parents , the adults with primary responsibility for these tasks and with whom children initially spend the most time.
Influenza viruses belong to the family Orthomyxoviridae and are divided into three genera A, B, and C . Influenza A and B viruses are responsible for the annual epidemics in humans . Contemporary influenza B viruses can be divided into two genetically and antigenically distinct lineages known as Victoria and Yamagata lineages .
Protein arginine methyltransferase  5 belongs to a family of enzymes that transfer a methyl group from S adenosylmethionine to the arginine side chains of histones and other proteins . PRMT members are divided into four types  based on patterns of arginine methylation. PRMT5 plays a role in cell signaling, chromatin remodeling, and control of gene expression through its association with MEP50 and the subsequent methylation of many cytoplasmic and nuclear substrates, including histone, nucleolin, p53, eIF4E, EGFR, and C RAF .
Control over a previous stressful experience is an important factor in determining an organism’s neural and behavioral response to future stressful events. IS can also enhance the behavioral struggling responses to subsequent novel stressors , and is also known to produce a sensitized neural response  in the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus  to subsequent novel stress challenge . Thus, it is unknown whether the emergence of a sensitized HPA axis response to novel stressors observed after IS is an outcome that depends on the lack of stressor controllability during the initial tailshock session.
The body responds to tissue damage and infection by mounting an inflammatory response that serves to protect the affected tissue from further insult. Although P. gingivalis possesses virulence factors that alone can induce tissue damage, such as Arg X and Lys X specific extracellular cysteine proteinases , the accumulation of inflammatory cytokines is a major contributor to the breakdown of periodontal tissues. While there is some debate as to whether P. gingivalis derived LPS activates both TLR2 and TLR4, several studies indicate that both receptors can be stimulated by highly purified LPS or lipid A molecules, and by stimulation with the intact bacterium .
The cilium is a subcellular organelle that protrudes from the plasma membrane of almost every vertebrate cell. While ciliopathies can present overlapping phenotypes, the extent to which the pathways mechanistically overlap has yet to be determined . Seven proteins  form a stable complex, the BBSome, which mediates protein trafficking to the ciliary membrane and perhaps to other membrane compartments .
Mitochondria are essential for maintaining neuronal viability and neuronal function because of their ability to provide ATP, regulate calcium homeostasis and control Fe/S cluster biogenesis . Consistent with this critical role, abnormalities in mitochondrial structure and function are closely associated with a wide array of neurological diseases and nervous system injury . Recent evidence demonstrates that mitochondria are highly dynamic structures that display significant variability in size, shape and distribution.
Ovarian cancer remains the most lethal gynecologic cancer, with approximately 15,000 ovarian cancer related deaths estimated in the United States in 2008 . Secretory leukocyte protease inhibitor  has been reported as one of the most commonly amplified genes in epithelial ovarian cancer , an observation that is explained in part by genomic amplification of the SLPI locus, 20q12 13 . Significantly elevated serum concentrations of SLPI have been found in ovarian cancer patients compared to healthy women or women with benign ovarian cysts, leading to the inclusion of SLPI in some experimental ovarian cancer biomarker panels  .
The obligate intracellular pathogen, Anaplasma phagocytophilum, survives and propagates primarily within neutrophils by reprogramming critical granulocyte functions. This reprogramming includes delayed neutrophil apoptosis that allows time for bacterial replication , increased recruitment and clustering of neutrophils which promotes bacterial dissemination and inflammatory response , and impaired host defenses, such as reduced NADPH oxidase superoxide anion production that permits intracellular survival . These modifications occur with active intracellular replication and with changes in host gene transcription.
Iron, copper, and zinc are three of the most abundant transition metals in biology and are essential components of most cells . Accordingly, there is a growing body of evidence indicating that cells maintain total concentrations of these transiton metal ions within a narrow conserved range, which is defined as the resting or minimal “metal quota”,,. However, cells such as mammalian oocytes are rare and there are few quantitative approaches appropriate for single cell analysis, making it difficult to establish the concentration of essential metals and their functions at key points in development .
HIV drug resistance  testing is not routinely available in many resource limited settings , therefore ART program and site factors known to be associated with HIVDR should be monitored to optimize the quality of patient care and minimize the emergence of preventable HIVDR . In 2009, Namibia selected five World Health Organization Early Warning Indicators  and piloted abstraction at nine antiretroviral therapy  sites: ART prescribing practices, Patients lost to follow up  at 12 months, Patient retention on first line ART at 12 months, On time antiretroviral  drug pick up, and ARV drug supply continuity . Definitions for these selected EWIs and their respective recommended targets are summarized in  .
Rapamycin  is a specific inhibitor of the mTORC1 signaling complex, the central regulator of cell nutrient sensing and energy metabolism . Applied in high doses , rapa is a well known immune suppressant, used to prevent organ rejection . However, recent seminal studies highlighted the importance of nutrient sensing pathways during an immune response by showing that short term mTORC1 inhibition using low dose rapa  enhanced the development of antigen specific memory CD8 T cells during acute infection .
Compared with cone mediated photopic vision or rod mediated scotopic vision, mesopic vision is more complex because it involves both rods and cones, i.e., rod and cone signals interact with each other to contribute to our vision. Modern anatomical and physiological studies have identified three major neural retinogeniculate pathways in the primate visual system that convey retinal information to visual cortex, the magnocellular , parvocellular , and koniocellular  pathways . The pathways are named after different layers of lateral geniculate nucleus  that receive inputs from distinct types of retinal ganglion cells and project to different areas of primary visual cortex.
Hyperthermia therapy for the treatment of solid tumors has been under investigation and used in clinical trials for several decades. While not utilized as extensively in the USA, a recent phase III study reported by Jones et al. at Duke University confirmed the European results for superficial tumors. These tools influence the pre treatment plan but provide less guidance for monitoring the therapy or adapting its delivery during a procedure as a result of variables not easily predicted or controlled , which can have profound effects on the thermal dose achieved .
Octadecyl rhodamine B  is a cationic amphiphile used in numerous studies including electronic energy transfer in organized molecular assemblies,  membrane structure,  and distances of closest approach between protein domains and membranes. In a series of papers,  we have described the use of R18 as an acceptor in fluorescence resonance energy transfer  experiments where we examined the dynamic structural transformation of a cell adhesion molecule, α4β1 integrin in living cells. In these studies, the expression of α4β1 integrins on the cell surface was presented in terms of a fluorescence measurement of an α4 specific peptide derivative 4 ureido) phenylacetyl L leucyl L aspartyl L valyl L prolyl L alanyl L alanyl L lysine .
Increasing evidence indicates that many cell types including fibroblasts respond to stresses, such as oxidative stress, inflammatory cytokines and various genotoxic agents, by engaging in a senescent like phenotype, which differs from replicative senescence in that no telomere shortening is detected . With compelling evidence for the existence of senescence in vivo , this irreversible cell cycle arrest state has been considered as an important tumor suppressor mechanism . Paradoxically, abundant evidence indicates that senescent fibroblasts secrete degradative enzymes, cytokines and growth factors, which closely resemble activated those of fibroblasts .
Liver ischemia and reperfusion injury , an exogenous Ag independent inflammatory event, occurs in multiple clinical settings, including partial hepatectomy, trauma, and transplantation. Indeed, IRI remains one of the most critical problemsin liver transplant recipients causing up to 10% of early graft failure, leading to a higher incidence of acute and chronic rejection, and contributing to acute donor liver shortage . Back in 2003, we proposed that liver damage due to reperfusion following prolonged ischemia should be considered as an innate immunity dominated inflammation response .
Naked mole rats are eusocial African rodents that inhabit a cooperative social environment that is characterized by a reproductive hierarchy and division of labor . Naked mole rats live in large subterranean colonies where a single reproductively active breeding female, or queen, will mate and produce offspring for the entire colony . Pregnancy induced lumbar spine elongation increases as each pregnancy progresses, peaks just before parturition, and subsides after birth .
Functional deficits after spinal cord injury  are caused primarily by destruction of axonal connections between neurons and failure of spontaneous axonal regeneration. Regeneration failure is attributed to factors intrinsic to injured neurons, including the inability to activate genetic growth programs  , and to extrinsic factors, including molecular inhibitors . An unfulfilled goal of spinal cord regeneration research remains the reinnervation of natural neuronal targets.
Nephrotoxic serum  mediated kidney disease is a well studied mouse model of glomerulonephritis  and has proven to be a valuable model providing insights into the mechanism of lupus nephritis . The severity of injury correlates directly with the dose of antibody injected. Histological changes induced by inflammatory injury exhibit apoptosis related subtly degrees of abnormalities.
Peripheral neuropathy associated with agenesis of the corpus callosum is an autosomal recessive disease characterized by progressive sensorimotorneuropathy, mental retardation, dysmorphic features  and complete or partial agenesis of the corpuscallosum . The mice alsodeveloped high blood pressure , age related deafness , and renal dysfunction . In a recent study, Shekarabi et al used a synapsin 1 promoter CRE mouse todrive deletion of KCC3 in neurons, and demonstrated that loss of neuronal KCC3reproduced the neuropathy phenotype observed in the KCC3 knockout mouse.
Reported rates of sphincter preserving surgery  for rectal cancer in the US range from 26.9% to 54.3% . Preservation of continence is an important goal, but will not be technically feasible in all patients. While reported rates have increased over time  with improved surgical technique  and preoperative imaging modalities , a large amount of institutional variability remains .
Rats display differential response to stress. In an outbred population of SD  rats, Wood et al. Two groups of rat populations were identified, one exhibiting extreme aggression, and the other displaying docile behavior. The question of whether aggression is associated with stress and anxiety is important.
Amyloid β  has been the most cited probable causative factor in Alzheimer’s disease  since the identification of Aβ in 1984 . One of the main theories in AD causation is the Amyloid Cascade Hypothesis, which proposes that Aβ formation leads to a series of neurotoxic events that eventually lead to cell death . As a result, significant amounts of research have been performed analyzing the relationship between Aβ42 and Aβ40 levels and cognitive performance in transgenic mice, and numerous articles have claimed a significant correlation between increased Aβ levels and cognitive decline  .
Altered metabolism was among the earliest observed differences between cancer and healthy tissues. Under anaerobic conditions pyruvate is converted to lactate and ATP generation is limited . Pyruvate kinase operates at the final step of glycolysis catalyzing the transfer of a phosphate group from phosphoenolpyruvate  to ADP, yielding one molecule of ATP and one molecule of pyruvate.
Chronic exposure to inorganic arsenic  in drinking water has been associated with cancer and it is suspected to cause other chronic diseases, including diabetes. There is, however, a high degree of inter individual variation in iAs metabolism and disease manifestation. The presence of variant alleles in intronic G12390C , C14215T  and G35991A  SNPs were shown to be significantly associated with the second methylation step in indigenous women in northern Argentina, that is, with lower percentage of total As  in urine represented by monomethylarsenic  and higher percentage represented by dimethylarsenic .
Amide amide NOESY provides valuable distance constraints for calculating global folds of large proteins, which are especially important for proteins with high β sheet content. In extreme cases, such as β barrel proteins, amide amide constraints alone can be sufficient to define the overall topology. Amide amide NOESY is also useful for defining secondary structure elements and for confirming and extending backbone amide assignments.
Both coronary artery calcium  and the ankle brachial index  are measures of subclinical cardiovascular disease ., From a prevention perspective, it is important to monitor these subclinical CVD measures and determine which risk factors may contribute to their changes. In this regard, the direct effects of physical activity  on the development or progression of subclinical atherosclerosis are not well established. In patients with intermittent claudication, a decline to a lower ABI has been linked to decreased participation in moderate and vigorous PA.
Failure to form an optimally vascularized and adequately invaded placenta may result in a range of pathologies, including recurrent miscarriage and pregnancy induced hypertension  . Many aspects of placental development are believed to be genetically determined and therefore genes responsible for placental development are obvious candidates for susceptibility to conditions associated with placental dysfunction, such as preeclampsia . We hypothesize that genes involved in early placental development and, in particular, trophoblast invasion, will be important regulators of placental invasion and that genetic variations in such genes may play a role in predisposing to the development of PIH .
Racial minorities are priority populations to reduce HIV/AIDS disparities in the United States. Prevention approaches encompass a range of proven effective strategies including increasing early HIV testing, improving access to treatment, treatment linkage and retention programs, reducing HIV associated risk behaviors, and implementing harm reduction strategies. Young people  account for approximately 26% of new HIV diagnoses and African Americans constitute approximately 44% of new HIV cases annually .
The intestine is exposed constantly to many antigens and innate immune stimuli, including dietary constituents, commensal bacteria and pathogens . If this process fails, inappropriate responses can lead to inflammatory bowel diseases and celiac disease. Mononuclear phagocytes  in the lamina propria  such as dendritic cells  and macrophages  are central to these events, serving distinct, yet complementary functions.
It is well established that regular participation in vigorous and moderate intensity physical activity lowers the risk of cardiovascular disease  and CVD mortality. Paradoxically, the risk of an acute cardiac event, including myocardial infarction or sudden cardiac death , is increased during a bout of physical activity, although less so in those who are habitually physically active,. Accordingly, efforts to identify adults at elevated risk for physical activity associated cardiovascular complications usually center on assessment of CVD risk factors and/or diagnosis of occult CVD .
It is well established that the NF κB family of transcription factors plays a critical role in B cell physiology,. Activation of NF κB via the alternative pathway, which is mediated by NF κB inducing kinase  and IKK1  downstream of B cell activation factor of the TNF family  BAFF receptor  interactions, is essential for mature B cell survival. In contrast, the role of NF κB signaling in B cell development remains unclear, and is indeed highly controversial .
Many glomerular diseases accompany proteinuria, and structural damage develops along the downstream tubule. This tubule injury is closely correlated with progressive loss of kidney function . pointed to uncertainties underlying those studies.
The mesolimbic dopamine  pathway is composed of DA neurons in the ventral tegmental area  of the midbrain that project to the dorsal striatum, hippocampus, amygdala, and prefrontal cortex . This diffuse modulatory pathway is involved in attention to rewarding stimuli, learned behavior, and drug addiction . It is believed that VTA DA neurons are inhibited by local GABA interneurons, and projection GABA neurons from other brain regions .
Differentiated thyroid cancer  constitutes approximately 95% of thyroid carcinomas. DTC arises from aberrant follicular cells and is classified histologically as either papillary, follicular , or poorly differentiated., Generally DTC is effectively treated by surgery, radioactive iodine , and l thyroxine therapy., However, 723% of patients develop distant metastases, and two thirds of patients with distant metastases become RAI refractory. These patients have poor prognosis, and lack of effective therapy  makes their clinical management difficult.
The response of insects to microbial infections encompasses several distinct mechanisms . Sessile and circulating blood cells, the cellular arm of host defense, phagocytose microorganisms present in the hemolymph. It is surmised that reactive oxygen compounds that are toxic to microorganisms are generated during the process of melanin synthesis and deposition .
The autonomic nervous system  plays a crucial role in the tonic maintenance of blood pressure . For example, muscle sympathetic nerve activity  is tightly coupled to BP via the baroreflex . Unexpectedly, in women, MSNA is not related to TPR or CO , indicating that women regulate BP differently in comparison to young men .
Asthma is a complex heterogeneous disorder, with a broad spectrum of phenotypes ranging from mild to severe disease with varying degrees of responsiveness to standard steroid therapy. In addition, TH17 cells, which mediate neutrophil recruitment, are thought to play an influential role in asthma pathogenesis, especially in asthmatics that fail to respond to glucocorticoid therapy. However, the presence of this phenotype in patients is yet to be clearly defined .
Acanthamoeba keratitis  is a debilitating, extremely painful and vision impairing infection of the cornea caused by parasites of genus Acanthamoeba . Contact lens wear is thought to be the leading risk factor . Given that over 25 million individuals in the United States alone wear contact lenses and the amoebae are ubiquitous in the environment, one wonders why the occurrence of AK is not much higher.
Protein splicing is an auto catalytic posttranslational process in which an in frame protein fusion, called an intein, is excised from the precursor protein with the concomitant ligation of the two flanking exteins, the N  and C exteins. In principle, intein inhibitors, as a novel class of antibiotics, would have minimal toxic effects to human cells. Intein sequences are characterized by conserved blocks .
Over the past three decades, fretting and corrosion of modular taper connections has been studied in the context of total hip arthroplasty . Modularity affords the surgeon greater flexibility to restore knee function and stability for the patient. Thus, modularity is employed in TKA, although to a lesser extent than in THA .
Macrocyclic antibiotics were first introduced as a new class of chiral selectors for enantioseparations by HPLC and capillary electrophoresis in 1994. There are many structurally related oligophenolic glycopeptides belonging to the later group which have proven to be useful. Thus far, vancomycin, ristocetin, teicoplanin, A82846B, LY307599, avoparcin and A40926 of the macrocyclic glycopeptide family, have been evaluated as chiral selectors.
The differentiation fates of cells are often influenced by the intercellular signals that cells receive. In the first phase, cells in the eye field asynchronously proliferate from the earliest larval stage until the third instar stage of larval life . RD genes encode transcription factors that promote the development of eyes throughout the animal kingdom, and they are organized in a hierarchical transcription network.
Prolonged hypertension is a prevalent and significant contributor to morbidity and mortality from heart failure. The DASH clinical trials provided evidence that diets rich in fruits and vegetables reduced blood pressure. Animal models of hypertension permit mechanistic appraisals of the interaction of diet and disease.
Ganaxolone , the 3β methyl analog of the progesterone metabolite allopregnanolone, is the first neurosteroid related agent to be evaluated in man for the drug treatment of epilepsy . The most studied and best accepted molecular target of neurosteroids is GABAA receptors . As is the case for other agents that enhance GABAA receptor mediated inhibition, ganaxolone exhibits protective activity in diverse animal seizure models .
Protein kinases play key regulatory roles for many processes in cells, influencing signal transduction cascades by the phosphorylation of target proteins. For example, activating mutations are a common and recurrent cause of diverse types of cancer . Similar types of activating mutations in LRRK2 , cause dominantly inherited form of Parkinson’s disease  .
Bronchopulmonary dysplasia  is the most common cause of pulmonary morbidity in premature infants. Infants with BPD are at increased risk for death, and survivors have life long morbidities. Despite the increased survival of extremely premature infants, BPD remains a major morbidity., Approximately 40% of infants born between 22 and 28 weeks gestation are diagnosed with BPD, defined as oxygen supplementation at 36 weeks postmenstrual age .,, Developing drugs to prevent or treat BPD, a major goal of neonatal care over the past 20 years, would substantially decrease long term morbidity and reduce healthcare costs of premature infants .
Arterially perfused right and left ventricular wedge preparations have proved valuable in the elucidation of the cellular basis for the electrocardiogram  and the mechanisms underlying a variety of arrhythmogenic syndromes, including the Brugada, long QT, and short QT syndromes  as well as conduction disease, catecholaminergic VT , and ischemia related arrhythmias. , In all cases, transmural heterogeneities, or differences in the action potential duration and morphology across the ventricular wall, have been shown to contribute prominently to arrhythmogenesis attending these syndromes . Timothy syndrome, also referred to as syndactyly associated long QT syndrome  or LQT8, is a multisystem disorder characterized by developmental defects causing dysmorphic facial features including round face, flat nasal bridge, receding upper jaw, thin upper lip and webbing of the toes and fingers .
Obesity is a major public health concern. Despite efforts to decrease obesity prevalence, the number of obese adults continues to rise. Exercise, and more commonly physical activity  are used to increase energy expenditure .
Loma Linda University, in collaboration with Northern Illinois University and UC Santa Cruz, has built and tested a pre clinical prototype proton CT  scanner based on a design presented previously . The system is designed for scanning of head sized phantoms and small animals. This report presents some of our preliminary test results for the scanner installed on the research beam line at Loma Linda University Medical Center  .
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  are a diverse family of ligand gated cation channels found primarily in neuronal and muscle cells in humans. Structurally, each nAChR exists as either a homopentamer of α subunits or a heteropentamer of α and β proteins. nAChRs can be formed by any grouping of α2 α6 subunits together with β2β4 subunits; leading to a large assortment of different receptor subtype combinations.
The human pathogen, Helicobacter pylori, has colonized the stomach of the majority of humans for millennia . Given the vast degree of genetic diversity found among H. pylori clinical isolates, it is not difficult to imagine how variations in strain background may contribute to differential disease outcomes. The degree of diversity that exists among H. pylori strains was first shown when the second genome sequence became available for this organism; strains 26695  and J99  have a 6% difference in their genomic content.
Testicular germ cell carcinoma  is the most common malignancyin younger men. Age, history of undescended testes, family history of testicular cancer, and race/ethnicity are the only established risk factors for the disease . Although not entirely consistent, associations observed for inguinal hernia, estrogen excess during gestation, maximal height attained, and the relatively young age at which testicular cancers are diagnosed compared to other cancers suggest that early life events are involved in testicular cancer carcinogenesis .
Sterol carrier protein 2  is known as a nonspecific intracellular lipid carrier. However, four genes encoding single SCP 2 domain proteins have been identified in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti . The in vivo physiological roles of these mosquito SCP 2 and SCP 2 like proteins remain unclear.
As a term, hypoxia, in its most encompassing, indicates a diminished availability of oxygen. Systemic hypoxia occurs in a variety of conditions, diseases and accidents often precipitated by dysfunctional respiration , but loss of blood based oxygen carrying capacity, reduced oxygen transportation from capillaries to tissue  and environmental oxygen loss  are also common precipitants. Outside the primary care setting, pulmonary disease associated hypoxia often significantly impacts well being, as the acute and overt consequences of labored breathing, dyspnea, and dizziness significantly suppresses the performance of activities of daily living .
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ http://medicare.gov/hospitalcompare website makes available to the public quality of care data from over 4,000 hospitals in the United States. As such, the website fits into an overarching goal of healthcare reform for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services  to increase the patient centeredness of healthcare by providing the patient with data so that he or she can intelligently participate in his or her care decisions . Among the measures that CMS reports on the website are a group of surgical process of care measures called the Surgical Care Improvement Project .
Retail clinics provide a new model of urgent care. Located in retail stores such as pharmacy, discount, or grocery chains, these clinics require no appointments, are open on weekends and evenings, report little waiting time, and offer services limited to immunizations and treatment of minor acute conditions. Compared to outpatient physicians, retail clinics serve a population that is younger, more likely to be uninsured, and less likely to have a primary care physician.
Systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis  is a chronic inflammatory disease of childhood characterized by a combination of systemic features  and arthritis. Although SJIA represents only 10 20% of all JIA, it accounts for more than 2/3 of JIA mortality . Levels of macrophage migration inhibitory factor , which up regulates phagocytic function and secretion of pro inflammatory cytokines by macrophages, are also significantly elevated in SJIA serum and synovial fluid  and may drive monocyte activation in SJIA, at least in part.
Hematopoietic cell transplantation  is a complex treatment procedure for various malignant and non malignant hematological disorders. Patients who undergo allogeneic HCT often experience post transplant complications which may lead to prolonged hospitalizations, readmissions or even death. Patients who may benefit from allogeneic HCT are often referred to larger treatment centers.
Proteases play a critical role in tumorigenesis by facilitating rapid cell cycling, mediating local invasion, fueling angiogenesis, and promoting metastasis . Specifically, cathepsin B , a lysosomal cysteine protease, has been shown to be involved in tumor initiation, hyperproliferation, and de differentiation and is up regulated in early human colon adenomas, carcinomas and metastasic lesions . The central role of CTSB in carcinogenesis suggests that it is not only a promising target for therapy or chemoprevention, but for molecular detection of neoplasia  .
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration  describes a heterogeneous group of non Alzheimer forms of dementia with onset of illness usually before 65 years of age arising from the degeneration of the frontal and temporal lobes. The main clinical syndrome in FTLD is frontotemporal dementia , though related disorders of semantic dementia  and progressive non fluent aphasia  stem from differing topographical distributions of what is considered to be a similar underlying pathology . When the behavioural and personality changes of FTD are accompanied by clinical motor neurone disease , the syndrome of FTD with motor neurone disease  emerges  .
Atherosclerosis has been linked to multiple risk factors including hypertension, elevated cholesterol, smoking, diabetes, and obesity. The adductor canal  is the region in which the femoral artery passes from the anterior thigh at the femoral triangle, between the vastus and adductor muscles, to the posterior thigh at the adductor hiatus where it exits the canal and becomes the popliteal artery . This region of the artery is relatively straight and free of major branches, yet is a prevalent site for disease , suggesting that mechanical factors are especially important here.
The senile plaque is a pathological hallmark of Alzheimer’s disease  and is composed of β amyloid , activated microglia, astrocytes and degenerating neurons . Microglia, the mononuclear phagocytes of the brain , accumulate in senile plaques in AD patients and in animal models of AD . However, their exact role in the pathogenesis of AD remains to be elucidated.
T1 weighted gradient echo and T2 weighted spin echo imaging is a routine component of pediatric abdominal MRI for evaluation of the abdomen. Although respiratory triggering and navigation is routinely used for T2 weighted imaging and coronary imaging , there has been less attention to mitigating motion artifacts in T1 weighted imaging. One common approach is phase reordering .
Molecular screening lies at the foundation of biological tests in the clinic and at the bench, with specific examples including expression profiling of messenger RNA to connect drug responses to disease  and microRNA profiling for cancer diagnostics. It can also be viewed as a limitation in throughput, when considering sample pooling . All of these attributes are extremely important for biomolecule quantification as they determine the sensitivity, specificity, and dynamic range of detection.
5 Fluorouracil  based neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy has become standard care for patients with advanced rectal cancer, resulting in decreased local recurrence rates, improved tolerance of prescribed therapy, improved organ preservation, and fewer treatment related complications . However, with current preoperative treatment strategies, complete pathologic response only is observed in approximately 20% of cases with ∼40% of the tumors demonstrating no pathologic response . Molecular mechanisms resulting in therapeutic resistance in colorectal cancer  are poorly understood.
Brugada syndrome  is a primary arrhythmogenic disease that can cause sudden cardiac death in young populations. It is inherited as an autosomal dominant trait, with approximately 20% of BrS cases caused by mutations in the SCN5A gene that encodes the α subunit of the cardiac sodium channel. Electrophysiological studies using animal models and mammalian cell lines have suggested that reduced sodium currents account for loss of the epicardial action potential  dome, which may lead to the exaggeration of the transmural AP dispersion in the right ventricular outflow tract and gives rise to the typical ST segment elevation in the right precordial electrocardiogram  leads.
Cystine  and cysteine residues are important for protein structure and function. In their reduced form, cysteines participate in the active site of different enzymes and, together with histidine, are the two most common residues involved in the coordination of zinc ions in Zn finger motifs  . In a seminal work,  showed that chemical shifts of proteins can be computed accurately by quantum chemical approaches.
Uterine leiomyosarcoma  is a high risk malignancy that is diagnosed in only a few thousand women each year in the United States. Median survival for women with advanced or unresectable, recurrent disease is less than one year. Single agents with moderate activity in LMS include ifosfamide  and gemcitabine .
Centrosome duplication in somatic cells is regulated so that the parental centrosome assembles one and only one daughter centrosome during each division cycle . At the core of the centrosome lies a pair of microtubule based structures known as centrioles. In mammalian cultured cells, a tube structure has been described that reproduces during centrosome duplication .
Cancer of the skin is one of the most common types of human cancers. Melanoma accounts for about 4% of skin cancer cases but causes a large majority of skin cancer deaths. Treatments for advanced disease are inadequate .
Rabies is an important zoonotic disease that is estimated to kill at least 60 000 people worldwide each year . It is caused by the rabies virus, a non segmented, negative strand lyssavirus in the Rhabdoviridae family. PEP readily prevents development of clinical rabies and death when given soon after exposure to a rabid animal .
Although diabetes prevalence and incidence continues to increase in the United States , the burden of diabetes varies greatly among race/ethnicity subgroups, with nationally representative data indicating African Americans having the highest prevalence followed by Latinos and whites . Diabetes burden also varies among US immigrants by place of birth, with foreign born Asians having the highest diabetes prevalence . When compared to US born individuals, diabetes prevalence is typically higher among foreign born individuals .
For decades, psychopathy researchers have theorized that the extreme affective and behavioral traits that characterize the disorder could arise through different causal mechanisms. In previous studies primary and secondary psychopaths have typically been differentiated based on levels of trait anxiety . This practice is supported by ample theoretical and empirical work.
Diffusion tensor MRI  has emerged as a promising tool for in vivo studies of muscle architecture , damage and inflammatory processes , microstructure , and for quantitative interpretation of blood oxygenation level dependent  contrast effects . and subsequently confirmed in studies of both skeletal  and cardiac  muscle. Several studies have demonstrated that measuring diffusion transverse to the muscle fibers’ long axes may be useful for examining the health and microstructural properties of muscle.
An essential function of the visual system is to maintain stable representations of the environment across saccadic eye movements. As the eyes move, the retinotopic  positions of objects change, while their spatiotopic  positions remain stable. How does the visual system resolve the intrinsic instability of a retinotopic representation in the face of almost continuous eye movements?
For persons with severe mental illness , the period following discharge from inpatient psychiatric treatment is frequently a period of significant personal disequilibrium. Disengagement from mental health services and other supports jeopardizes the potential for future community adjustment, and warrants interventions that establish, maintain and strengthen adequate linkages to ongoing care . Researchers have focused on continuity of care  as a key indicator of quality of care in health services generally , including in the domain of mental health services  for persons with severe mental illness .
Helicobacter pylori infects half of the world’s population and is a causative agent of gastritis, peptic ulcer, gastric cancer and lymphoma . The host response to H. pylori provides an environment in which epithelial cells may be damaged by mediators of inflammation including cytokines , proteases and reactive oxygen and nitrogen species . Infection with H. pylori results in apoptosis of gastric epithelial cells due to multiple mechanisms including the Fas/FasL system , MHC class II , the mitochondrial pathway  as well as the p53 protein family  .
It is widely appreciated that with aging comes an increasing risk of cancer incidence, yet epidemiologic data indicate that at ages greater than about 60 years, the rate at which incidence increases begins to diminish, and at sufficiently old ages, may even decrease . Recently, Lopez Otin and colleagues  identified nine ubiquitous "hallmarks" of aging: genomic instability, telomere attrition, epigenetic alterations, loss of proteostasis, deregulated nutrient sensing, mitochondrial dysfunction, cellular senescence, stem cell exhaustion, and altered intercellular communication. Genomic instability and epigenetic alterations have also been identified as key processes in carcinogenesis .
The blood brain barrier  is one of the most challenging factors for effective diagnosis and treatment of brain diseases. Others have had promising results with biopharmaceutical approaches such as the modification of drugs to cross the barrier through endogenous transport mechanisms . This method has several potential advantages over other approaches tested to overcome the BBB .
Postoperative hypersensitivity  can be defined as pain in a tooth associated with mastication or with contact with hot, cold, sweet, or sour stimuli that occurs 1 week or more posttreatment. A 2006 survey of the authors’ practice based research network  revealed that POH following posterior resin based composite  restorations is a common concern among its member practitioner investigators. The literature on POH is sparse, however, and it is difficult to draw firm conclusions from the few relevant published studies.
Long lived serological memory is the product of long lived memory B cells  and plasma cells . Bmem cells are long lived although their half life is as yet undefined in both mouse and man . IgM Bmem cells are produced independent of T cell help, differentiate in the absence of GC structure , produce natural antibodies  and part of circulating marginal zone B cells .
Adolescents’ involvement in high risk sexual behaviors renders them vulnerable to unplanned pregnancies and sexually transmitted infection  . An emerging body of research has investigated this problem from the perspective of Life History Theory  . LHT, a branch of evolutionary biology, maintains that organisms maximize their reproductive success in response to environmental conditions .
We report here on a new genome scan meta analysis   of genome wide linkage scans  of schizophrenia . We previously published a GSMA of 20 scans that included 1208 pedigrees with 2945 genotyped affected individuals. Meta analysis can achieve much larger sample sizes than single studies.
Regaining mobility at the community level is a fundamental component of successful rehabilitation among stroke survivors . However, current research on poststroke mobility has focused primarily on visible physical attributes, for example, gait performance . Spatial neglect also significantly influences mobility performance.
Stress is considered to be an important factor in the initiation, maintenance and relapse to alcohol abuse . Human laboratory studies have supported a strong positive relationship between experimentally induced stress and alcohol related behaviours. Stressors increase alcohol craving and subjective anxiety and induce autonomic changes , and several studies have demonstrated an increase in alcohol consumption following acute stress in social drinkers  and alcoholics .
Parkinson disease  is an age associated neurodegenerative disease clinically defined as a progressive movement disorder. In advanced PD, patients also exhibit cognitive deficits and depression. Research data have clearly indicated that during PD, SN dopaminergic neurons are subject to oxidative and nitrosative stress .
Dynamic cerebral autoregulation adjusts cerebral perfusion pressure  in response to arterial pressure fluctuations on a beat to beat basis within a relatively short time, ranging from 6 to 12 sec . Impairment of autoregulation is observed after traumatic brain injury  , and it is one of the mechanisms rendering the brain vulnerable to secondary ischemia and leading to fatal outcomes . Reliable assessment of cerebral autoregulation is clinically important for monitoring of patients requiring neurological intensive care .
Ras genes frequently sustain oncogenic mutations in human and rodent cancers and many immortalized cell lines can be transformed by introduction of activated Ras alleles such as H RasV12 . In addition, activated Ras down regulates an array of anti oncogenic genes that promote apoptosis, cell cycle arrest, DNA repair, and differentiation. These include Fas , the p16Ink4a tumor suppressor , lysyl oxidase , prostate apoptosis response 4  , the cytoskeletal protein tropomyosin , PTEN , RhoB , Gadd153/CHOP , Egr 1, and FOXO3a .
Membrane proteins carry out their functions by changing their structures under specific environmental cues. The M2 protein forms a pH gated tetrameric proton channel in the virus envelope that is important for virus replication . The membrane spanning helix of the M2 protein contains the pH sensing , gating , and amantadine binding residues , and is thus the functional core of the protein .
The kidney derives from the intermediate mesoderm  that is a narrow strip of mesodermal cells sandwiched between the paraxial mesoderm and the lateral plate mesoderm. During embryogenesis, three sets of nephric structures  emerge from the nephric cord within the IM in succession from an anterior to posterior direction. Some components of the transient mesonephric kidney contribute to the development of the metanephric kidney.
Stroke is the third major cause of death and the leading cause of long term disability in the U.S. Although men are at greater risk for stroke, older women have a higher risk for stroke than men , more fatal strokes, greater post stroke disability and mental impairment . Declining ovarian steroid hormones are thought to contribute to the increased stroke associated disability and fatality in this group .
Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation  is a curative therapy for hematological malignancies , owing to the graft versus leukemia/lymphoma  effect mediated by alloreactive T cells, but graft versus host disease  mediated by the same alloreactive T cells remains as a major obstacle . It has long been proposed that, in the pathogenesis of acute GVHD, recipient hematopoietic antigen presenting cells  such as dendritic cells play a major role in initiating allogeneic T cell activation and induction of acute GVHD . Critical cellular interactions occur in secondary lymphoid organs such as mesenteric lymph nodes  that function as the meeting ground between host APCs and donor T cells .
Arterial spin labeling   is a magnetic resonance  method for the measurement of tissue perfusion, and has been most widely used for the evaluation of cerebral blood flow  . In combination with measurements of other MR parameters , evolving tissue status can be assessed over experimental time courses of minutes or hours  . Quantification of CBF using ASL methods is an active area of research .
In settings as diverse as malignant transformation to stem cell differentiation, when cells change their identities, epigenetic mechanisms mediate and finalize these new cellular identities. They arise de novo or progress from lower grade to higher grade over time . Recent work has assisted in classification of glioma tumors .
Cyclooxygenase II  is one of two enzymes that catalyze the rate limiting step in the synthesis of prostaglandins. For example, high COX 2 in benign atypical hyperplasia lesions is associated with increased risk of developing breast cancer . COX 2 enhances breast cancer metastasis to bone in mouse models  and is associated with bone marrow and brain metastasis .
We report a boy who received two allogeneic stem cell transplantations from umbilical cord donors to treat chronic granulomatous disease . The CGD was cured after the second transplantation, but 2½ years later, he was diagnosed with Duchenne muscular dystrophy  . Examinations of his DNA, muscle tissue, and myoblast cultures derived from muscle tissue were performed to determine whether any donor dystrophin was being expressed .
The central auditory system changes as a function of experience, reorganizing throughout the lifespan according to available auditory input. One way of shaping the auditory system is to use auditory training exercises. In a series of studies, we trained naive listeners to identify two within category pre voiced ‘ba’ sounds differing in voice onset time  .
Macroautophagy  is a catabolic process in which sequestered cytosolic components are delivered to a specialized compartment for degradation by lysosomal hydrolases. For example, it has become evident that components of the ESCRT complex machinery are essential to autophagosome maturation, either in the process of autophagosome closure, fusion with target vesicles, or both , . As the process of autophagosome maturation is further illuminated, additional molecular players in the process will undoubtedly become apparent .
Cortical bone is a composite material containing approximately 25% water by volume . In normal bone, most of the water is loosely bound to the organic matrix . Separation of bound water from pore water is of critical importance since the two are associated with different contributions to the mechanical properties of cortical bone .
The prognosis for patients with high grade brain tumors such as glioblastoma multiforme  remains poor. Since approximately 80% of patients develop tumor recurrence within 2 cm of the original tumor site, the aim of postoperative therapy is to eliminate the nests of tumor cells remaining in the margins of the resection cavity  . Photodynamic therapy  has been investigated as a postoperative treatment option following surgical tumor resection .
The turkey, Meleagris gallopavo, is native to North America and exists widely as both an important wild bird and the second most widely consumed poultry meat species in developed countries. It is surprising that the turkey, an ecologically and agriculturally important species, lacks a whole mtGenome sequence, which is one of the reasons why the phylogenetic relationship between the turkey and other avian species, especially gallinaceous birds, is also very little understood. Using DNA DNA hybridization,  reported, in broad terms, that based on DNA DNA hybridization data and in contrast to some earlier reports involving morphology as well as mtDNA, galliform birds form two clades one of which include chicken, guinea fowl, Old World quail, and turkey.
Health effects associated with air pollution have been studied in various cities around the world . Recent studies have found significant heterogeneity of PM associated health effects across cities or regions . More recent epidemiological studies have analyzed health outcomes associated with estimated exposure to PM related constituents , in addition to the standard PM mass metrics  .
Ornithine lipids  belong to a class of fatty acylated amino acids that do not contain either glycerol or phosphate. However, the function of the OL species in these bacteria remains unclear. Finally, we have recently noted that OL’s are one of the lipid species that remain associated to cytochrome c oxidase , when purified and crystallized from R. sphaeroides  .
Radiation exposure from a nuclear accident or a radiological attack may cause death from acute radiation syndrome , which results from radiation injury to key organ systems such as the hematopoietic system . Hematopoiesis is a radiation sensitive process and complications from radiation injury arise rapidly because radiation destroys both proliferating progenitor cells in the bone marrow and mature circulating cells in the peripheral blood . There are currently no pharmaceuticals approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  to mitigate hematopoietic ARS .
Human adolescents are at an increased risk of alcohol use. According to the 2006 Monitoring the Future National Survey, 6% of 8th graders, 19% of 10th graders and 30% of 12th graders reported being drunk within the past 30 days . Interactions with peers during adolescence provide a substantial source of positive experiences for humans , and, in the same way, an opportunity to interact with peers is more rewarding for adolescent rats than for their more mature counterparts  .
Ischemic heart disease is the leading cause of death worldwide. It is characterized by reduced blood flow to the damaged heart muscle followed by death of cardiomyocytes., At present, the only curative treatment for end stage congestive cardiac failure is cardiac transplantation with its obvious limitations and complications. Alternative multidisciplinary approaches, such as the combination of cardiac stem cell therapy with tissue engineering, have attracted considerable attention and expectations.
Making medical decisions in the context of serious illness is stressful, especially for surrogate decision makers. Although advance directive forms were developed in part to ease the burden of surrogate decision making,   a growing body of literature demonstrates that surrogates often feel unsupported and experience emotional burden and post traumatic stress. Cultural attitudes about end of life and surrogate decision making differ, ,  and many cultures do not adhere to Western views on autonomy   the cornerstone of traditional advanced care planning .
Control of mixing and transport in capillary bioreactors and biofouled capillary membranes is an important engineering challenge in industrial and biomedical systems. Staphylococcus epidermidis is a gram positive, coagulase negative member of the bacterial genus Staphylococcus. Unfortunately for these patients, S. epidermidis biofilms are resistant to most common antibiotics .
Polychlorinated biphenyls  were commercially manufactured in the United States from 1930 to 1970 for use as dielectrics in transformers and capacitors, and as cooling fluids in hydraulic systems. Nevertheless these compounds remain in use and in our environment today and represent a potential human health hazard  . Although their potency varies, mixtures of halogenated biphenyls as well as many individual congeners have been reported to be promoters of carcinogenesis in various liver tumor models .
Freezing of biological tissue is emerging in biomedical applications to treat diseased tissues  or to preserve tissues . Cryotherapies are minimally invasive surgical techniques to destroy malignant tissues by freezing while sparing surrounding normal tissues. This can provide a prolonged time window for transplantation and implantation surgery, and ultimately “off the shelf” availability of engineered tissues .
Depression is an often overlooked but pervasive disorder having a lifetime prevalence of 16% among the U.S. population  with women twice as likely to be affected as men . In women, depression has been studied in relation to polycystic ovarian syndrome , in vitro fertilization treatment success , and premenstrual dysphoric disorder . In addition, women with mental disorders, including clinical depression, are more likely to report menstrual cycle disturbances .
It is evident from pre clinical studies that tumor cells can be recognized by the immune system . Regulatory T cells are critical mediators of tolerance against self and foreign antigens . Evidence for the generation of adaptive Foxp3+ T reg cells outside the thymus was derived from the observation that chronic and low dose antigen presentation leads to the generation of adaptive Foxp3+ T reg cells .
Musculoskeletal models of the shoulder typically represent muscle lines of action as a collection of line segments . These models have been useful for a wide variety of applications including simulating surgical procedures , investigating wheelchair mechanics , and controlling neuroprostheses . However, shoulder muscles have characteristics that make them challenging to represent using line segment representations.
Our knowledge of the prospective association between two major public health problems of adolescents, depression and the use of addictive substances, remains limited. Prospective studies of the association of depressive disorders with substance use in adolescence warrant study, given the high prevalence of depressive disorders observed among youth with substance use disorders in both clinical and non clinical populations  Previous research on relationships between depression and smoking in adolescence has suggested bi directional causation  and reciprocal relationships . Adverse physical health related consequences of smokeless tobacco use are well understood, but whether it potentially contributes to nicotine dependence is, surprisingly, unknown .
Pelvic floor muscles  in women, which support the pelvic organs, include the levator ani and the coccygeus muscles, but do not include the external urethral sphincter  or the external anal sphincter. The PFM in female rats has a similar bowl shaped anatomic organization as humans with some exceptions, such as lack of a recognized puborectalis muscle. , There are conflicting opinions regarding levator ani and pudendal nerve innervation of the PFM.
Atherosclerosis contributes to nearly one half of the mortality in the western world and is growing in epidemic proportions in rapidly developing countries in Asia. High levels of blood cholesterol, high blood pressure, obesity, diabetes, stress, and lifestyles including smoking are among the risk factors contributing to this alarming increase in this disease. However, these therapeutic modalities do not decrease atherosclerotic plaque burden.
RNA molecules are extremely versatile functional biopolymers that participate in key informational pathways that characterize living organisms on Earth. Far from being simply coding for proteins as mRNA, a plethora of non coding RNAs are actively contributing to proteins translation as ribosomal RNAs and transfer RNAs, and various catalytic and regulatory functions as ribozymes, riboswitches and regulatory elements. By taking advantage of RNA architectonics, an approach for rationally designing 3D RNA architectures, we previously showed that the structural information encoding specific conformation of natural RNAs could be implemented within artificial RNA sequences to control both 3D shape and self assembling interfaces.
Chelatable iron and other transition metals such as copper catalyze formation of highly reactive hydroxyl radical  from H2O2 and superoxide , which damages DNA, proteins and membranes . Cytoprotection by desferal in various models of oxidative stress and hypoxia/ischemia suggests a role for iron in the pathogenesis of injury . In hepatocytes, generation of reactive oxygen species , including H2O2, O2• , and OH•, contributes to lethal cell injury from oxidative stress, various hepatotoxicants and ischemia/reperfusion .
The myriad of changes that occur in adolescence require substantial revision to the systems responsible for understanding one's experience. Research has shown that girls are far more likely than boys to engage in relational aggression . Additionally, girls perceive relationally aggressive behaviors to have greater negative consequences than do boys .
Macroevolutionary studies of neuroanatomy tend to show coordinated variation of different brain structures that are related to developmental constraints. Particular selective pressures, however, have been shown to exert effects on specific regions that result in a mosaic like pattern of evolution, with different structures showing divergent evolutionary trajectories. Cranial and craniofacial integration and modularity have been extensively investigated in studies of human evolutionary anatomy,.
Studies on both animals  and humans  have suggested a role for pathogens in the etiology of atherosclerosis, including cytomegalovirus , herpes simplex virus , hepatitis A virus , Helicobacter pylori , and particularly Chlamydia pneumoniae . The observation that periodontitis is related to atherosclerosis  further supports an infectious etiology. In addition to individual pathogens, pathogen burden  has been also found in association with atherosclerosis  .
Almost half of all deaths due to childhood pneumonia occur in sub Saharan African . World Health Organization  recommendations for case management of pneumonia in children aged 2  59 months have been credited with contributing to substantial reductions in mortality . For over two decades, these guidelines have recommended classification into four classes of severity based on clinical signs at initial presentation with inpatient management reserved for the severe categories   .
Stroke patients with higher density of cerebral blood vessels fare better and survive longer than those with lower vascular density . Adult bone marrow stromal cells  selectively target the injury site, participate in arteriogenesis and angiogenesis, and induce a neovascular response resulting in a significant increase in blood flow to the ischemic area which aids in repair of injured brain . Chemokines are important factors controlling cellular migration.
The microbiota plays an essential role in regulating intestinal homeostasis through its capacity to modulate various biological activities ranging from barrier, immunity and metabolic function. Recent evidence generated from experimental models indicates that microbial dysbiosis can influence intestinal disease, as implantation of cancer associated biota increased cancer development in the azoxymethane/dextran sodium sulfate model of colitis associated CRC,. While the biological events implicated in the development of microbial dysbiosis and emergence of carcinogenic microorganisms are yet to be defined, host genetics and environmental factors such as diet and lifestyle are likely contributing elements in microbial community assembly and maintenance .
HDACs are a family of enzymes that were initially characterized as histone deacetylases . HDACs have drawn intense research interest as inhibitors for these enzymes display potent anti tumor activities and induce cancer growth arrest or cell death . To date, it is not known which of the HDAC family members are the critical targets that underlie the anti tumor activity of HDAC inhibitors.
B cell commitment, survival, and immunoglobulin assembly are all products of a carefully orchestrated network of transcription factors guiding gene expression. In hematopoietic stem cells , graded expression of the transcription factors PU.1 and Ikaros direct development away from the myeloid lineage and into common lymphoid progenitors , . While the microenvironmental cues that direct early B cell commitment and differentiation are not entirely understood, IL 7R {http://www.signaling gateway.org/molecule/query?afcsid=A001267} and Flt 3 expression are critical.
All of us experience the involuntary shaking of the hands which is physiological tremor. This tremor places severe constraints on motor performance. Although many factors contribute to tremorigenesis, an important component comes from neural oscillators rhythmically active at ~10Hz  .
Inhibition of AR function is standard therapy for the initial presentation of disseminated prostate cancer . Unfortunately, the clinical benefit of these new therapies is not durable . These observations further emphasize the importance of AR signaling in PCa development and progression.
Chemokines are 812 kDa sized secreted proteins that mediate the directed migration  of leukocytes. The chemokine family encompasses nearly fifty members, which are classified based on the relative position of their conserved N terminal cysteine residues . Chemokines elicit intracellular responses via G protein coupled receptors .
The Botzinger complex  is a neuronal population of expiratory  neurons with an augmenting  discharge pattern within the most rostral extension of the ventral respiratory column  in the vicinity of the retrofacial nucleus . The BOT region and surrounding reticular formation also contain some E units with decrementing  discharge patterns  as well as other respiratory related neurons . The BOT area and particularly the pre Bötzinger complex  are believed to be important in the generation of the respiratory rhythm and modulation on expiratory motor activity .
Measures of arterial pulse pressure  variation and left ventricular  stroke volume  variation induced by positive pressure breathing vary in proportion to preload responsiveness. However, the accuracy of commercially available devices to report dynamic LV SV variation has never been validated . We compared the accuracy of measured arterial PP and estimated LV SV reported from two FDA approved aortic flow monitoring devices, one using arterial pulse power  and the other esophageal Doppler monitor  .
Ischemic stroke is an important contributor to morbidity and mortality. Maternal and perinatal coagulopathy predispose to pediatric stroke  with 30% of such events being due to thrombosis . Indeed, the brief therapeutic window of tPA and the high incidence of post treatment complications, including intracranial hemorrhage , have constrained the actual clinical use of tPA to approximately 38% of all patients eligible for such therapy .
Bone marrow derived mesenchymal stromal cells  have been widely investigated for their therapeutic potential in both autoimmune and alloimmune diseases . By comparison the successful clinical translation of BMSC therapy is still in question  and the mechanism of action remains largely unknown , representing an obstacle to further clinical applications of BMSC . Intravenous infusions of human BMSC are immediately sequestered in the lung microvasculature and their therapeutic effect in corneal injury and myocardial infarction has been attributed to paracrine secretory factors such as IL 10  and TSG 6 .
In the mammalian forebrain, most excitatory synapses are located on dendritic spines, small protrusions of dendrites. Spine morphology modulates synaptic properties and the ability to undergo plasticity, . Because dendrites and spines make up a significant fraction of the cortical neuropil, it has been hypothesized that changes in dendrite and spine number and morphology may lead to alterations in cortical thickness measures, a finding reported in several mental disorders, including schizophrenia .
Ideally, family implies a functional group living situation in which opportunities exist for economic and instrumental cooperation, informal communications, and reciprocated social and emotional obligations among family members . Family interaction and living provides the context for physical maintenance, familial affection, and social control of family members. Often, family involves the rearing of and caring for children.
In multi cellular organisms, a variety of biochemical, physiological and behavioral processes undergo rhythmic fluctuations that closely parallel the time course of the daily solar cycle. Evidence for their autoregulatory interactions and function in the clock mechanism is based on the observations that disruption or knockout of these PAS genes alters the regulation of other core components in the molecular feedback loops and abolishes circadian behavior . The aryl hydrocarbon receptor  is a PAS gene component of the signaling pathway responsible for the metabolism of drugs and environmental toxins such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons .
Few studies have analyzed the cohort effects of lifecourse socioeconomicposition  on racial disparities in body mass index  trajectories. We assessedthe contribution of lifecourse SEP on racial differences in BMI trajectories among twodifferent age cohorts of women . Four waves of the Americans' Changing Lives' study  were usedto compute BMI trajectories for 2194 Black and White women.
Protein isoforms can differ in their biological activity, regulatory properties, temporal and spatial expression and intracellular location . Protein isoforms harbor variations in the amino acid sequence and can originate from separate genes that have evolved from a single ancestor gene generated by gene duplication or from a single gene by alternative splicing. Furthermore, there can be sub isoforms when a particular protein isoform has a number of different possibilities of mRNA splicing, generating additional splice variants  .
A major limitation in human information processing concerns the ability of the brain to process two temporally close meaningful stimuli. For example, a delayed or larger T1 evoked P3b has been observed in trials in which T2 was missed  versus detected  . Usually, one starts by focusing or stabilizing concentration on an object such as the breath.
TiO2 nanoparticles  are a promising vehicle for the delivery of therapeutic and diagnostic agents. Moreover, the semiconductor and photocatalytic properties of TiO2 make it a potent source of electrons and electropositive holes as well as reactive oxygen species —all of which can react with cellular DNA., , , However, in order for NCs to be useful cytotoxic agents they must first be internalized and retained by cells. To achieve this goal, we have created TiO2 NCs that can bind Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor .
Temperature affects our lifestyle, as it conveys information about the environment and influences our comfort level. Animals need to process a variety of temperature stimuli appropriately to exhibit a proper behavioral response. ThermoTRP channels , which are evolutionally conserved temperature sensors , detect a wide range of temperatures and contribute to behaviors in many animals, including Drosophila .
The early down regulation of CB1  was first observed in post mortem tissue of HD patients and occurs in most mouse models of HD, including R6/2, R6/1, YAC128 and HdhQ150 mice . It was recently reported that mutant huntingtin acts at the Cnr1 promoter and inhibits CB1 expression in neurons . Furthermore, it is known that functional CB1 receptor signaling allows neurons to better resist various insults and pathological events by, for example, reducing excitotoxicity and regulating growth factor expression .
Photoreceptor cells are the sensory neurons in eye that absorb light to initiate vision. Since these cells are post mitotic, loss of photoreceptors results in permanent blindness. Insults that can kill photoreceptors include genetic mutations, mechanical injury and oxidative damage .
The pharmacokinetics of mycophenolic acid , the pharmacologically active component of mycophenolate mofetil  are well described in transplant recipients and population pharmacokinetic models are reported. After oral intake, MMF is rapidly and completely absorbed, hydrolyzed into the active MPA, which is 98% bound to plasma proteins, including albumin. MPA is primarily metabolized by glucuronidation to form the 7 O glucuronide conjugate  which then undergoes elimination via the kidneys or enterohepatic recirculation back to MPA in the gastrointestinal tract.
The size and asymmetry of neurons result in a non uniform distribution of demand for mitochondrial functions such as ATP synthesis and calcium homeostasis. Mitochondria are concentrated in areas of the neuron expected to have higher ATP consumption; indeed, synapses were first recognized ultrastructurally based in part on their high density of mitochondria . Other such regions are active growth cones and axon branches , nodes of Ranvier , myelination boundaries and demyelinated regions , and sites of axonal protein translation .
Inwardly rectifying potassium channels, and Kir2 channels in particular, are crucial for setting a sharp threshold for excitation in excitable cells, as well as stabilizing the resting membrane potential in both excitable and non excitable cells. They are particularly important in cardiac cells where they underlie IK1, the cardiac inwardly rectifying potassium conductance, and play a crucial role in shaping the action potential. Kir2.1 knockout mice die shortly after birth; however, studies in neonates reveal a lack of IK1 current, broadened action potentials and ineffective clamping of the resting membrane potential leading to spontaneous action potentials .
In the United States depression affects up to 2.5 percent of children and 8.3 percent of adolescents . The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor  fluoxetine  is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for child and adolescent depression . SSRIs are also used in anxiety and conduct disorders such as separation anxiety and aggression in these populations.
Endogenous serum peptides that carry important information of disease are considered to be great potential biomarkers for clinical diagnosis. Hepcidin, a hormone peptide, has been recognized as a potential biomarker for iron related disease. For example, both anemia of chronic disease  and iron deficiency anemia  present similar clinical indicators, such as decreased serum iron level and transferrin saturation.
Discovery of antibodies to citrullinated protein antigens  has improved our understanding of the seropositive subset of rheumatoid arthritis . ACPAs and rheumatoid factor  are present in serum of RA patients years before clinical diagnosis of RA. While these autoantibodies, particularly anti cyclic citrullinated peptide , are highly specific  for RA, the sensitivity in those who later develop RA is notably lower .
Pain present 6 months following root canal treatment  may be either of odontogenic or nonodontogenic origin. This is importance because treatments and prognoses are different; therefore the aim of this study was to provide specific diagnoses of patients reporting pain 6 months after receiving initial orthograde RCT . We enrolled patients from the Midwest region of an existing prospective observational study of pain after RCT.
The loss of skeletal muscle mass and alterations in contractile function known as sarcopenia is a common, though poorly understood phenomena of aging . Although the origins of sarcopenia are yet unknown, oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction are believed to play a role . Recent evidence in sarcopenic gastrocnemius muscle of young and old rats revealed increased proteolysis, reactive oxygen species  overproduction and vulnerability to apoptosis .
Bioluminescence is a naturally occurring phenomenon in certain species such as the firefly resulting from oxidation of luciferin to oxyluciferin in the presence of molecular oxygen and adenosine triphosphate. This reaction is catalyzed by the enzyme luciferase and results in the emission of light . Bioluminescence imaging  is an in vivo optical imaging technique that detects light emitted from firefly luciferase expressing cells by special charge coupled device  camera .
Mechanical loading of cartilage explants can regulate chondrocyte metabolism and direct growth and remodeling . For instance, bending of immature articular cartilage during in vitro culture can induce marked changes in tissue shape . This technique of shaping cartilaginous tissues may have applications towards creating grafts of specific shapes for joint repair or craniofacial reconstruction and towards understanding the effects of physical forces on the developing morphologies of cartilage structures .
Obesity is a significant public health problem, and the impact of caring for increasing numbers of obese individuals is being felt worldwide and across medical disciplines. Both animal and human studies have demonstrated that obesity is associated with adverse health consequences, including susceptibility to a diverse group of diseases affecting the cardiovascular, pulmonary, renal, and endocrine systems . A growing body of literature has been devoted to examination of the pathophysiologic mechanisms that link obesity to these maladies, with a general consensus that chronic inflammation provides the connection  .
Insulin degrading enzyme  is an 110 kDa zinc metalloprotease that belongs to the M16A family ; . IDE N and IDE C are homologous to each other and have an αβαβα roll structure, shared among proteases within the M16 family, which include mitochondrial processing peptidase, pitrilysin, and mitochondrial presequence peptidase; ; . This is consistent with the observation that IDE gene knockout mice have an elevated level of insulin and develop symptoms of diabetes, while single nucleotide polymorphisms of the IDE gene are associated with type 2 diabetes in humans; .
Human transplant recipients harbor significant numbers of alloreactive memory T cells generated by previous encounter to alloantigens, via heterologous immunity or homeostatic proliferation as a result of lymphoablation . Alloreactive memory T cells contribute to both acute and chronic allograft rejection, indicating that current im munosuppressive therapies do not inhibit the generation or maintenance of T cell memory . Immunologic memory is thought to be one of the major barriers that preclude the induction of antigen specific tolerance in clinical transplantation .
myc is well known for its role in tumorigenesis when overexpressed and N myc  is most strongly associated with primitive “blast” nervous system tumors neuroblastoma, medulloblastoma, retinoblastoma, and glioblastoma . However, at physiological levels myc genes are important regulators of many aspects of normal cell behavior including metabolism and cycling . One theory is that Myc’s wide range of functions is linked to its widespread euchromatic function associated with specific histone modifications such as acetylation of lysine 9 and methylation of lysine 4 of histone H3  .
Higher arterial stiffness and pressure pulsatility, hallmarks of aging, are associated with increased risk for cardiovascular disease  morbidity, including incident hypertension. Carotid femoral pulse wave velocity , the current reference standard measure of global aortic stiffness, is associated with CVD events including coronary heart disease, stroke, and CVD mortality. Arterial calcification, in turn, is also associated with CVD events and mortality, whether assessed in the coronary arteries ,,  thoracic aorta ,,  or abdominal aorta .
The mammalian target of rapamycin  regulates cell growth and metabolism. Rapamycin is a macrolide fungicide that inhibits mTOR signaling by binding to FK506 binding protein 12 . Cancer cells have increased metabolic autonomy.
Many of the decisions we make on a day to day basis require balancing out factors driving the desire to achieve good results , with those associated with avoiding potentially perilous situations. Such decisions often benefit from past experience, and are therefore supported by adaptive mechanisms for learning from positive and negative outcomes. An added desirable factor is that converging pharmacological data exist  in which manipulation of the neurotransmitter in the brain region of interest produces corresponding changes in the same cognitive process, providing a “proof of concept” that any genetic effects associated with this neurotransmitter are causal rather than simply correlational .
Hepatitis C virus  coinfection is common among HIV infected individuals worldwide; it has been estimated that 45 million HIV infected individuals are chronic HCV carriers. In the U.S. and Europe, approximately 1033% of all HIV infected individuals are coinfected with HCV. ; In addition, recent studies have shown that coinfected patients are diagnosed at a younger age, have more advanced HCC, and have shorter survival time than HCV mono infected patients.
That estradiol modulates neural functions like mood, affect, anxiety, fear and vulnerability to addictive drugs in addition to its well documented role in reproduction is now well accepted . However, a large body of evidence in both young and aged rodent subjects indicates that estradiol promotes memory . Effects of estrogens are mediated through receptors , and for almost fifty years, it was thought that this receptor was a single ligand dependent transcription factor acting in the nucleus to enhance nuclear transcription .
Cardiovascular disease, including coronary artery and peripheral vascular disease, is the leading cause of mortality in the United States and accounted for over 30% deaths in 2004. The standard procedure to replace the diseased segments of small diameter arteries  involves the use of native, autologous grafts such as saphenous veins. , However, this approach requires multiple surgical procedures and is often limited by the amount of adequate autologous vessels available.
Glioblastoma  is the most common malignant primary brain tumor in adults. Four out of every 100,000 Americans are diagnosed with GBM, which represents ~15% of all primary brain tumors . Once the diagnosis of GBM has been made, the overall median survival time for patients treated with surgery, radiation and chemotherapy is only 14 to 15 months .
Protein isoforms coded by alternatively spliced pre mRNAs expand the functional repertoire of genes. The importance of this mechanism for developing protein diversity is illustrated by the finding that most multi exon human genes are subject to alternative splicing . The significance of alternative splicing to neurons is underscored by the variety of neurological diseases that result from its dysregulation  .
More than 70 million Americans live with cardiovascular diseases, which lead to >910,000 deaths each year. MPI is capable of identifying regional abnormalities in coronary artery and determining their physiological relevance to myocardial function and viability. Since the 1980s, intensive research efforts have been directed towards using cationic and neutral 99mTc complexes  as radiotracers for MPI., As a result of these extensive efforts, 99mTc sestamibi 6]+; MIBI = 2 methoxy 2 methylpropylisonitrile) and 99mTc tetrofosmin 2]+, tetrofosmin = 1,2 bisethane)) have been approved as commercial radiotracers for SPECT MPI.
L selectin is a type 1 transmembrane adhesion protein expressed by leukocytes. A disintegrin and metalloproteases  are a family of transmembrane proteins with an adhesion function and an active or inactive Zn dependent protease domain . This robust manner of ectodomain shedding is distinct from most other ADAM17 substrates, such as pro TNFα, which tends to be cleaved from the cell surface over an extended period of time following leukocyte activation .
Human plasma high density lipoprotein  particles have been classically defined as a group of pseudomicellar, quasispherical protein/lipid complexes with hydrated densities in the range of 1.063 to 1.210 g/ml. The remaining 10 15% of protein mass is composed of minor amphipathic proteins, including apoC’s, apoE, apoD, apoM and apoA IV, with enzymes and lipid transfer proteins such as lecithin:cholesterol acyl transferase  and cholesteryl ester transfer protein . Recent proteomic studies  have however identified up to 75 distinct proteins associated with centrifugally isolated HDL.
Lynch Syndrome, also called hereditary non polyposis colon cancer , is an autosomal dominant inherited cancer predisposition syndrome characterized by predisposition to develop a number of cancers at an early age and high penetrance with mutation carriers having a significantly increased lifetime risk of developing colorectal  and other forms of cancer . In addition, there are apparently polymorphisms in MMR genes that may cause increased risk of developing cancer . The complete loss of mismatch repair function in tumors leads to increased mutations at microsatellite sequences resulting in the microsatellite instability high  phenotype, although numerous studies report MSI H Lynch Syndrome cases that lack mutations in known MMR genes; examples include  .
While interferon  plays crucial roles in the defense against viral infection, excessive production may lead to pathogenesis of autoimmune diseases . An example is Aicardi Goutières syndrome , a hereditary neurodegenerative disorder characterized by early onset and progressive encephalopathy with a high level of IFN α in the cerebrospinal fluid . Both isoforms of ADAR1 convert adenosine to inosine on its double strand RNA substrates, potentially changing the coding information on mRNAs .
Diffuse gliomas are common and variably aggressive primary central nervous system tumors, currently stratified by the World Health Organization  into three malignancy grades: II, III and IV. Glioblastoma  is generally classified as a diffuse glioma of astrocytic morphology with microvascular proliferation and/or necrosis. Determination of grade , is made primarily on the basis of tumor proliferative activity , along with additional criteria of increased cellularity and nuclear atypia.
Embryonic stem cells harbor a consistent capacity for multi lineage differentiation . Stem cell based cardiopoiesis originates from undifferentiated progenitors that are specified into early cardiac mesoderm . Then, transition into cardiac lineage restricted differentiation occurs with nuclear translocation of cardiac transcription factors, culminating with metabolic maturation and establishment of efficient ionic handling required for excitation contraction coupling .
Maternal psychosocial stress has been associated with adverse maternal child outcomes. Vulnerable women’s experiences with stressors during pregnancy and their desires and priorities for appropriate and useful stress reduction interventions for pregnant women are not well understood . Qualitative interviews with low income, urban women explored their stress exposures and reactions during pregnancy, ways that stressors overlapped and interacted, and their priorities for stress reduction.
Alcohol abuse is a leading cause of preventable death and illness, and the economic cost of alcohol abuse is estimated to be $185 billion annually in the USA alone. Adoption and twin studies suggest that alcohol use disorders  are 50 60% genetically determined,. EtOH induced static ataxia , a form of cerebellar dependent motor impairment, consistently shows LLR in individuals with a family history of AUDs compared to individuals without a family history of AUDs,.
Aging is associated with significant changes in limb skeletal muscles, of which sarcopenia is the most evident. Aging increases the latency of eye movement onset and decreases peak velocity, acceleration and range of eye movement . EOMs are particularly vulnerable to age related mitochondrial myopathies, such as chronic progressive external ophthalmoplegia  .
Attention and emotion impart a value system to sensory processing, allowing the central nervous system to mold sensory experience into a subjective landscape . Such areas include thalamus, primary and secondary somatosensory cortices , insular cortex , and anterior cingulate cortex  . Brain areas actively involved in modulating pain transmission during distraction from pain have been less studied.
Chemical cross linking coupled with mass spectrometry is a commonly used technique to characterize proteins, interactions and complex topologies . However, there are few successful applications on complicated biological systems, , because system complexity and product heterogeneity have generally precluded large scale applications of cross linking strategies. Some examples use the isotopic labeled cross linkers/proteins , and some other examples involve the IR  or UV  dissociation of cross links, which are reported by the Brodbelt’s group, .
Obesity is a complex disorder with heterogeneous adiposity phenotypes. One recognized phenotype is the metabolically healthy obese  individual who, despite having excessive body fatness, seems to be protected from adipose associated metabolic abnormalities . Even if the same definition was used to define the MHO phenotype, conflicting evidence regarding the outcomes was still noted .
Glycolytic enzymopathies are severe heritable human diseases that result from specific mutations affecting enzymes involved in anaerobic metabolism. However the pathogenesis of this disease is not well understood. The most common homozygous human mutation, Glu104Asp, also exhibits a temperature sensitive phenotype in vitro , suggesting that the underlying pathogenesis in TPIsugarkill may be similar to human disease causing mutations.
In our recent paper describing the heating of human skin by mm waves we used a homogeneous skin model . The Pennes bioheat transfer equation  , frequently used in thermal modeling, fitted well to the experimental data obtained in the forearm with low blood flow rates. We showed that mm waves in spite of shallow penetration into the skin  were able to heat much deeper subcutaneous layers.
The transition between wakefulness, NREM, and REM sleep is accompanied by neuromodulatory changes. Acetylcholine, norepinephrine, serotonin, histamine, and hypocretin levels are high in wakefulness and low in NREM sleep, and noradrenergic, serotonergic and histaminergic cells become silent during REM sleep . Following neuromodulation, the EEG and the underlying patterns of neuronal activity also change, especially in cerebral cortex.
MicroRNAs , a class of small noncoding RNAs, serve as key post transcriptional regulators of gene expression and mRNA translation , . miRNAs are increasingly recognized as mediators in a variety of biological processes including cardiovascular development and disorders , . Highly specific miRNA expression patterns have been reported in association with heart failure , , myocardial infarction , and cancer .
Over the past decade, yeast display has emerged as a leading technology for the selection and characterization of monoclonal antibodies  from both immune and nonimmune libraries. The majority of yeast display antibody libraries that have been constructed to date utilize the single chain variable fragment  format, and there are only three examples in the literature of combinatorial antigen binding fragment  yeast display libraries. Because both scFv and Fab libraries have unique advantages and disadvantages, there is controversy over which format is better suited for antibody display.
Inhibition studies are routinely performed to gain insight into the structure and function of transporters, particularly when a transporter crystal structure is not available. A simplifying assumption in proposing such pharmacophore or QSAR models is that inhibition data assumes the same type of inhibition, since two compounds that inhibit a transporter by differing mode may not bind to the same binding site. Hence, inhibition studies can benefit from elucidating the type of inhibition by which various compounds inhibit.
Mesial temporal lobe epilepsy  is the most common type of epilepsy in adults , and frequently becomes resistant to drug therapy, leaving ultimately only a neurosurgery option to control seizures. TLE develops following a variety of insults, including brain injury and status epilepticus . Precipitating insults are followed by a characteristic seizure free “latent period” lasting months or even years in humans .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  has prioritized interventions to reduce sexual risk taking among HIV positive persons . Disclosure of HIV positive status to sexual partners may reduce risk of transmission in serodiscordant partnerships . However, the association between HIV serodisclosure and sexual risk behavior is complex, varying by person , partner  and situation level factors .
PTEN , the tumor suppressor gene located at 10q23.3, is known to participate in the pathogenesis of a wide variety of hereditary cancer syndromes and sporadic malignancies . This may suggest that PTEN plays a role in melanoma progression. Indeed, when analyzing PTEN protein’s subcellular localization, we found that 30 of 30 metastatic melanomas had complete loss of nuclear PTEN protein expression .
Ovarian cancer is the most lethal gynecologic malignancy and the fifth most common cause of cancer related deaths in women. The estimated number of new ovarian cancer cases in 2008 in the U.S. was 21,650 with an estimated 15,520 deaths . Paclitaxel resistance develops leading to treatment failure and death.
Obesity or accumulated adiposity is an important etiological factor in the clustering of clinical conditions that comprise the metabolic syndrome  . These conditions include central obesity, hypertension, hyperglycemia, and dyslipidemia . Although, high precision imaging techniques, including computed tomography  or dual energy x ray absorptiometry  imaging, are considered to be the gold standard for measuring fat distribution, their clinical value is often undermined by the cost and time burden associated with CT or DXA.
Although the classical teaching has been one of a chronic inflammatory demyelinating disease marked by multi focal white matter lesions, multiple sclerosis  is being increasingly recognized as a disease of the central nervous system  characterized by widespread demyelination, axonal loss and gliosis, and neurodegeneration . In line with these diffuse histopathological changes, prior study, such as through PET examination, has revealed decreased oxygen utilization and extraction, with extensive reduction in cerebral glucose metabolism in MS patients . As tissue damage in MS has been shown to invariably extend beyond the focal plaque, modern MRI techniques are being developed to allow for the qualitative and quantitative demonstration of the global, diffuse nature of neuropathological changes in order to closely monitor disease severity, progression, and response to therapy .
Airway secretions contain a broad spectrum of endogenous antimicrobial factors  which contribute to the inherent host defense of the respiratory tract. Complement factors, surfactant proteins, antimicrobial peptides , antibacterial polypeptides, and host derived lipids are all integral components of this intrinsic defense system. AMPs encompass both cathelicidins and defensins.
Cataract is an opaqueness of the lens that causes decreased visual acuity . Cataract becomes more common with increasing age and is one of the leading causes of blindness and visual impairment among the elderly population throughout the less developed world . Thus, identification of factors that could delay or prevent cataract development would be important both for increasing the well being of older adults and for reducing medical care costs.
DNA structure is fundamental to diverse DNA transactions, such as replication, repair, nucleosome assembly, and the regulation of gene expression. , Throughout the text, references to DDD or R3 dodecamer crystal form relate to the sequence d2. Two key features are variation of the width of the minor groove and bending of the DNA double helix.
Among term infants, hypoxicischemic encephalopathy  due to acute perinatal asphyxia is an important cause of neurological morbidity and mortality. Currently, therapeutic hypothermia represents the only intervention, which has been demonstrated to favorably alter the outcome of term infants who suffered from perinatal asphyxia. An early and reliable diagnostic test is essential to guide and monitor treatment.
Bacteriophage endosialidases hydrolyse internal α 2,8 linkages in polysialic acid , a polymer which may exceed 200 N acetyl neuraminic acid  residues, which comprises the capsular polysaccharide of Escherichia coli K1 and group B Neisseria meningitidis  and is also expressed at limited sites in vertebrates . The latter use derives from the observation that PSA is expressed on the neural cell adhesion molecule  in a developmentally regulated manner  and plays a key role in the modulation of NCAM mediated adhesion . PSA has also been implicated in the process of metastasis of small cell and non small cell lung carcinoma .
Parkinson’s disease  is a neurodegenerative disorder where there is a loss of dopamine  neurons of the substantia nigra . In addition to deficits of motor performance such as bradykinesia, or slowness in the initiation, execution and termination of movements or generating movements of smaller amplitude than desired , patients with PD often display cognitive motor deficits such as abnormal movement sequences . Planning is a cognitive process that helps to regulate action sequences by anticipating the required movements and modulating the movement sequence by repeated inspections, that includes improve and inhibition procedures, regulated by planning skills and feedback.
Type 1 diabetes is one of the most prevalent chronic illnesses diagnosed in childhood . The demands of caring for a young child with type 1 diabetes can feel relentless and constant vigilance is required . Exploration of sleep in relation to diabetes management is a relatively new area of study .
There are many different mutations in the HPRT1 gene encoding the purine salvage enzyme hypoxanthine guanine phosphoribosyltransferase  that cause a broad spectrum of clinical phenotypes . These phenotypes are typically grouped into three categories based on the presence or absence of specific clinical features . An intermediate phenotype is HGprt related neurological dysfunction , which includes problems related to uric acid, along with varying degrees of motor impairment and neurocognitive abnormalities.
Female sexual dysfunction is a multicausal and multidimensional problem that combines sexual, physiological, physical, psychological, and interpersonal determinants, having a major impact on interpersonal relationships and quality of life. , Among the sexual dysfunctions described in females, dyspareunia appears to be common, with a prevalence of 7% in a national probability sample assessing sexual dysfunction in the United States. The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders  describes dyspareunia as recurrent or persistent vaginal pain associated with sexual intercourse in either a male or a female.
An increased rate of age related decline in white matter  integrity has been demonstrated in schizophrenia patients in several  but not all studies . Schizophrenia patients also have an increased mortality rate and shorter  average lifespan, even after accounting for suicide . Declining cerebrovascular health is a risk factor for WM integrity during normal aging  and schizophrenia is associated with an increased rate of cardiovascular illnesses .
Epidemiological evidence on the association between red and processed meat and lung cancer has been suggestive, yet limited, inconsistent, and mainly based on retrospective data. Diets high in red and processed meat may increase the risk of lung cancer and there are several possible mechanisms that may explain this association. High temperature cooking of meat results in the formation of heterocyclic amines , , and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , which are also present in cured and smoked foods.
Endophenotypes, intermediate component elements closer to genetic action than the indexed phenotype, are useful in psychopathology research because of the inherent difficulty of finding genes that have a one to one relationship with complex multifactorial behavioral disorders . Although family transmission studies inevitably have genetic and family environment confounded, they are essential in the early stages of discovery when few large scale twin or adoption studies have been conducted due to prohibitive cost. Whereas several studies have looked at the familiality of components of EF, surprisingly few twin or family studies with adequate sample sizes have addressed this issue for EF per se .
Organophosphorus  compounds inhibit serine esterases by organophosphylation of the active site serine . The inhibited enzyme can undergo aging, which involves net loss of a side chain from the OP moiety to yield a stable negatively charged species still attached to the active site serine . However, when an OP compound is neuropathic, cholinergic toxicity will be mild, and sufficient NTE can be inhibited and aged to initiate OPIDN.
CCAAT/Enhancer Binding Protein beta  is a critical regulator of tissue specific gene expression in several cell lineages . All three proteins contain a basic leucine zipper  domain at their C terminus that functions as DNA binding domain. On the other hand, only the two larger C/EBPβ isoforms retain either a complete  or partial  N terminal sequence, which includes the transactivation domain.
Stem cell based interventional approaches for myocardial regeneration have recently generated substantial enthusiasm as a novel treatment for heart failure. Experimental studies routinely find the vast majority of adoptively transferred stem cells die or vanish shortly after delivery. CPCs expressing the stem cell marker c kit+ reside within the heart, , mediating maintenance and repair of damaged cardiac tissue in response to myocardial injury,  .
Of the Angiotensin  receptors, the AT1 receptor is known to mediate most of the Ang II actions, including vasoconstriction, antinatriuresis, aldosterone secretion, increased sympathetic outflow and cellular growth/proliferation. Abnormal regulation and function of AT1 receptor contributes to development and maintenance of various forms of hypertension. On the other hand, the AT2 receptor is suggested as a functional antagonist of AT1 receptors.
Children who are overweight are more likely to become overweight adults . Obesity is the result of an imbalance between the energy consumed and the energy expended . Dietary behaviors that have been positively associated with increased body mass among children include energy intake , percent energy from fat  and energy density  while fruit and vegetable intake has been negatively associated .
Human telomeres terminate in a 50 200 nucleotide single stranded 3′ overhang that plays a pivotal role in chromosome end protection . Furthermore, the telomeric overhang invades the duplex region forming a t loop and thereby blocking ATR and ATM signaling which is essential to prevent the chromosome end from being incorrectly recognized as a DNA double strand break  . Owing to the end replication problem, the ends of chromosome shorten with each round of DNA replication in all somatic cells .
Since bone mass is lost throughout adult life as part of the aging process, a major risk factor for the development of osteoporosis is the failure to obtain a normal peak bone mass during early adulthood . Multiple studies have shown that alcohol abuse is an important risk factor for osteopenia . Binge drinking exposes young people to a variety of risks; from a bone health perspective this behavior is especially troubling because it tends to occur during the period when peak bone mass is attained .
Somatic cells have developed sophisticated mechanisms to regulate assembly of pre replication complexes , license the ability of an origin of replication  to initiate DNA synthesis, and prevent re replication of DNA . Licensing occurs in an environment of low cyclin dependent protein kinase  activity. Inhibiting synthesis of MOS during maturation of Xenopus oocytes results in maturing oocytes entering interphase and replicating DNA soon after MI .
Over the last decade, compelling evidence emerged in support of a cancer stem cell  origin in many solid tumors including hepatic cancers. Furthermore, since CSCs are thought to evade chemotherapy due to high endogenous expression of chemoresistance transporters, they are posited to be the cause of tumor relapse. For these reasons CSCs are of great translational importance with a variety of therapeutic implications.
Since the beginning of the South African epidemic, an estimated 2 million adults have died from HIV/AIDS,, 6.1 million South Africans are currently living with HIV, the prevalence in the 1549 year age range is 17.9%, and the incidence is 1.43% per year among those aged 1549. Over 370,000 HIV infections and 240,000 AIDS related deaths occur in South Africa each year . South Africa’s HIV Testing and Counselling campaign and rollout of antiretroviral therapy  are well established.
Designing and engineering polypeptides that have specific structures or functions in biological membranes remains one of the more intractable problems in bioengineering. Despite a vast literature, compelling structure function relationships in this field are very rare. The hundreds of known membrane active, antimicrobial peptides  provide many good examples in which specific sequences or three dimensional structures are apparently not required for their biological activity, .
Over the last 50 years, research efforts have focused on the process of post maturational sex changes in fishes. California Sheephead, Semicossyphus pulcher , is a commercially and recreationally valuable labrid found from Monterey Bay, California, to Cabo San Lucas, Mexico . Sheephead are an epibenthic species that generally utilize sand rock reef habitats for foraging while taking shelter and reproducing in and over rocky reefs habitat .
Most of the newly human immunodeficiency virus type 1  infected women acquire infection through vaginal intercourse in which semen associated virus is deposited in the mucosa of the lower female genital tract before infecting primary HIV 1 target cells and disseminating to the regional lymph nodes ,. The lack of understanding of the basic mechanisms of HIV 1 transmission and dissemination in the female lower genital tract is a limitation to developing efficient protection measures as evidenced from the recent controversial results on the efficacy of vaginal microbicides ,  . The nature of these barriers is both physical  and biological, including secreted factors endowed with anti HIV activity such as CCR5 binding chemokines, secretory leukocyte peptidase inhibitor  and β defensins .
The widespread diffusion of HIV prevention programs for adolescents is an important public health goal. Adolescents account for 50% of new HIV infections worldwide, and fewer than 50% of this age group are able to identify ways of preventing HIV transmission . No fewer than 24 evidence based  programs have been identified as “Programs that Work” by , ).
Genomic instability resulting in DNA amplification, rearrangements or deletions, is a common mechanism by which tumors modulate gene expression and acquire invasive and metastatic potential . The chromosomal band 11q13 has been found to be amplified or rearranged in a wide variety of carcinomas including breast, head and neck, and bladder and this is often associated with poor prognosis . However, despite reports on overexpression of other genes in the region  the most likely tumorigenic driver at this locus is still thought to be CCND1, which encodes cyclin D1 .
Kaposi’s sarcoma  is a multifocal angioproliferative inflammatory condition well described in its classical, post transplantation and African endemic forms before the advent of the epidemic of HIV 1/AIDS. Histologically, KS evolves from a small patch of new blood vessels to a vascular tumor, with a sparse inflammatory infiltrate to nodular lesions with proliferating spindle cells. KS cell lines have been shown to express markers of endothelial, lymphatic and smooth muscle lineages.
Bisphosphate , also called lysobisphosphatidic acid , is a characteristic lipid of the endocytic degradative pathway that is found in the luminal membranes of the late endosome in concentrations of approximately 15 mole percent . The structures of BMP and GM1 are shown in  . Deficiencies in the catabolism of gangliosides results in lysosomal glycosphingolipid accumulation, leading to clinical disorders known as sphingolipid storage diseases that mainly affect neuronal cells within the brain  .
Vascular smooth muscle cell  proliferation and deposition of extracellular matrix are characteristic of progressive atherosclerotic lesions . Vascular injury leading to endothelial dysfunction is often a contributing factor . Mitogen activated protein kinases  represent a family of serine threonine kinases that are rapidly activated in response to growth factor stimulation.
Intraductal carcinoma of the prostate and high grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia  comprise the two main intraepithelial neoplastic lesions occurring in the prostate . When diagnosed as isolated lesions on needle biopsies, these two entities have dramatically different implications for patient prognosis and care care . Accordingly, PIN is frequently an isolated finding, occurring in biopsies without invasive carcinoma and, if not present in at least 23 separate biopsy cores, is not associated with an increased risk of cancer diagnosis on subsequent biopsies done within the following year .
Despite the success of highly active antiretroviral therapy  in lowering viral load to undetectable levels in ~70% of human immunodeficiency virus  infected patients , treatment failure is a growing problem. These are prodrugs that require intracellular conversion to triphosphorylated forms for antiviral activity. For 3′ azido 3′ deoxythymidine , the first NRTI approved for HIV treatment, the activation process is highly inefficient because of the low level of phosphorylation of AZT monophosphate  to AZT diphosphate  by human thymidylate kinase  .
Cytolethal distending toxin  is potentially one of several virulence factors of Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans, the prime etiological agent of localized aggressive periodontitis . Little is known regarding the Cdt specific antibody response in humans. The current study is a quantitative and qualitative evaluation of the toxin specific antibody response in a cohort of LAP patients and age , race  and sex matched controls .
There is some biologic evidence that antidepressants are related to cancer risk. Certain antidepressants promote mammary tumor growth in mouse models. Nevertheless, epidemiologic data have not supported these hypotheses.
Late onset Tay Sachs disease  is a lysosomal storage disease caused by deficient Beta hexosaminidase A activity . We describe a 53 year old woman who presented with adult onset leg weakness, and whose initial diagnosis was progressive muscular atrophy without identifiable etiology. Development of cerebellar ataxia in mid life prompted reassessment .
Microfluidic devices are now widely accepted analytical tools, having matured from their initial characterization work,, to integrated microfluidic devices, and, more recently, even more impressive devices that allow incorporation of biological entities into the chip format with the ability to stimulate and analyze their releasates with various detection schemes. Initial work with these devices investigated differential analyte transport  across the membrane. The membrane allowed the passage of small molecules  released by RBCs from the bottom fluidic layer through the membrane to interact with endothelial cells immobilized on the membrane to result in NO production.
Anger states and traits appear to affect pain sensitivity. Recently, models have been proposed to explain how anger variables may influence pain  . One model focuses on whether endogenous opioid functioning may underlie the connection between anger variables and pain sensitivity .
The opiorphins are a newly characterized class of peptides that act as potent endogenous neutral endopeptidase  inhibitors. Recent reports have suggested that they play an important role in erectile physiology . During a microarray screen of gene changes that occur in a rat diabetic model of erectile dysfunction , Vcsa1 was one of the most down regulated genes in the rat corpora.
Daily multivitamins, typically comprised of at least 10 vitamins and 10 minerals and the U.S. Recommended Daily Allowances of vitamins C, D, and E, represent an important source of essential nutrients. For example, several recent studies indicate that there may be protective effects of Vitamin D and calcium for breast and colorectal cancer , areas in which socioeconomic and racial/ethnic disparities are striking.
It is unknown how evoked myotonia varies with stimulus frequency or train length, or how it compares to voluntary myotonia in myotonic dystrophy type 1  . After approval by our medical center institutional review board, 10 DM1 patients and 10 age  and gender matched controls were evaluated prospectively. Patients who participated in the study were clinically diagnosed with DM1.
Differential diagnosis of benign vocal fold lesions, such as nodules, polyps and cysts, remains a challenge in laryngology. The phenotype of benign lesions are similar and their nomenclature is yet to be standardized. At the same time, various treatment responses are indicated among the lesions.
Brain tumors are collectively the leading cause of childhood cancer related mortality. High grade gliomas have a particularly poor prognosis, with a long term survival rate of less than 20%, despite conventional surgical, radio therapeutic, and chemotherapeutic interventions . Although these tumors are comparable morphologically to malignant gliomas that arise in adults, childhood gliomas have a number of distinctive molecular characteristics, which suggests the involvement of somewhat different pathways of tumorigenesis.
Both the moderate decreases in extracellular   that occur during normal synaptic activity , and the substantial decreases in o due to focal brain trauma or ischemia , indicate that o is dynamic. A decrease in o is predicted to sharply inhibit synaptic transmission . However, recordings of sustained high frequency activity indicate that this is not always the case .
The macrophage, as one of the effector cells of the innate immune system, recognizes pathogen associated molecular patterns from both pathogens and commensal microorganisms through TLRs. Thus, under physiological conditions, macrophages in the intestinal tract, as compared with macrophages in most other organs, are hyporesponsive to TLR activation, resulting in rapid microbial uptake and killing in the absence of strong inflammatory responses . Innate immunity plays an important role in the onset and severity of IBD .
Neural tube defects  are the second most common birth defect, occurring in approximately 1 in 1000 live births of American Caucasians . The most common of all NTDs are spina bifida and anencephaly. One of the most severe NTDs, anencephaly, is an open cranial defect resulting in the absence of much of the brain, skull, and scalp, and is therefore incompatible with long term survival .
In a growing number of applications, high dielectric materials have been used to improve the local sensitivity and/or homogeneity of the radiofrequency  magnetic  field in human MRI . For example, simple aqueous and gel based pads of dielectric materials have been used to improve local sensitivity in head imaging at 3 and 7 T  or image homogeneity in abdominal imaging at 3 T . Near the coil, the primary source of magnetic field is Jc within the transmit coil.
Alzheimer's disease  is a neurodegenerative process characterized by memory loss and dementia. At the neural level, the cholinergic system is one of the most affected. The pyramidal neuronal cells in cortical and hippocampal areas are severely degenerated as well as those of the nucleus basalis of Maynert .
Antigen mediated CD8 T cell responses undergo various phases, starting with activation, followed by extensive proliferation and subsequent differentiation to effector cells capable of killing  and/or secreting lymphokines capable of inhibiting tumor growth. Some controversy exists regarding the role of CD4 T helper cells in the generation of effector and memory CD8 T cell responses. In addition, some of these studies showed that this “licensing” of APCs could be bypassed by the administration of agonistic anti CD40 antibodies.
Axial patterning is required for the transition of a single sheet of cells into a three dimensional organ. Axial patterning involves generation of two different cell populations or compartments. During genesis of eye, the entire early eye imaginal primordium initiates from the default ventral fate, which depends on the functions of Lobe  and Serrate  genes .
One of the predictions from evolutionary game theory is that same sex conspecific individuals will escalate their expression of aggression with each other when they detect the presence of a limiting resource . Experiments that corroborate this prediction are also of interest in the context of animal cognition because they may reveal particular resources that are salient to the escalating individual . A frequently acknowledged trend among animals , including salticids , is that one sex, usually the female, tends to express mate choice behaviour more strongly, whereas the other sex, usually the male, tends to be more active in courtship and tends to be less discriminating.
Sodium loading, and subsequent volume expansion, suppresses aldosterone levels in individuals with normal renal function. We hypothesised that loss of renal function impairs this volume aldosterone relationship . With multifrequency bioimpedance spectroscopy, we measured total body water , extracellular volume , and intracellular volume in five haemodialysis patients at varied states of hydration and in five healthy volunteers during low , normal , and high salt diets.
As one of the most ubiquitous and versatile electron carriers,  clusters play an important role in biological electron transfer as well as in biosynthetic and bioregulatory functions. , However, probing the environmental effects is difficult due to the complexity of the protein environment. Advances in experimental methods and computational chemistry offer the opportunity for detailed investigations of the complex electronic structure and redox properties of the iron sulfur clusters found in proteins.
Verbal autopsy  is the process of eliciting information about the circumstances of a death from family or friends of the recently deceased person in cases where medical certification of death is incomplete or absent . It is a useful surrogate for routine death registration in resource poor settings and has been used to estimate cause specific mortality . However, issues regarding standardisation between different physicians and the risk of having to rely on physicians over time hinder reliable temporal and regional comparisons of mortality .
The mammalian target of rapamycin , a serine threonine protein kinase related tightly to the family of the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase related kinases, exerts different biological functions primarily through forming two complexes with the essential partner protein raptor  and rictor  . Compared with the mTORC1, which is involved in regulation of many key cellular processes including cell growth and metabolism primarily via regulating cap dependent protein translation initiation, relatively little is known about the biological functions of the mTORC2 other than its regulation of cytoskeleton and Akt mediated cell survival . The conventional mTOR inhibitors, rapamycin and its analogues , are specific allosteric inhibitors of mTORC1 with weak activity against mTORC2.
Prostate Cancer remains the most clinically diagnosed malignancy within the United States for men . In many instances, anti androgenic therapy remains the standard of care for initial treatment of advanced prostate cancer, but the disease invariably progresses after a median of 1 2 years and becomes castration resistant . Side effects include neurotoxicity, myelosuppression, acute hypersensitivity reactions, nasolacrimal duct stenosis, asthenia, febrile neutropenia, and myalgia .
The structural organization of multiple convergent sensory modalities in the brain is an important determinant in identifying mechanisms of multimodal integration in neural circuits. In the superior colliculus/optic tectum sensory inputs are topographically organized and aligned with each other and with the motor outputs . By contrast, the structures devoted to multi sensory integration in amphibian tadpoles are much simpler.
N RAP is a striated muscle specific scaffolding protein involved in myofibril assembly . The N RAP gene is highly conserved between mouse and humans, and consists of 42 exons spread over 70 kilobases . These exons encode a 196 kilodalton protein consisting of an N terminal LIM domain, 11 modules homologous to single nebulin repeats, and an additional 35 modules arranged into 5 super repeats homologous to nebulin super repeats.
Since the emergence of an increasing number of 3D biological structures, molecular docking has become a major computational method for discovering and designing new ligands for biological targets. Since the pioneering work of Kuntz et al.,, Docking programs sometimes position them at a 180° angle to the crystal binding mode. Most binders are small heterocycles with a single positive charge.
Parents report children’s dietary intake and/or physical activity, but studies  underscore concerns about such reports. Children eat meals and conduct physical activity at school where parents are not present, so it is unrealistic to expect parents to accurately report children’s intake and/or physical activity that occur at school. Children have simultaneously reported dietary intake and physical activity in two validation studies.
Nearly a century ago, Clarence C. Little and his colleagues at the Roscoe B. Jackson Memorial Laboratory  identified the occurrence of heritable white spotting in the house mouse . This locus is classically referred to as the “W” or dominant spotting locus, because heterozygotes have white belly spotting, white feet and white tail tips. Fifty years later, Edwin Geisler and colleagues demonstrated that the W locus is the Kit oncogene .
Desmoid tumors are rare, benign, sometimes aggressive tumors resulting from unregulated proliferation of fibroblast like cells . Their natural history is one of slow growth with progressive infiltration of surrounding soft tissues leading in some cases to strangulation of nerves and blood vessels. The management of patients is difficult and these tumors are prone to local recurrence.
Metastasis is a multistep process, and the acquisition of metastatic ability has traditionally been considered a late step in cancer evolution . Recent evidence in mouse models of breast and pancreatic cancer suggests that cancer cells within premalignant lesions may already possess the ability to disseminate . These observations support a model in which cancer cells leave primary tumors early during tumor growth, thereby allowing the primary tumor and disseminated cells to accrue genomic alterations independently .
Massively parallel  resequencing is potentially a powerful tool with which to study heteroplasmic mitochondrial DNA  mutations due to the high breadth and depth of coverage possible. Studying very low level variants  is likely to yield the most useful insights into somatic  mtDNA mutation, but is challenging due to the difficulty in differentiating true variants from background noise at this resolution. This approach is therefore not well suited to analysing low level mutation across whole mtDNA genomes,.
The evolutionarily conserved Notch signaling pathway plays critical roles in controlling multiple aspects of vascular development and EC  function, ranging from proliferation, motility and lumen formation to vessel stability and cell fate determination , . In vertebrates, the Notch signaling pathway consists of four Notch family receptors  and five Notch ligands . Receptor ligand interactions between neighboring cells initiates the proteolytic cleavage of the Notch receptor extracellular domain, the Ɣ secretase dependent release of the Notch intracellular domain , and its subsequent translocation to the nucleus where it associates with the DNA binding protein, RBPJK/CBF1/Su, as well as a co activator of the Mastermind like  family, thereby triggering the transcription of downstream target genes, including Hey/Hes family members .
Schwann cells are often described as expressing one of only two possible phenotypes, myelinating or non myelinating . Recently, however, this view has been modified by the discovery that Schwann cell growth factor expression is regulated by both the modality of their axonal partners and by their central peripheral location along the neuraxis . Predominately sensory and motor phenotypes have also been found to support regeneration on a modality specific basis.
Prescription drug overdoses have reached epidemic proportions. Federal and state governments are eager to identify strategies to reduce misuse, abuse and diversion. The Office of National Drug Control Policy  advocates prescription drug monitoring programs  as one strategy for reducing prescription drug abuse.
Ovarian cancer is the leading cause of death from gynaecological malignancy, in spite of initially high response rates to chemotherapy treatment. The molecular basis of acquired drug resistance remains poorly understood  . BRCA null tumours have impaired repair of platinum induced DNA crosslinking and are preferentially sensitive to treatment with platinum based chemotherapy.
Cardiac vessel distribution and patterning are important for the proper maintenance and function of the myocardium. During cardiac development and exercise induced physiological hypertrophy, an increase in organ size coincides with a subsequent increase in capillary bed density . Thus, alterations of pro or anti angiogenic factors leading to patterning or distribution changes in the vascular bed can have a critical impact on the function of the heart and its ability to withstand pathological insult .
The development of human cancers involves multiple pathological events through which cancerous cells gain the ability to overcome adverse stress imposed by adjacent normal tissue. During this process, the intrinsic genomic instability of cancerous cells induces a number of genetic and epigenetic alterations that enable them to proliferate, survive, and invade. YKL 40  is a 40 kDa secreted glycoprotein that was discovered as a heparin binding protein in the conditioned medium of human synoviocytes, chondrocytes, and MG 63 osteosarcoma cell line .
Assisted living  facilities currently provide care to approximately 1 million people in the United States, and that number is expected to rise considerably over the coming decades. Although the provision of social and supportive services are central components of AL,, the ability to safely manage the medical illnesses of residents has been identified as a priority. , However, it has been suggested that some residents with multiple, complex medical conditions present a challenge that some ALs may not be prepared to manage.
In Western societies, intervertebral disc degeneration  related lower back pain affects between 60% and 80% of the population at some point in their lives, making it one of the most important public health issues today. IDD is thought to result from multifatorial causes. However, regardless of the etiological factors, the major pathological manifestations of IDD are the progressive declining proteoglycan content, disappearance of nucleus pulposus and collapse of annulus fibrosus.
Much human cognitive control consists in the ability to stop inappropriate action. Here we explore the neurocognitive basis for how foreknowledge is used to stop particular response tendencies . On each trial participants initiated a coupled response with fingers of both hands, and then, when a stop signal occurred, the participant tried to stop one response while continuing with the other one .
Melanoma is the sixth most common malignancy in the United States; the estimated 62,480 new cases that will be diagnosed this year justify ongoing efforts to identify variables that will accurately predict outcome. In evaluating these variables, age has become an important factor. Furthermore, advanced age was recently identified as a risk factor for in transit disease.
Nonspecific effects play a significant role in symptom improvement in a wide range of medical conditions, particularly those that have components of pain or psychological symptoms . A placebo elicits nonspecific effects and may do so by administration of an inert substance, a sham treatment or any treatment that is supported by belief that it will work . As discussed by Roberts , there is no single placebo effect and no consensus on a definition of placebo, with the result that identification and understanding of non specific effects in treatment responses must be evaluated in the context of specific treatments .
Parathyroid hormone  is a major regulator of calcium metabolism that defends against hypocalcemia, in part by stimulating bone resorption and thereby the release of calcium from the skeleton. However, when injected daily, a regimen known as intermittent PTH  treatment, the hormone markedly stimulates bone formation, leading to improved bone microarchitecture and increased strength. Subsequent events are driven primarily by the activation of Wnt signaling in osteoblastic cells.
DMGDH is a mammalian flavin mitochondrial enzyme , which catalyzes the oxidative demethylation of dimethylglycine . The demethylation is performed using FAD as electron acceptor which is covalently bound to His84  via a histidyl FAD bond . In the rat this enzyme is encoded by a nuclear gene and is translated as a precursor protein of 857 aa  .
During the past decade, animal models of Alzheimer’s disease  have made considerable contribution to our understanding of molecular and pathophysiological mechanisms of AD leading to memory deficits , which are difficult to address in human studies and impossible in cultured cells. Although to date no perfect model of AD has emerged, transgenic mice that overexpress the mutated human amyloid precursor protein , presenilin  and tau genes or combine more than one of these mutations successfully recapitulate many aspects of AD such as β amyloid  plaques, neurofibrillary tangles, gliosis, synaptic degeneration, and neuronal loss to some extent. Furthermore, extensive behavioral studies have demonstrated progressive Aβ dependent memory impairments in a series of AD transgenic mouse models, using a broad battery of hippocampus dependent memory assays such as Morris water maze, Y maze, fear conditioning and object or social recognition tasks.
Alzheimer’s disease  and progressive supranuclear palsy  are two common neurodegenerative tauopathies. AD displays an equal ratio of three to four microtubule binding repeats  and is also characterized by the accumulation of amyloid plaques in addition to tau. In contrast, PSP is a relatively “pure” tauopathy and is characterized by deposition of 4R tau.
Lung cancer remains the leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and worldwide. Adenocarcinoma is the most common type of lung cancer and encompasses lesions with widely variable clinical outcomes. In the absence of noninvasive risk stratification, individualized patient management remains challenging.
Radiation therapy  is commonly used as primary treatment and as an adjuvant to the surgical excision of oral squamous cell cancer in the head and neck. While XRT is effective in destroying potential residual cancer cells, the side effects to adjacent tissue are well documented and include damage to normal epithelial, dermal and endothelial cells . While these procedures have been proven effective, they require extended hospitalization for flap monitoring and recovery, generally compromise normal anatomy and require a secondary donor site with associated morbidity and complications .
Classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia  is an autosomal recessive condition caused by an enzymatic deficiency. Androgen excess during the prenatal period causes genital ambiguity in newborn females with CAH. Despite this treatment, postnatal glucocorticoid or androgen concentrations may be abnormal, for example, because of delayed diagnosis and treatment, or because of over  or under treatment with glucocorticoids  .
SCD is a hereditary hemolytic disorder characterized by recurring episodes of painful vaso occlusive crises and endothelial dysfunction . Plasma hemopexin  has high affinity for free heme that might be released from metHb  . In sickle cell disease plasma Hp and Hpx levels are low due to chronic hemolysis .The Hb Hp complex binds to CD163 receptors expressed on the macrophages of the spleen, liver, bone marrow and kidneys.
Docosahexaenoic acid  and arachidonic acid  are two long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids  that are important in infant development of neural functioning  and visual acuity . Both LA and ALA are considered to be essential fatty acids because they cannot be produced endogenously by humans. LA is commonly found in nut, seed, and vegetable oils and is the most abundant omega 6 fatty acid in the diet.
Chromosomal aberrations that are detectable by cytogenetic methods cause a wide variety of developmental abnormalities, which vary with the size and gene content of the aberration . Array based studies have also demonstrated that smaller deletions and duplications are present as polymorphisms in the general population  and a current challenge in the field of molecular cytogenetics is to sort the disease causing abnormalities from the benign . The observation that multiple patients with deletions of 20p12 had the autosomal dominant disorder Alagille syndrome , led to the positional cloning of the AGS disease gene, Jagged1  .
Parkinson's disease  is a progressive neurodegenerative disease characterized clinically as gait and motor disturbances such as rigidity, resting tremor, slowness of voluntary movement, and postural instability. In some cases these evolve to frank dementia . A plethora of host and environmental factors affect the onset and progression of PD including genetics, environmental cues, aging, peripheral immunity, impaired energy metabolism, and oxidative stress .
The hyper IgE syndromes   are rare primary immunodeficiencies , characterized by the clinical triad of recurrent staphylococcal skin abscesses, recurrent pneumonia and serum IgE levels of >10 times the upper norm. HIES usually manifest in childhood and have a highly variable expressivity,. Although most cases are sporadic, both autosomal dominant  and autosomal recessive  inheritance have been described.
The burden of lung cancer in the world remains extremely high: the International Agency for Research on Cancer  estimated 1.6 million new diagnoses in 2008  and 1.4 million deaths  . In the U.S. and Canada, incidence  is 48.5 for males and 35.8 for females, while mortality is 37.9 and 24.2, respectively, and cumulative risk  of dying from lung cancer is 3% in females and 4.6% in males. In the U.S. 228,000 new cases of lung cancer and about 160,000 deaths were estimated for 2013 .
Newborn screening  for cystic fibrosis  aims to identify newborns with CF and initiate treatment before symptoms arise. Communication during this notification process can be challenging for both the PCP and the parent for a number of reasons. First, it requires PCPs to have sufficient knowledge about NBS for CF to explain the screening result to parents and to advise them on the next steps in the evaluation of their child.
The LGI1 gene, located in 10q24, was isolated through its association with a chromosome translocation breakpoint in the T98G glioma cell line  and has since been shown to regulate cell movement, invasion, and growth in soft agar phenotypes in glioma cells , and is frequently inactivated in head and neck cancer . Loss of chromosome region 10q24 has been associated with the development of advanced stages of glioma development  and is also a frequent event in other tumor types such as prostate cancer . Early studies using RT PCR analysis suggested that LGI1 expression was lost, or significantly down regulated in advanced stage gliomas , although the subsequent demonstration of high levels of LGI1 expression in neurons  made interpretation of these results more difficult because of the co mingling of this cell type in gliomas.
Ghrelin is a 28 amino acid peptide first identified in the rat stomach and reported as an endogenous ligand for growth hormone secretagogue receptors . It is thought that the n octanoylation at serine 3 is critical for the activity of ghrelin. , Previous studies have demonstrated that deacylated ghrelin , unlike the standard form of ghrelin, does not inhibit tumor necrosis factor alpha  induced interleukin 8  release.
Transcription, DNA repair, and replication are associated with changes in chromatin . Among these, reversible acetylation of histones at lysine residues play a role in controlling the structure of the chromatin , where highly acetylated histones make the chromatin more accessible to host factors, signifying active transcription. Thus, HATs are also referred to as lysine acetyltransferases .
The humoral and cellular immune responses are critical for the control of human immunodeficiency virus  and simian immunodeficiency virus  infections. The CD4 T cells play a key role in regulating the magnitude and function of humoral and cellular immunity . HIV preferentially infects virus specific CD4 T cells, with memory CD4 T cells being the primary target of HIV infection .
The mammalian amygdala plays an important role in detecting and learning the emotional significance of stimuli encountered by an organism . Indeed the amygdala evaluates the emotional quality of facial expressions and vocalizations, and mediates several other aspects of social communication such as eye contact and the perception of personal space . As a manifestation of its role in assessing the relevance/significance of stimuli, the amygdala is involved in allocating attention to stimuli of importance .
Motor learning as it is usually studied in the laboratory occurs in a constrained, artificial environment in which the stimulus and desired response are rigidly controlled. Indeed, such experiments allow one to hone in on fundamental, relatively low level mechanisms that underlie adaptive motor control. On the other hand, the learning that occurs during the more natural circumstances of daily life must be optimized for a complex sensory  environment in which the particular ‘contextual’ circumstances in which the learning takes place dictate the necessary type of response.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus  and Alzheimer’s disease  are chronic, age related degenerative disorders that are leading causes of morbidity and mortality in the elderly. Each has attained epidemic proportion, affecting an excess of 171  and 24 million people , respectively, worldwide. A variety of risk factors implicated in the development of T2DM, such as genetic predisposition, age, oxidative stress, obesity, diet, and physical inactivity  appear to also be involved in AD, the most common form of senile dementia .
Anatomic and functional magnetic resonance imaging  has been shown to be a valuable tool in staging prostate cancer above and beyond what is possible with standard clinical tests such as digital rectal exams, transrectal ultrasound guided biopsy and serum prostate specific antigen  measures . As with many other applications, the impetus behind the use of higher magnetic field for prostate MRI is driven by the promise of improved disease characterization resulting from increased spectral dispersion, parallel imaging performance, and signal to noise ratio . Maintaining a low g factor is critical as it inversely scales the resulting SNR for a given R based on the relation SNR ∝ 1/ .
Receiving shocks is a physically painful and emotionally distressing event experienced by those living with an implantable cardioverter defibrillator  . Shocks decrease quality of life and increase health care utilization . The longer a person has had the ICD the less accurate they are at remembering how many shocks they received  .
Particle maturation is an integral part of the assembly of complex viruses . Here we investigate particle maturation in an RNA animal virus to address three questions:  How and why do procapsid and capsid structures differ? What drives the transition between these states?
Models of blood circulation and gas exchange in the human body have advanced steadily over the past decade. The present approach differs from prior work in that the model dynamics are propagated through the relevant measurement biophysics for direct comparison with functional neuroimaging data. Previous applications of physiological models in neuroimaging have largely focused on describing the functional hemodynamic response to brain activity .
Vestibular control is a multi component process that involves coordination between eye, head and body movements to allow for the stabilization of the trunk in space during locomotion, and for stabilization of the eyes in space to maintain a steady image on the retina. A traditional, head restrained approach has been instrumental in a number of experiments to elucidate the nature of vestibular reflexes and compensatory eye movements. Such an approach allows for the study of eye head coordination using more natural behavior.
Demyelinating diseases are a heterogeneous group of diseases characterized by the destruction of myelin and extensive loss of myelin sheaths of the nerve fibers that can affect both the central and the peripheral nervous systems. Amongst these diseases both primarily autoimmune  and primarily infectious  conditions are included. The labile border between infection and autoimmunity in these diseases is nevertheless epitomized by progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy , a pathology that appears during the treatment of HIV infection.
Myocardial ischemia is a disorder of cardiac function that occurs when blood supply to myocardium is insufficient. The decrease blood flow may happen with a number of reasons, such as coronary arteriosclerosis, coronary thrombosis  and less frequently, the narrowing of arterioles in the heart . Recent studies have found that FOXO3, one member in the forkhead transcription factors  family, is also a direct downstream target of AMPK .
Alzheimer’s disease and vascular dementia are the two most common forms of cognitive impairment in the elderly. This has led to a new conception that “ and  are at the extremes of a spectrum of pathologies in which vascular and non vascular factors coexist to varying degrees”, a shift in thinking that has led to prioritization of investigating vascular contributors to dementia by the American Heart Association and American Stroke Association as well as by the National Institute on Neurological Disorders and Stroke . One common link between these three entities  cerebrovascular dysfunction, ischemic brain injury, and Alzheimer’s disease  is cerebral amyloid angiopathy  .
Research from national population based studies in the United States have generally found that risks of hazardous drinking, alcohol dependence, or other alcohol related problems are greater among sexual minority women compared to heterosexual women . Sexual minority women are also more likely than heterosexual women to report having sought treatment or other help for alcohol problems  Although there may be variation in risk between sub groups of sexual minority women, studies using multiple measures of sexual orientation consistently point to lower risks of hazardous drinking and alcohol use disorders among exclusively heterosexual women compared to lesbians, bisexual women, and other women who are classified as not exclusively heterosexual   . Disparities in risk for alcohol related problems among sexual minority women may be linked to factors such as greater exposure to stress and greater use of drinking contexts.
Major depression  is more common in subjects with coronary artery disease  than in the general population, with prevalence ranging from 17 to 30% . Depression may be predictive of CAD , although life style factors such as poor diet, lack of exercise, excessive smoking, and poor compliance with medical treatment may also contribute. Sub clinical inflammation may also cause CAD: subjects with depression often exhibit immune imbalance, altered endothelial function, and other inflammatory features .
Acquired immune deficiency syndrome  is a devastating disease that has claimed the lives of an estimated 36 million people. HIV 1 has a small genome and expresses only 15 proteins but exhibits a complex life cycle. Like all viruses it is dependent on host cell proteins and factors for productive replication and spread.
Considerable effort is underway to identify screening strategies that accurately diagnose ovarian cancer in its early stages when it is most treatable . CA125 is the most commonly used currently available ovarian cancer biomarker . It is a high molecular weight glycoprotein that is elevated in the serum of 75% to 90% of patients with epithelial ovarian tumors .
For American men, prostate cancer has the highest incidence of all cancers and is the third leading cause of death behind heart disease and lung cancer. A growing body of evidence suggests a subpopulation of tumor initiating cells  are the mediators of tumor initiation, progression and relapse . In addition, tumors derived from xenografts of mice injected with CD44+ cells histologically resembled tumors originating from unsorted cells.
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease  is the most prevalent respiratory disease in the world and is the 5th leading cause of death in developed nations . It is characterized by airflow limitation that is not fully reversible and commonly affects both the airways and lung parenchyma. Importantly, growing evidence suggests that the pulmonary microvasculature is also a prominent site of involvement.
Lung cancer is the second most common cancer and the leading cause of cancer deaths, accounting for 30% of male and 26% of female cancer deaths . With treatment, clinical stage 1A non small cell lung cancer  has a 5 year survival of 61%, while stage IV disease has a 5 year survival of only 1% . Current lung cancer diagnosis and staging focus only on the detection and anatomic distribution of the tumor.
Vascular disorders, including ischemic stroke, are leading causes of mortality and morbidity in modern societies. The underlying patho physiology is likely to be under the influence of both genetic and environmental factors . Telomeres are tandem repeats of DNA sequences located at the ends of eukaryotic chromosomes with the primary function being to protect the telomeric regions from recombination and degradation, thus avoiding a DNA damage cellular response .
Breast cancer remains a leading cause of death amongst women worldwide. Currently, therapy for DCIS involves surgical resection with or without radiation and sometimes adjuvant hormone therapy . Studies have shown that the TME is more than merely a scaffold on which the malignant cells rest but in fact plays an important interactive role with growth enhancing properties for the tumor .
Until recently most research focusing on American Indian/Alaska Native  people and communities was conducted by researchers from academic institutions. In addition, such research practices sometimes led to interventions and practices that were not effective or acceptable to AIAN communities . Equally troubling, little attention was paid to the diversity of AIAN people and communities.
Whereas endocrine studies have traditionally been used in conservation to monitor reproduction in rare or threatened species, hormones are now being used to monitor stress physiology as an indicator of how animals cope with social and ecological challenges in their daily lives . In recent years, our understanding of responses by free living animals to potential stressors has been greatly enhanced by the development of methods for non invasive hormone sampling , mainly because more traditional methods of blood sampling can themselves be stressful . As this plasticity far exceeds that observed in other large African carnivores, responses observed in spotted hyenas may represent conservative indicators of how more specialized carnivores might respond to the same potential stressors .
Ionising radiation is a potent human carcinogen. Several tissues and organs are susceptible to the transforming effects of ionising radiation, including the breast in adolescent and young women in whom risk is both dose  and age dependent. In women treated with radiotherapy for Hodgkin lymphoma, there is a linear relationship between radiation exposure and breast cancer risk, with those under the age of 20 years at the time of exposure at the highest risk of developing subsequent breast cancer.
High mobility group box 1 protein  is a ubiquitous 215 amino acid nuclear protein that binds to DNA and promotes its bending, while maintaining genome stability, DNA processing and repair, and controlling autophagy and autophagic clearance of defective mitochondria by regulating the transcription of heat shock protein 27. While in the case of necrosis the passive liberation of HMGB1 appears to represent a consequence of nucleorrhexis, much interest has been placed on the process of HMGB1 translocation across the nuclear and plasma membranes of non lethally stressed cells. It has been demonstrated that nuclear to cytoplasmic translocation of HMGB1 results in its accumulation in secretory endolysosomes.
Needle biopsy of breast masses is widely recognized as a highly accurate and economical diagnostic procedure when tissue sampling is sufficient. However, core needle biopsy  and fine needle aspiration biopsy  procedures both suffer from significant nondiagnostic sampling rates when in the hands of inexperienced operators  or, in the case of CNB, when small or non palpable masses are targeted . Integrated sensing systems are not currently used for needle guidance.
Tuberculosis  is a leading global cause of death. Vitamin D deficiency associates with susceptibility to active TB in numerous settings  and vitamin D supplementation enhances antimycobacterial immunity . Vitamin D is synthesized in the skin during exposure to ultra violet light and is metabolized by the liver to form 25 hydroxyvitamin D D), the major circulating vitamin D metabolite and accepted measure of vitamin D status.
Significant progress has been made recently in treating certain forms of inherited retinal degenerations with gene specific approaches . Treatment is effective regardless if EPO is delivered systemically or intraocularly . This implies that low levels of EPO in the eye are protective, while high levels are not.
Human decision making can be biased by context and risk . For example, a supermarket might advertise yogurt as “99% fat free” instead of “1% fat” to encourage sales, although these statements mean the same thing. This framing effect  is conceptually embraced by prospect theory .
Evidence suggests that leukocyte adhesion and leukostasis play an important role in the pathogenesis of diabetic retinopathy . However, all reported direct visualizations of blood flow have employed fluorescent contrast agents to improve signal to noise in the images. Another method employed fluorescein labeled autologous leukocytes that were reinjected into the blood stream  and visualized with an SLO.
It is widely accepted that the number of people identified with autism spectrum disorders  has risen over the past decade . By definition children with Asperger’s disorder do not show intellectual deficiency or communication delay. There is evidence that the rise in identified cases of ASD includes a high percentage of children who are not cognitively delayed  .
Cortical   basal ganglia loop circuits have a vital role in normal learning and decision making, and dysfunction of these circuits is implicated in a wide range of human neurological and psychiatric disorders. Although classic “box and arrow” models of basal ganglia organization  have spurred much fruitful research, it has also been recognized for some time that we require greater knowledge about the dynamics of brain activity in these circuits to reveal their operational principles. In particular, there is evidence that dopamine depletion in Parkinson's Disease leads to enhanced beta frequency  synchronization in the basal ganglia , that can be reversed with therapeutic treatments including dopaminergic drugs and deep brain stimulation .
School readiness is a multi dimensional construct that refers to how physically, cognitively, emotionally, socially, and behaviorally prepared for school children are. A large body of research has focused on school readiness not only because of its importance for children’s transition to formal education but also because school readiness has been associated with important long term outcomes including school completion and academic achievement . The vast majority of research on school readiness has examined North American or European samples, which has led to important understanding of these contexts.
Colour vision in most mammals, including mice, is dichromatic, being mediated by M and S opsin photopigments for sensitivity to medium long  and short  wavelengths of light, respectively . Opsins are expressed in cone photoreceptors which are generated before birth in the mouse . Cones begin to express S opsin near birth and M opsin at P8 .
Glioblastoma multiforme  is the most malignant  astrocytoma and is the most frequent type of primary brain tumor. The Central Brain Tumor Registry of the United States  states that the 5 year survival rate from the time of diagnosis is only 3.3%. Standard of care treatment involves radiation, chemotherapy, and maximal surgical re section of the tumor; however, as the poor survival rate indicates, these treatments have not been effective in preventing disease progression.
Several missense and deletion mutations of DJ 1 cause early onset familial Parkinson’s disease. Several studies suggested DJ 1 may be involved in oxidative sensoring , ubiquitin proteasome system  and post transcriptional regulation  . The expression pattern of DJ 1 in the brain remains controversial.
Multiple sclerosis  is a demyelinating disease affecting humans that is associated with an inflammatory autoimmune response in the central nervous system . Theiler’s murine encephalomyelitis virus   induced demyelinating disease  serves as a mouse model of MS. TMEV infection of susceptible SJL mice results in a persistent infection of the CNS. The innate immune response recognizes pathogens by pathogen associated molecular patterns  which enables the differentiation between self and non self.
Retinal cell loss is the cause of many degenerative human diseases, including retinitis pigmentosa and age related macular degeneration. In humans as well as other mammals, retinal cell loss is irreversible and ultimately leads to blindness. This is in stark contrast to the zebrafish retina, where damage by a variety of methods triggers a spontaneous regeneration response that restores not only lost retinal cell types, but also retina function .
During the 1990’s, preclinical, early ecological and observational studies historically reported that dietary fat intake was positively associated with breast  and colorectal cancer  risk. A sizeable randomized, controlled trial with adequate statistical power was designed to test this hypothesis. The Women’s Health Initiative  randomized low fat dietary modification  trial  was initiated with incidence of  breast cancer and colorectal cancer as primary outcomes, to test the hypothesis that an intervention involving reduced total fat  would reduce incidence of these outcomes over a 9 year period in 48,000 free living postmenopausal women .
Many studies have demonstrated the ability of folic acid supplementation to prevent neural tube defects  . Folic acid fortification of the food supply was implemented in the U.S. in early 1998, with the goal of reducing NTD prevalence. Indeed, NTD prevalence has declined in the U.S. subsequent to fortification .
The increasing prevalence of obesity among older adults is a major public health problem, because of the increasing number of older adults and the medical complications associated with obesity . Obese older adults are at particularly high risk for developing nonalcoholic fatty liver disease  because both obesity  and aging  are associated with increased IHF accumulation. The development of NAFLD in older adults has serious clinical implications, because of the potential progression to severe liver disease and the association of NAFLD with metabolic risk factors for coronary heart disease, including insulin resistance, diabetes, and dyslipidemia .
Convection enhanced delivery  uses fluid pressure at the tip of the delivery cannula and bulk flow to propagate substances within the extracellular fluid spaces . With the increasing use of CED in clinical neurosurgery , investigators have sought to visualize the delivery of therapeutics intra operatively. Real time convective delivery  utilizes MRI to visualize the CED process with the aid of Gadolinium loaded liposomes  to co distribute with the therapeutic being delivered .
It is argued by some that, as an organizing principle for US health care, approaching each patient strictly as an individual is obsolete, and that the population health approach is an alternative for improving and maintaining the health of everyone in the community . Consequently, we derived a disability staging system based on the ICF concepts  of activity and participation. Stages describe patterns of activity limitation across the classical Activities of Daily Living  and Instrumental Activities of Daily Living , each of which includes 6 tasks corresponding closely to the ICF chapters of self care and domestic life, respectively.
Over the past decade, there has been a precipitous decline in HIV related deaths worldwide because of the wide availability of antiretroviral therapy , which means that HIV infected parents are living healthier and longer and are increasingly likely to have children and/or raise their children into adolescence or adulthood. However, HIV infected parents often find it difficult to disclose their HIV status to children  due to various concerns . However, empirical data on these issues are limited to date .
It has been well established from current combat related injuries during US military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan that the ratio of serious injuries to fatal casualties exceeds that of previous conflicts. Orthopaedic trauma comprises the vast majority of these war wounds, as 70% of casualties involve the musculoskeletal system, 26% are fractures, and 82% of the fractures are open. Thus, it is not surprising that the incidence of osteomyelitis  in combat related extremity injuries is between 2% to 15%, and is of great concern.
Determination of high resolution three dimensional structures of transmembrane proteins remains a major challenge in biochemistry. As of this writing, the majority of known TMP structures are of proteins derived from prokaryotes and there are only about a dozen known structures of eukaryotic TMPs . Some of the reasons for the difficulty of TMP structure determination are well known: 1) TMPs generally can not be overexpressed to the same extent as soluble proteins.
Tumor antigen specific CD4+ helper T cells play important roles in the induction and maintenance of antitumor immune responses. In addition, immune potentiating cytokines from CD4+ T cells may help other immune cells to overcome the actions of immunosuppressive factors . In the classical view of antigen presentation, intracellular and extracellular proteins are presented to CD8+ and CD4+ T cells via the MHC class I  and MHC class II  pathways, respectively .
The urokinase type plasminogen activator  system plays an important role in the progression of many types of cancer . These processes in turn lead to tumor invasion and metastasis. Components of the uPA system, including uPAR, are overexpressed in various cancers, including human breast, prostate, and colorectal cancer, and overexpression is correlated with poor prognosis due to increased rates of metastatic relapse .
In adolescents, externalizing disorders and the syndrome of neurobehavioral disinhibition are a broad spectrum of disorders involving poor impulse control as a cardinal feature. The traditional Go NoGo task measures “rapid response” impulsivity by evaluating the ability of a subject to inhibit a prepotent response when the subject is asked to respond to a series of rapidly presented Go stimuli and to withhold responding to less frequently presented NoGo stimuli . Poor performance on a Go NoGo task has been demonstrated in populations with SUD   .
Chemokines play a major role in orchestrating innate and adaptive immune responses by controlling the migration of leukocytes using G protein coupled chemokine receptors that decorate the surface of these cells. Alongside the large chemokine receptor family is a small subfamily of ‘atypical’ chemokine receptors, members of which bind chemokines with high affinity and specificity but appear incapable of classical chemokine receptor behavior. Neither ACKR2 transfected cell lines nor primary ACKR2 expressing leukocytes migrate towards ACKR2 ligands,.
Sturge Weber syndrome  is characterized by vascular malformations present in the skin , eye, and meninges  . Although SWS may eventually progress, many patients remain neurologically normal for months or even years before developing neurological symptoms . No current diagnostic tool can reliably predict the clinical course .
Several examples of DNA templated organic reactions have been reported, but far fewer stereo  and regio specific DNA mediated polymerization reactions are known. In previous work, we have reported the attachment of dicarboxyl and diamino groups to the 2′ position of uridine nucleoside analogs. These side chains were condensed to form short segments of a nylon like polymer pendent from the nucleic acid backbone.
The AAS are synthetic derivatives of testosterone whose therapeutic use has been overshadowed by illicit self administration of excessive doses of these drugs resulting in adverse effects on reproduction and sexual behaviors . AAS abuse by teenagers  may present even greater risks than for adults, given the greater hormone sensitivity of the brain during adolescence . Administration of supraphysiological levels of AAS in rodents alters pubertal onset and reproductive behaviors and is associated with suppression of gonadotropin secretion and disruption of the hypothalamic pituitary gonadal  axis .
T cells are the only leukocyte subset in the ovarian cancer microenvironment known to exert spontaneous immune pressure against tumor progression, such that the infiltration of tumor islets by CD3+ T cells was definitively associated with a better outcome in a large cohort of patients . Interestingly, subsequent studies confirming the protective role of T cells in ovarian cancer suggest that CD4+ T cells actually have an unfavorable effect on prognosis, restricting the beneficial mediators of antitumor immune pressure to CD8+ T cells  . Since then, several reports have confirmed the contributory role of CD4+ T cells in antitumor immunity, culminating with a report in 2008 by Hunder et al, of a single case of complete response attained by a patient receiving adoptive immunotherapy with CD4+ T cell clones specific to the NY ESO 1 antigen , demonstrating the compelling prospects of CD4+ T cells in adoptive immunotherapy against other tumors.
We hypothesized that the degree of preserved functional connectivity within the DMN during the first week after cardiopulmonary arrest  would be associated with functional outcome at hospital discharge . Initially comatose CPA survivors with indeterminate prognosis at 72 hours were enrolled. The study was approved by the Queen's Medical Center  Institutional Review Committee and the University of Hawaii Institutional Review Board.
The extracellular pH  of malignant solid tumors is acidic, in the range of 6.5 to 6.9, whereas the pHe of normal tissues is significantly more alkaline, 7.2 to 7.5 . Mathematical models of the tumor host interface  and in vivo measurements have shown that solid tumors export acid into the surrounding parenchyma . It has been argued that metastatic cancers are selected for their ability to export acid .
In 2014, approximately 55,070 new cases of head and neck cancer, the majority of which are of a squamous histology , will be diagnosed in the United States and an estimated 12,000 individuals will die of these cancers . Alcohol and tobacco use are the major risk factors for HNSCC. HPV is also strongly associated with some HNSCC, especially oropharynx cancers  .
Animal lesion models and studies involving patients with selective damage to structures of the medial temporal lobe  have demonstrated critical involvement of this brain region in the encoding and retrieval of long term declarative memory, the memory for facts and events . Multiple studies have demonstrated particular involvement of the parahippocampal cortex  in successful memory formation . Anatomical studies using anterograde and retrograde tracing techniques in monkeys  and imaging methods combining functional magnetic resonance imaging  and diffusion tensor imaging  in humans  examined the connectivity between the PFC and the PHC.
Acute Myeloid Leukemia  is an aggressive malignancy of the bone marrow characterized by accumulation of early myeloid blood cells that fail to mature and differentiate. Recent clinical investigation has focused on the identification of prognostic subgroups in adult AML with the goal of guiding patients into risk adapted therapies. Such investigation determined that cytogenetic abnormalities are prognostic, some favorable and others unfavorable , yet up to 50% of patients have normal karyotype AML with a wide range of clinical outcomes.
Trigeminal pain disorders, such as migraine and temporomandibular disorders , are more prevalent in women than in men , which has been attributed to oestrogen fluctuations over the course of the menstrual cycle . Migraine increases during the perimenstrual period , and TMJ pain increases mid cycle  and at menstruation. Headache and TMDs share common features , and both may be accompanied by significant allodynia .
Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor A  is an essential regulator of vascular physiology. VEGF A plays key roles in vasculogenesis and angiogenesis during development. Angiogenesis is needed for embryogenesis and wound healing but is also associated with cancer, eye diseases and other chronic disorders.
Ewing's family tumors are malignancies that share histological features as well as a recurrent and specific t chromosomal translocation . This translocation results in a chimeric transcript encoding the N terminal domain of the RNA binding protein EWS and the DNA binding domain of the ETS family transcription factor Fli1 . EWS Fli11 has been proposed to be an oncogenic fusion protein based on its ability to transform cells.
DNA damage from endogenous and exogenous sources can promote increased mutation rates and cell death, two processes implicated in diseases such as cancer and neurodegeneration . Fortunately, cells contain a number of dedicated and functionally conserved DNA repair and damage signaling proteins that promote cell survival. Later, computational and wet bench experiments greatly expanded the list of DNA damage response genes, and after the E. coli genome was sequenced it was demonstrated that 115 of the ~4,288 identified genes could be classified in DNA replication, recombination, modification, and repair pathways .
B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia  represents the most common form of leukemia in adults of Western countries, accounts for 25% of all cases of leukemia in adults. However, this traditional view has changed in the past decade. Recent investigations have shown that high lymphocyte count can result from not only the prolonged survival, but also from proliferating cells originated in the bone morrow, lymph nodes or spleen.
Coronary heart disease is an important threat to public health in the world . Plasma TG response to pharmacological and behavioral interventions manipulation is highly variable . Intensive and sustained lifestyle modifications such as physical activity and diets especially when associated with weight loss, reduced TG levels, but for many individuals pharmacological interventions are needed to achieve substantial reduction in TGs.
Historically, therapeutic alliance has received considerable attention in adult treatment, with over 7000 studies of therapeutic alliance in adult psychotherapy . However, as of 2011, only 38 studies have examined the therapeutic relationship and outcomes in child psychotherapy . The most common definition of therapeutic alliance makes reference to the development of an affective bond, agreement on tasks, and agreement on goals .
Early life stress has been implicated in mental health disorders, such as schizophrenia, clinical depression and more recently, Autism Spectrum Disorder . Maternal separation has frequently been used in rodents to model neonatal stress and has been well characterized in terms of its developmental programming of the HPA axes and associated behavioral alterations . The objective of this study is to provide an initial behavioral characterization of a new stress paradigm in Balb/CByJ mice, which minimizes maternal separation time from the pups.
Measuring older adults’ decision making competence  reliably and validly is critical for  identifying individuals whose decision making abilities are impaired;  avoiding inappropriate removal of decision making power from competent individuals, and  advancing theories of when and how decision makers across the adult lifespan are able to meet the demands of various decision environments. Even though robust assessment tools are essential for modeling and assisting successful aging, few tools provide a performance based analysis of older adults’ DMC. In this article, we report progress in an ongoing research program that aims to measure older adults’ decision skills using behavioral decision tasks .
Styrene  is an important industrial chemical widely used in the manufacture of plastics, resins, and synthetic rubbers. Styrene is both hepatotoxic and pneumotoxic in rodents and it is classified as a possible carcinogen  in humans. The National Toxicity Program lists styrene as reasonably anticipated human carcinogen.
Chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome  is a common but poorly understood condition. Pelvic pain or discomfort is the principal diagnostic criterion. , Patients with CP/CPPS must have a negative urine culture.
Patients suffering from chronic heart failure have a reduced capacity for physical work. Although cardiac dysfunction is the primary pathological insult, the resulting syndrome of heart failure alters numerous physiological systems to impair functional capacity. However, aerobic capacity is a relatively poor predictor of performance in activities of daily living.
Regulation of connexins is critical in maintaining normal cell function. Connexins compose gap junctions, plasma membrane channels that mediate the direct cell to cell exchange of small molecules such as ions, second messengers, and small metabolites . Therefore, proper regulation of Cx43 levels, and thus Cx43 gap junction channels, is essential in maintaining normal cellular functions .
The Kruppel like family of zinc finger transcription factors  regulates a range of biological processes, including cell growth, differentiation, embryogenesis and tumorigenesis . A member of this family, KLF4, also known as gut enriched Kruppel like factor/GKLF or epithelial/endothelial zinc finger/EZF, is highly expressed in epithelial cells of different tissues . This is important since Klf4 is involved in intestinal tumorigenesis.
OSU 03012, a derivative of the drug Celecoxib, lacks COX2 inhibitory activity . Expression levels of COX2 do not simplistically correlate with tumor cell sensitivity to COX2 inhibitors . In our previous studies, inhibition of either ERK1/2 or phosphatidyl inositol 3 kinase signaling enhanced the toxicity of OSU 03012 .
Tooth development is largely under genetic control and all familial cases as well as the majority of sporadic cases of congenital tooth agenesis are likely to be caused by sequence variations in one of the many genes that are involved in tooth development . Non syndromic tooth agenesis on the other hand, has been defined as affecting predominantly the dentition and involving primarily tooth specific genes   . The distinction between syndromic and non syndromic tooth agenesis is becoming less apparent as genetic knowledge advances.
Cystic fibrosis  lung disease is characterized by airway obstruction, chronic infection, and neutrophil dominated inflammation leading to progressive and irreversible lung destruction. Neutrophil derived DNA contributes to the increased viscosity of airway secretions. Dornase alfa  hydrolyzes DNA, reducing the viscosity of CF sputum.
Alcohol is the most commonly used intoxicant among underage youth in the U.S. followed by marijuana, with 45% of teens report drinking and 18% report using marijuana in the past month . Alcohol related effects on sleep have been extensively studied in adults. Acute and subacute alcohol withdrawal  have been associated with decreased Slow Wave Sleep  and higher Rapid Eye Movement  pressure .
Epithelial cell migration plays a fundamental role in a wide variety of physiological processes ranging from tissue and organ remodeling during embryogenesis to cancer progression and other pathological events. Epithelial cell sheet migration has a central role in skin wound healing. Multiple signaling pathways are capable of activating myosin II function in adherent cells, and myosin II containing structures in cells appear to have diverse roles, not all of which are pro migratory.
Leishmaniasis, caused by infection with parasites of the Leishmania genus, affects millions of individuals worldwide causing serious morbidity and mortality. In Brazil, L. braziliensis is the most prevalent species, and can cause at least two major clinical forms: cutaneous leishmaniasis  and mucosal leishmaniasis . CL is the most frequent form and is clinically characterized by the presence of a single skin ulcer with elevated borders that can progress to spontaneous healing.
Salivary glands are highly specialized exocrine organs secreting large amounts of protein and fluid. Atrophy of salivary glands in the human can occur due to a number of different conditions including Sjögren's syndrome, irradiation therapy and obstructive sialadenitis. Parasympathetic denervation causes a gradual loss of secretory granules and then acinar morphology.
Changes in the configurational entropy of molecules are believed to contribute importantly to the free energies of conformational change and binding. A reliable method of computing configurational entropy could provide valuable insights into the mechanism of such processes, and could also offer important assistance in problems of molecular design. However, this simple Gaussian model does not yield accurate estimates of entropy when the true multivariate distribution of the spatial fluctuations in a molecule differs significantly from the Gaussian distribution, especially when the PDF is multimodal.
As a transcription factor that is activated by environmental stimuli and cellular stresses, NF κB plays an important role in numerous biological and pathological processes . NF κB is generally considered as a cell survival factor that protect cancer cells against apoptosis because it upregulates expression of anti apoptotic genes . NF κB can be activated by many anticancer therapeutics .
Serotonin , is a major neurotransmitter acting upon several receptor subtypes in brain, among which is the well characterized serotonin subtype 4  receptor . Brain distribution and other evidence suggest that 5 HT4 receptors have functions in normal cognition, learning and memory . Perturbations to 5 HT4 receptors have been implicated in some neuropsychiatric disorders, including Alzheimer’s disease , depression , and eating disorders .
Benign prostatic hyperplasia , the most common benign neoplasm in American men, is a chronic, progressive condition associated with the development of lower urinary tract symptoms . It has been demonstrated that the effect of moderate LUTS on health related quality of life  was comparable to that of having diabetes, high blood pressure or cancer, while the effect of severe LUTS was comparable to having had a heart attack or stroke. The degree to which patients find LUTS bothersome and disruptive to their daily lives provides the basis for the decision to seek treatment  and is most often the factor that brings men to medical attention.
Asperger syndrome  is an autism spectrum disorder which is characterized by deficient social interaction and communication skills, stereotyped behaviors, as well as circumscribed special interests . Although language delay is not a general characteristic of AS , individuals with AS may have initial mild deficits in their language development, and have semantic pragmatic deficits in their language use . However, research on this topic has so far been quite sparse.
Identification of new biomarkers to predict bad pregnancy/fetal outcomes would be of enormous clinical benefit. In particular, a non invasive detection of a biomarker that can identify pregnancies at risk would allow determining optimal timing of delivery and implementation of neuroprotective strategies to the mother. Currently, there are very few methods to predict adverse pregnancy/fetal outcomes .
The incidence of delayed fracture healing, or non union, is estimated to occur in 5 10% of fractures . In elderly persons with osteoporosis, non union rates can be upwards of 30%  . Studies have found mechanosensitivity to have a genetic basis .
Parkinson's disease  is a disabling neurodegenerative disorder marked by progressive motor dysfunction and characterized by the loss of nigrostriatal dopamine  neurons and cytoplasmic inclusions termed Lewy bodies . While the pathogenesis of PD has not yet been established, previous studies have implicated both genetic as well as environmental contributions. Animal models of PD have been constructed by over expression of α syn, and several of these have been used to identify factors that protect against α syn toxicity.
Ebola  and Marburg  virus are members of the family Filoviridae, which belongs to the order Mononegavirales. The MARV genome, like other members of the order, is a negative sense single stranded  RNA genome just over 19kb in length that encodes seven genes . Transcription is known to initiate at the 3′ terminus  of an encapsidated genome with one or more stem loop genomic RNA structures functioning as promoter elements for RNA dependent RNA polymerase  binding and transcriptional initiation .
Cross cultural studies of substance use behaviors have demonstratedconsiderable variation in the types of substances most commonly consumed, as well asthe social and physical contexts in which they are consumed . Such observeddifferences in drinking across ethnically defined groups are often attributed to“cultural norms.” We find this use ofthe concept of cultural norms, published in NIAAA's practitioner directed journalAlcohol Research & Health, to be fairly typical of theliterature in our field . The term “cultural norms” was not defined in this article.
Human plasma phospholipid transfer protein  is a 476 amino acid protein secreted by a wide variety of tissues  and is associated predominantly with apo A I containing lipoproteins in plasma . Among the diverse biological functions proposed for PLTP is its role in modulating vascular lipoproteins. It can mediate the conversion of HDL into larger and smaller particles  and generate pre β HDL in the process .
The proportion of women who are overweight  25 30 kg/m2) or obese  when they become pregnant is substantial and rapidly increasing; a recent study estimated that over 20% of US women are obese at the start of pregnancy. High pre pregnancy BMI, particularly obesity, increases the risk of numerous adverse maternal and fetal outcomes including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and fetal death. The impact of obesity on physical health during pregnancy has been studied extensively, while the relationship between obesity and maternal mental health has been largely neglected.
Primary Sjögren’s Syndrome  is an autoimmune disease characterized by a lymphocytic infiltrate in, and subsequent destruction of, the lacrimal and salivary glands . Immune mediated impairment of glandular function results in keratoconjunctivitis sicca and xerostomia . Alpha fodrin was identified as a potential autoantigen in mouse models  and some human patients , although the relevance of this putative autoantigen to disease remains controversial .
Urinary tract infections  occur in women with diabetes mellitus more frequently than in women without diabetes, are more severe, with pyelonephritis occurring at a five fold higher rate, and often result in complications that are otherwise rare, such as emphysematous cystitis, and fungal infections . Asymptomatic bacteriuria  occurs three times more often among women with diabetes than among otherwise healthy women; ASB is associated with an increased risk of symptomatic infection but is not causative . The presence of ASB in diabetic women is not associated with a faster decline in renal function , or greater risk of diabetic complications or mortality.
The costs of an uncomplicated renal transplant event are approximately $100 000 for the first in 90 days of care . CMS spends $27 billion/year on the care of renal failure patients, and approximately 13% of this amount is for kidney transplantation  . For example, postkidney transplant sepsis the costs insurers $48 000, posttransplant pneumonia costs insurers $38 000 and postkidney transplant urinary complications are associated with $28 000 of additional insurer costs .
One of the still unsolved mysteries of anesthesia is how temporary amnesia is produced during wakefulness by drugs such as midazolam or propofol. Though testing recognition memory some time after the administration of propofol clearly demonstrates the presence of amnesia, one cannot determine which memory process or processes are affected. Long term memory is defined here as memory that is not working memory, i.e. memory retained longer than 20 seconds after encoding in the absence of rehearsal.
Emotions are associated with the automatic generation of bodily responses, notably those mediated by the autonomic nervous system: changes in heart rate, blood pressure and bodily states contributes to emotional feelings: coupling of emotion with peripheral arousal is highlighted by influential theories of emotion, such as that of James and Lange, who argued that the central representation of bodily arousal states provides emotional colour to otherwise emotionless sensory experiences . It is also noteworthy that all these regions have been shown to be sensitive to visceral changes . Thalamus, cingulate, insula and OFC support interoceptive representations that underlie emotional feeling states  and contribute to a general ‘pain matrix’  .
Reactions of high valent iron complexes have attracted considerable interest because iron oxo intermediates are formed in catalytic oxidations in the laboratory and in nature . In a typical catalytic sequence, an iron species is oxidized to an iron oxo transient with a formal oxidation state of +5 on iron by a peroxy  or oxo containing sacrificial oxidant, and the high valent iron oxo species then oxidizes a substrate in a two electron, oxo transfer process to return the iron complex . Synthetic porphyrin iron complexes and related corrole iron complexes mimic heme containing peroxidase and cytochrome P450 enzymes, and high valent iron oxo species with both types of macrocycles have been known for years .
Pyrethroids are synthetic chemicals modeled after the naturally occurring pyrethrins, found in chrysanthemums . Type II pyrethroids, such as deltamethrin, are defined by an α cyano group that is known to produce a long lasting inhibition of voltage activated sodium channels . Pyrethroid pesticides are often thought of as “safer” alternatives to the more toxic organophosphates because of their low mammalian toxicity.
Coordination of activity between the hippocampus and medial prefrontal cortex  has been demonstrated extensively during sleep and wakefulness . The reactivation of place cells occurs during brief high frequency oscillations  in the hippocampal local field potential  and is thought to have a direct role in memory consolidation . Ripples in the CA1 region of the hippocampus occur in close time proximity to spindles recorded in neocortical regions such as mPFC .
Squamous cell carcinoma  is the most common malignancy of the upper aero digestive tract. Despite continually evolving therapeutic options, we have witnessed little improvement in survival for patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck  over the past three decades . The overwhelming majority of experimental and clinical immunotherapeutic modalities for patients with SCCHN are directed towards the activation of major histocompatibility complex  restricted αβ T lymphocytes .
Cognition is a set of high level brain functions that vary substantially among individuals. Twin studies have demonstrated that the heritability is about 60% for general cognitive ability and about 50% for memory . Recently, two genes have received particular attention for these effects.
Advances in the treatment of pediatric major depressive disorder have demonstrated effective acute phase treatments, including antidepressant medication , psychotherapy  and their combination ). Despite these gains, 40%70% of youth will experience a relapse/recurrence of depression . Most treatment studies focus on acute phase outcomes, and those studies which report long term outcomes generally continue the acute phase treatments into long term care.
Gastric cancer  is a major cause of cancer related death, worldwide. Helicobacter pylori  plays an important role in gastric carcinogenesis, although the majority of individuals with H. pylori infection do not develop gastric cancer. Surveillance of these high risk patients using reliable and accurate predictive markers is important for reducing the incidence of cancer and its mortality.
The class B scavenger receptor family is a group of integral membrane proteins which includes scavenger receptor class B type I , its splicing variant SR BII , thrombospondin receptor CD36 and lysosomal integral membrane protein II . SR BI/BII and CD36 have many common features including high structural homology and localization in plasma membrane caveolae like domains which facilitate lipid exchange and cell signaling . The SR BII isoform also mediates holopartical uptake and internalization of HDL .
Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers affecting men in the United States with approximately 234,000 new cases and 30,000 deaths in year 2006 alone . While some prostate tumors are aggressive and deadly, many others can be indolent and remain dormant for many years, without obvious symptoms of diseases , . Metabolism of arachidonic acid by LOXs leads to the formation of regioisomeric cis/trans conjugated hydroperoxyeicosatetraenoid acids , which subsequently give rise to hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acids , leukotrienes, lipoxins, and hepoxilins .
Schistosomiasis, also known as bilharzia or snail fever, is a neglected tropical disease caused by parasitic schistosomes  indigenous to tropical and subtropical regions of the developing world. Intravascular adult females produce hundreds of eggs daily during this time, which either cross the intestinal lumen to continue the lifecycle or circulate to the liver where they induce a robust host immunological response. Chronic inflammation of the liver ultimately results, leading to portal vein hypertension and severe hepatic fibrosis.
Experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis  is a CD4+ T cell mediated demyelinating autoimmune disease of the central nervous system  in mice , which serves as a model of multiple sclerosis  in humans. Mast cells  are derived from haematopoietic stem cells, which migrate into vascularized tissues and serosal cavities where they complete their maturation . The heterogeneity of these cells is suggested by their ability to produce an array of both pro  and anti inflammatory mediators and act as antigen presenting cells expressing a spectrum of co stimulatory molecules .
Congenital heart defects  occur in approximately 1% of live births and are the most common birth defects . Most CHDs are caused by abnormalities in septation and valvulogenesis. Endocardial mesenchymal transformation  is a critical process for normal septation of the outflow tract  and atrioventricular  canal.
Paclitaxel is a first line chemotherapeutic agent that inhibits the dynamic instability of microtubules, thus preventing bi orientation of chromosomes during mitosis . Thus, given the promise, yet limitation, of current anti mitotic therapies, the identification of mechanisms supporting intrinsic resistance to paclitaxel in NSCLC is essential. Our goal here was to identify the cell autonomous components that permit escape from mitotic stress induced cell death in a paclitaxel resistant NSCLC setting .
Kaposi sarcoma associated herpesvirus , also known as human herpesvirus 8  was first described in 1994 . The lytic infection is also critical for the spread of KSHV to different organs . Herpes simplex virus , human cytomegalovirus , and KSHV  are examples of viruses from the three different herpesvirus families that cause latent infection of cells .
The high level of alcohol binge drinking during adolescence remains an important public health concern . Alcohol exposure during adolescence may induce long lasting neurobiological changes that could attenuate responsiveness to alcohol later in life . The adolescent brain is more sensitive to the neurotoxic effects of alcohol than the adult brain .
Although the health benefits of breastfeeding are well established, the rates of breastfeeding initiation, continuation, and exclusive breastfeeding during the first few months of infancy are lower than expected among US mothers . Multiple health organizations, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the World Health Organization, and the American Academy of Pediatrics, recommend exclusive breastfeeding for the first four to six months of life . Despite this, the CDC estimates the national rate for exclusive breastfeeding among new US mothers at infant age three months to be only 35 percent .
Men who have sex with men  continue to make up the vast majority of HIV infections in the US. Several published reports of HIV risks that stratify risk behavior by race do not demonstrate elevated risk behavior among black MSM  as compared to white MSM . , For example, BMSM on the whole report fewer sex partners and similar rates of unprotected anal intercourse when compared with WMSM.
In the United States, there exists a common stereotype of the Asian model minority: a group of individuals who excel academically and exhibit few behavioral difficulties . For this reason, at risk Asian American youth remain relatively understudied. Between 1980 and 2000, juvenile arrests of Asian youth increased by 11 percent in the U.S., while juvenile arrests during the same period decreased for African American and European American adolescents .
Interactions between neurons and glial cells are crucial mechanisms underlying synaptic plasticity in the spinal dorsal horn in pathological pain conditions . Excessive activation of glutamate receptors in spinal dorsal horn neurons is a key mechanism leading to abnormal neuronal activation in the pain signaling system . Currently, mechanisms leading to reduced glial glutamate transporter functions and molecular mechanism by which IL 1β alters synaptic transmission in the spinal dorsal horn remain obscure.
The majority of aligned sample solid state NMR studies on proteins immobilized in supramolecular complexes, such as virus particles or membranes, have relied on 1H/15N double resonance experiments . However, there are two disadvantages to the 1H/15N double resonance approach: it is restricted to the amide nitrogen sites in the polypeptide backbone and the few nitrogen containing side chain sites, and the direct detection of 15N signals has low sensitivity because of its low gyromagnetic ratio. The design of triple resonance experiments for stationary samples is considerably different than that for magic angle spinning  experiments.
EC have been shown to play a central role in vasculogenesis during development and in angiogenesis . EC mediated angiogenesis also plays a key role in tumor development and metastasis , and endothelial dysfunction has been found to be an independent predictor of cardiovascular diseases . In addition, endothelial signaling in developmental organogenesis appears to be universal in vertebrates , making them important for tissue engineering.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia  remains a life threatening disease process prevalent among immunosuppressed populations. Therefore new treatment modalities that specifically address the pathophysiology of PcP are needed. Mortality is particularly high, up to 8090%, among those patients who require admission to an Intensive Care Unit.
Serotonin  has long been documented to play a critical trophic role in early brain development . One unique developmental feature concerning 5 HT is its transient presence in thalamocortical afferents, particularly those involved in primary sensory circuits . These findings suggest that abnormal development of the 5 HT system could lead to altered wiring of neural circuits and inappropriate behavior .
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a systemic inflammatory disease of unknown etiology characterized by destructive joint disease, significant morbidity and increased mortality . There are numerous genetic factors associated with increased risk for RA including HLA alleles containing the shared epitope , PTPN22 polymorphism, and others . These genetic factors are thought to predispose individuals to the development of autoimmunity, likely due to genetic and environmental interactions .
Back pain is a common occupational problem in commercial fishermen. In a cross sectional study of Swedish deep sea fishermen, half of fishermen experienced low back symptoms during the last 12 months . However, the importance of these factors from a prevention standpoint is limited by the degree to which they are modifiable.
Most therapeutic regimens for lymphoma are based on combinations of drugs, radiation and/or surgery to maximize patient survival. Oncolytic viruses are also being combined with other therapeutic modalities: the genetically modified adenovirus H101, which is approved in China for the treatment of head and neck carcinoma, is delivered in combination with chemotherapy . Moreover, several current clinical trials are based on the combination of oncolytic viruses with other therapies , .
Individuals lower in socioeconomic status  consistently suffer poorer mental and physical health. They are at heightened risk for numerous mental health problems, including depression, anxiety, and disruptive disorders , , as well as for a variety of chronic medical illnesses, including cardiovascular disease, arthritis, and some cancers , . This is the notion of resilience, that is, individual characteristics or situational processes that can buffer those facing adversity from poor outcomes , .
Worldwide, nearly half of all pregnancies are unintended, contributing to substantial negative health outcomes including maternal morbidity and mortality, complicated pregnancy outcomes and significant societal burdens . Despite a wide variety of reversible hormonal contraceptive methods available for women , no new reversible contraception options have been developed for men since the invention of condoms over 400 years ago. Many reversible male hormonal contraceptive regimens have been tested in clinical trials, using either testosterone alone or testosterone in combination with a progestin, to suppress gonadotropin secretion .
During the last decade, attempts to improve survival of adults with ALL have focused on the role of early dose intensification to eradicate minimal residual disease and prevent the emergence of drug resistant sub clones. Several trials have explored the role of allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation performed in first remission,. Others have tested the efficacy of dose intensification of several of the drugs that are standard components of ALL regimens,.
Family relationship quality predicts medical outcomes in stroke , end stage renal disease , and heart failure . Important aspects of family relationships include the extent to which family members are critical or blaming of each other, and the extent to which family members can express their feelings with each other and confide in each other. Among stroke patients, family functioning predicts number of hospital days during the first year following a stroke and is a better predictor of rehospitalization than typical predictors of stroke outcome .
Chromosomes are not randomly arranged in the vertebrate cell nucleus . However, it is not clear to what extent their nuclear positions, together with their neighborhoods, are conserved in daughter cells . Using similar experimental approaches, the results of recent studies argued that the chromosomes were arranged similarly in maternal and daughter cells , or that positions of chromosomes in daughter nuclei were conserved only partly and in most cases largely differed from the positions seen in mother cell nuclei  .
While the biomedical effectiveness of antiretroviral therapy  for HIV/AIDS is well established , far less is known about the “social effectiveness” of ART for adults in sub Saharan Africa. One primary way that working aged adults contribute to household welfare is by generating income in either the formal or informal sector. Labor force participation and absenteeism are incomplete measures of productivity, however, because they do not capture what is known as “impaired presenteeism”    when workers return to work but are not fully productive due to illness or disability  .
The immediate early gene  Arc/Arg3.1  was identified as a hippocampal transcript strongly induced by seizures and synaptic plasticity inducing electrical stimulation in the rat hippocampus . Arc/Arg3.1 activation and function have been investigated most in the rodent hippocampus, where this immediate early gene plays an essential role in spatial processing, learning and memory. Thus, although the detailed mechanisms through which Arc/Arg3.1 affects hippocampal functions are still under investigation, with recent evidence pointing to regulation of AMPA receptor endocytosis , mapping of Arc/Arg3.1 transcriptional induction provides a high resolution approach to linking the activity of neural circuits to complex hippocampus based behavior .
Epithelial ovarian cancer  is the fourth leading cause of cancer related deaths in women in the United States and the leading cause of gynecologic cancer deaths. Although 80% 90% of patients initially respond to first line chemotherapy agents carboplatin and paclitaxel, less than 1015% remain in complete remission and most patients eventually recur with chemoresistant tumors . Type I/CD44+ EOC cells have many characteristics associated with CSCs.
Neural differentiation of embryonic stem cells  has become a prolific area of stem cell research. This can be attributed to molecular embryologic studies of the developing nervous system which have resulted in major discoveries defining the mechanisms underlying developmental processes and because ESCs readily differentiate into neural lineages in vitro , . Proteomics has emerged as a powerful direct method of simultaneous identification and quantitation of proteins.
G protein coupled receptors  are the largest family of signal transduction proteins in the mammalian genome and a major target of therapeutic drugs,. Their signaling includes both canonical pathways mediated by heterotrimeric G proteins, and non canonical pathways mediated in part by β arrestins,. Historically, GPCR signaling was considered linear and drug development programs focused on the discovery of ligands that would either activate or block receptor function.
Developing hematopoietic cells normally require input from growth factor signaling pathways to support basal glucose metabolism for cell survival and proliferation. It is now clear that aerobic glycolysis can be directly initiated by growth factor signals and oncogenes known to cause hematologic malignancies, including Notch, Akt, and BCR Abl. The extent to which this metabolic phenotype impacts cell survival or oncogenesis, however, remains unclear .
Childhood overweight  and obesity  affect nearly 1/3 of U.S. children, and the prevalence of these conditions has increased at least four fold since the 1970s . However, obesity in ASD may be particularly problematic for a variety of reasons. First, core symptoms of ASD may relate to weight problems: for instance, children with ASD may lack social motivation to participate in family meals or in structured physical activities with other children , which might promote healthy weight.
Changes in vascular growth and survival play an important role in neointimal formation during the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and the arterial response to injury . Hedgehogs  are a class of 19 kDa morphogens that interact with heparin on the cell surface through an N terminal basic domain and are tethered to the surface through cholesterol and fatty acyl modification . Sonic hedgehog  is the most widely expressed hedgehog during development where lack of Shh is embryonically lethal .
Symptomatic seizures in infancy are associated with later life epilepsy and cognitive deficits. Epilepsy and autistic like behavior have been described to occur concurrently in 30% of patients with either disorder ; the rate of co occurrence is even higher in subjects with both autism and intellectual disability . There is no known causal relationship between epilepsy and autism, including in acquired models of epilepsy.
Social phobia is characterized by pervasive social timidity, social distress and avoidance, and for some individuals, difficulty in basic social discourse. Although different research clinics use somewhat different criteria by which to define subtypes, the distinction can be made reliably . One area where there has been less empirical attention however is the issue of social skill.
Aromatase, a member of the cytochrome P450  protein superfamily  is a unique gene product of the CYP19 gene. To date, there have been no published studies of aromatase distribution or regulation throughout the human brain, while animal studies suggest that brain aromatase activity is higher in adult males than in adult females and is modulated by changes in testosterone levels but not the phase of the female estrus cycle  . Changes in aromatase activity are also implicated in a wide range of human diseases, including Alzheimer's disease , brain injury  breast cancer , endometriosis , and hepatic cancer  .
Gastroschisis is a congenital defect of the ventral body wall, resulting in protrusion of the intestines outside the abdominal cavity. Evidence in support of this hypothesis comes from both human embryology and clinical observations. Normal re routing of the blood supply in the area of the developing abdominal wall results in an asymmetry, as the left omphalomesenteric artery undergoes apoptosis and the right side is retained .
The prognosis of acute internal carotid artery  occlusion may be difficult to predict. Patients with acute ICA occlusion may be asymptomatic or experience neurological effects ranging from transient ischaemic attack to devastating stroke. One possible explanation for such variation is that relatively good prognoses may be associated with robust collateral circulation from other arterial sources .
The ductus arteriosus is a prostaglandin sensitive fetal vascular shunt. Timely closure of the ductus arteriosus after birth is critical for successful postnatal circulatory adaptation. Patency of the fetal ductus is primarily attributed to low oxygen tension and active vasodilation by endogenous prostaglandins and nitric oxide .
Fractional flow reserve  enables physiologic assessment of coronary lesions at the time of invasive coronary angiography , and is the gold standard for identification of lesions that cause ischemia . By invasive and pathologic studies, high risk anatomic plaque features have been established as fundamental to the processes of acute coronary syndromes  and sudden cardiac death . For these lesions, several common characteristics are shared, including plaque burden, thin cap fibroatheroma, positive arterial remodeling, necrotic cores, spotty calcifications, and macrophage infiltration .
Crohn's disease  is a chronic inflammatory bowel disease that often has its onset during young adulthood and is characterized by a protracted course of relapses and remission, . Advances in medical therapy over the past two decades has significantly revolutionized the management of CD and improved our ability to achieve remission, and reduce the number of surgeries and hospitalization . Yet, nearly half the patients with CD continue to require at least one surgical resection during the course of their disease.
Understanding the transcriptional and signaling programs that specify cardiomyocyte fate from uncommitted progenitors may provide important clues to impact cellular strategies for treating failing or infarcted heart tissue. Gata4 deficient ES cells retain the ability to differentiate into cardiomyocytes in vitro, and the analysis of chimeric mice hosting knockout cells proved that Gata4 is not required for cardiomyocyte differentiation . The ventricular hypoplasia is thought to be associated with defects in cardiac morphogenesis and cardiomyocyte proliferation, rather than differentiation .
It is generally appreciated that the intrinsic mechanical properties of soft tissues provide insight into a variety of disease processes including liver fibrosis , breast lesions , myocardial infarction , hypertension , diastolic dysfunction , arterial stiffness , and muscle function . As such, there exists a continuing need for the improved noninvasive detection, assessment, and quantification of tissue mechanical properties . Techniques such as ultrasound elastography based on cross correlation analysis , transient elastography , as well as magnetic resonance elastography   are capable of quantifying the stiffness of soft tissues noninvasively and are based on imaging tissue response to intrinsic or extrinsic motion sources.
Serine and glycine are nutrients that fuel metabolic pathways including one carbon metabolism and sulfur metabolism. This metabolic unit referred to as the serine, glycine and one carbon  network provides an integration point in cellular metabolism that allows for cells to achieve diverse biological functions by converting serine and glycine into several metabolic outputs. They also include polyamine synthesis and work in the maintenance of redox status as determined by glutathione biosynthesis and NADPH production .
Stress incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse are highly prevalent conditions which are often managed surgically. Since the introduction of the tension free mesh slings in the late 1990’s for incontinence and the subsequent development of vaginal mesh procedures for pelvic organ prolapse, the surgical management of both conditions has increased substantially. With these recent changes in surgical practice, an assessment of the lifetime risk of surgery for stress incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse is necessary to understand the overall public health impact and burden of pelvic floor disorders.
Differentiated epithelial and endothelial cells have strong attachment requirements, presumably to prevent cellular vagrancy and consequent tissue disorganization. During transformation, cells lose such anchorage context and not only survive but also proliferate without attachment to solid matrix. Certain pathways downstream from integrins may influence detachment signals.
Lung cancer is formerly the highest cause of mortality among tumor pathologies worldwide. There are no validated techniques for an early detection of pulmonary cancer lesions other than low dose helical CT scan. Unfortunately, this method have some downside effects .
The peroxisome proliferator activated receptors PPARα and PPARγ are nuclear receptors that, upon heterodimerization with the retinoid X receptor , function as ligand activated transcriptional regulators of genes controlling lipid and glucose metabolism . PPARγ is also expressed in pancreatic β cells, but its level of expression is much lower than elsewhere . Agonist induced activation of PPARγ/RXR is known to increase insulin sensitivity , and synthetic ligands of PPARγ, thiazolidinedione drugs , which have the ability to directly bind and activate PPARγ  and stimulate adipocyte differentiation , are used clinically to reduce insulin resistance and improve hyperglycemia in Type 2 diabetes mellitus  .
The vertebrate retina is an accessible, well described sensory tissue that continuously provides valuable insights into neurogenesis, nerve structure, and nervous system circuitry . In particular, major advances have been made using the retina as a model for central nervous system development. This is especially true for RGCs, for which extensive analysis has revealed the transcriptional network circuitry critical for RGC specification and differentiation .
We aim to better characterize the staining patterns of inverted papilloma  with and without carcinoma by performing immunohistochemistry for p16, EGFR , p53, and Cyclin D1 antibodies on a large patient cohort . One hundred and sixty two IP specimens from 122 patients treated at the University of Michigan between 1996 and 2011. Twenty two specimens contained carcinoma.
HER 2/neu is a 185 kDa transmembrane protein homologous to epidermal growth factor receptor . Overexpression of this protein is required for the maintenance of malignant phenotype of several tumors and is associated with poor prognosis in cancer patients . In previous studies, several MHC class I epitopes of different tumor antigens such as p53, carcinoembryonic antigen, MAGE2/3 and HER 2/neu were identified and many of these peptides are being or have been tested in clinical trials .
Allergic disease, including food allergy, allergic rhinitis , atopic dermatitis , and asthma, is one of the major causes of morbidity worldwide . Its prevalence has been rising in many parts of the world and the global prevalence differences are lessening . As such, the economic burden of these diseases is substantial in both developed and developing countries .
Converging evidence suggests that inbred Wistar Kyoto rats  are models of inherent anxiousness and vulnerability to stress. Enhanced stress reactivity has several implications for eyeblink conditioning. For one, enhanced stress reactivity may manifest as increased reactivity to the appreciation of the US, expressed as the magnitude of the unconditional response  .
Clinical applications of 13C MRS have been explored in a wide range of human brain diseases from the new born to advanced age . 13C enriched glucose and acetate have been used to distinguish neuronal from glial metabolism and, with low power  decoupling within the FDA limits of power deposition , previous no go frontal areas of the brain have become accessible to 13C MRS examinations . Data analyses based on complex, steady state multi enzyme models have been replaced by simpler single step calculations, to distinguish between normal and diseased states of neurons .
Unremitting bacterial infection increases nitrogen excretion resulting from an imbalance between rates of whole body protein synthesis and degradation . Although sepsis induced changes in protein balance can be detected in several tissues, much of the urinary loss of nitrogen and increased protein turnover is attributable to the erosion of muscle mass . The mechanism by which prolonged sepsis leads to muscle atrophy involves both a decreased rate of protein synthesis and increased the rate of proteolysis .
In mammals with haemachorial placentation, pregnancy represents a physiological state in which intimate contact between maternal and fetal tissues must occur. PSGs are members of the carcinoembryonic antigen  family of immunoglobulin  like genes . PSG protein and mRNA have been detected in trophoblast giant cells and spongiotrophoblasts of the mouse as early as Embryonic Day 6.5 .
It has become well accepted that osteocytes play an important role in bone maintenance and adaptation in response to mechanical stimuli . For example, PGE2 was found to increase bone mass by stimulating osteoblast recruitment and NO may inhibit proliferation of osteoblast precursors and accelerate their differentiation into osteoblasts . Osteocyte derived sclerostin negatively regulates osteoblastic bone formation through the Wnt signaling pathway .
Heavy alcohol consumption and illicit drug use during college are associated with significant adverse effects on the health, well being and safety of young adults . Recently, it has been estimated from national data that 20.6% of full time college students meet DSM IV criteria for an alcohol use disorder  and 7.9% meet criteria for a drug use disorder . Researchers have long advocated for early identification, screening, and intervention with high risk students as part of a comprehensive approach to reducing problems related to substance use .
One of the most effective strategies to improve BP control involves team based care that includes collaborative care or independent management by a pharmacist. We conducted a systematic review of the literature that included 37 controlled clinical studies of either nurse or pharmacist assisted BP management. The reduction in SBP when a pharmacist was involved was 9.3 mm Hg and 4.8 mm Hg in studies involving nurses.
Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory condition in which immune and non immune mechanisms induce endothelial dysfunction, the first step in atherogenesis. However, the potential atherogenic role of the complement system, a main effector arm of immunity and inflammation, remains to be determined . These three pathways eventually converge at the level of C3 and the formation of a C5 convertase.
Prostate cancer  is the most common non skin cancer among men in developed countries and the second leading cause of cancer death . Therefore, an improved understanding of the molecular pathways leading to chemo resistance will have direct clinical implications by increasing our capability to develop new treatment options that may overcome drug resistance in advanced PCa . This pro survival activity represents a major functional difference between the normal PCPH protein and the mt PCPH oncoprotein, because expression of the normal protein consistently provided lower levels of protection against apoptotic agents, including chemotherapeutic drugs and radiation .
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration  comprises a clinically heterogeneous group of disorders that primarily affect either personality or language. bvFTLD is the most common clinical presentation with early behavioural and personality changes. A number of related neurodegenerative diseases with a prominent motor component overlap with FTLD, namely the corticobasal syndrome , progressive supranuclear palsy  and motoneuron disease   .
The cellular mechanisms underlying nigral dopaminergic degeneration associated with various pathological conditions such as Parkinson’s disease  and methamphetamine abuse are yet to be clarified. In recent years, studies have implicated oxidative stress as a key contributor to dopaminergic cell degeneration, including PD associated degeneration. , Oxidative damage triggered by reactive oxygen species  such as hydrogen peroxide  can activate a series of signaling events ultimately leading to programmed cell death, or apoptosis.
Sickle cell disease  is a chronic disease associated with a diversity of serious pathophysiologic complications including, but not limited to, chronic hemolytic anemia, stroke, acute chest syndrome, pulmonary embolus, pulmonary hypertension, cholecystitis, hepatic and splenic sequestration, retinal detachment and hemorrhage, aseptic necrosis of the joints, priapism, iron overload, and chronic leg ulcers. Patients with SCD often present to the emergency department  with acute pain crisis, often referred to as a vaso occlusive crisis . While the frequency and severity of complications varies widely, it is likely that all persons with SCD will obtain care in the ED at some point in time .
Cancer is the leading cause of death in U.S. and many developed countries. The number of global cancer deaths is projected to increase 45% from 2007 to 2030 . Several different approaches have been implemented for prevention, early detection, diagnosis and treatment of various types of cancers.
There is increasing evidence to suggest that size at birth and childhood growth are important determinants of body composition and chronic disease in later life . Although maternal birth weight, smoking, exercise levels and adiposity in pregnancy have all been shown to influence bone mass at birth , less is known about the prenatal determinants of other aspects of neonatal body composition such as fat and lean mass, and the extent to which these effects are modified by the early postnatal environment. Many epidemiologic studies of obesity have used BMI as the main outcome measure but interpretation of BMI is difficult because it reflects both fat and muscle mass.
The synapse between the motor nerve and skeletal muscle, commonly referred to as the neuromuscular junction , is cholinergic in vertebrates and is a model system for the investigation of synapses . γ and ε are developmentally regulated and can substitute for each other. The embryonic type γ is replaced by the adult type ε as the synapse matures  .
Oxidative stress, defined as an imbalance between the production of reactive oxygen species  and the antioxidant defence system, plays an important role in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus  . Attention has therefore been focused on the potential protective role of dietary antioxidants in the aetiology of impaired glucose tolerance and T2DM . A meta analysis of observational data from cohort studies showed protective effects of greater intakes of dietary antioxidants on risk of T2DM .
The presence of epileptiform abnormalities on electroencephalogram  augments clinical information about seizures and helps with both diagnosis and classification. Since the first EEG does not always show an epileptiform abnormality and serial EEGs may all be normal , multiple EEGs are often recorded in an effort to find an epileptiform abnormality that may guide treatment, particularly if patients continue to experience seizures . Most previous studies of the yield of epileptiform abnormalities on EEG in new onset seizures have evaluated a single EEG.
Motor redundancy or, when considered more positively, motor abundance  makes it possible for multiple variations of joint and muscle coordination to be used to achieve a given task performance. These results are consistent with Bernstein's intuition that task performance typically involves “repetition without repetition” . Many of the above cited studies have investigated differences in indices of variability of various task relevant variables when performing a particular task.
Gray ProRoot mineral trioxide aggregate   was patented in 1995 as a root end filling material . Mineral trioxide aggregate  has two phases, calcium oxide and calcium phosphate; the calcium oxide reacts with tissue fluid to form calcium hydroxide  . The chemical and physical characteristics  and biocompatibility  of MTA have been reported.
Cognitive models of social anxiety posit that the interpretation of ambiguous information as threatening maintains anxiety . For example, it is difficult to know if a conversation partner's yawn indicates boredom  or exhaustion . Participants with social phobia did not show this pattern in learning a benign meaning of a homograph.
In 1932 Joannes Cassianus Pompe described the clinical and pathological findings in a 7 month old girl who died with an unusual disease  that has come to bear his name . In an insightful study almost a decade later , Hers inferred that it was a lysosomal storage disease, the first in what has become an extensive list of 40 to 50 lysosomal storage diseases  . Patients with less severe enzyme deficiencies generally develop symptoms later in life, with skeletal muscle weakness, especially of respiratory musculature, but not cardiac failure .
Poly  based hydrogels are currently being investigated for a myriad of biomedical applications, including drug delivery, surface modifications, diagnostic devices, and tissue engineering due to their appeal as a hydrophilic and cytocompatible biomaterial as well as the range of physicochemical properties that can be achieved to meet the needs of the application . These materials are of particular interest for tissue engineering applications because of their ability to mimic the extracellular matrix of tissues and direct the growth of neo tissue within a three dimensional architecture ,. By varying parameters such as network morphology, crosslinking density, and polymer composition, PEG based hydrogels can be easily tailored to meet the requirements for regeneration of a multitude of tissue types  .
The ability to track drug delivery and disposition is critical to the development and assessment of new therapeutic agents. Detailed analysis of absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion  is required by regulatory agencies that govern the approval process. Such vehicles carry large payloads of drug and ideally are designed to preferentially release the active therapeutic agent only when bound to the target .
The ability to rapidly change the velocity and direction of whole body center of mass is a fundamental locomotor skill in most sports. Thus, identifying factors that influence proficiency of this motor skill could be useful for the development of training programs aimed at improving sport performance . Currently, little is known regarding definitive factors that influence agility.
In endochondral bone development mesenchymal condensates differentiate into chondrocytes that proliferate to form and enlarge the bone structure . Chondrocytes continue to proliferate and undergo well ordered phases of maturation. The chondrocytes undergo cycles of proliferation, flatten and form orderly columns, become hypertrophic and eventually die, to be replaced by osteoblasts adjacent to the growth plate in the marrow space and the bone collar.
BCL 2 family proteins are important regulators of the mitochondrial outermembrane potential  and thereby the induction of apoptosis . The proapoptotic BCL 2 family members BAX and BAK containmultiple BH domains and control the MOMP. Binding of Nur77exposes the BCL 2 BH3 domain and converts BCL 2 from an antiapoptotic protein to aninducer of apoptosis .
To fully understand the biological relevance, regulation and function of DNA in processes ranging from replication to transcription and repair, it is important to gain atomic level insight into the sequence specific structure, deformability and dynamics of DNA . Towards this end, many experimental, theoretical, and simulation approaches have been applied to provide this atomistic insight into DNA structure and dynamics on timescales ranging from very fast femto  and pico second processes to longer millisecond timescale events such as base pair opening . MD simulations tens of microseconds in length were performed to attempt to address this question.
Optimal recovery of cerebral blood flow  has been implicated as a critical factor in determining neuronal survival after asphyxial cardiac arrest  in infants and children. CBF after CA is well described in adult animal models; however there are limited data on CBF after pediatric asphyxial CA. In adult CA models CBF after CA is phasic in nature, with global hyperemia present for 15 30 min after return of spontaneous circulation  characterized by CBF 2 3 times higher than baseline, followed by delayed hypoperfusion that occurs after 15 30 min and continues for several hours after ROSC  .
Social networks are imperative for human survival and reproduction: they allow the sharing of information, knowledge and resources, as well as aiding cooperation, for example in hunting and for collective childcare . Sustaining social bonds beyond the residential band is a challenge that hunter gatherers need to solve in order to survive. We argue that the most conservative interpretation of the distance over which raw materials are moved is that it reflects the distance over which there exists the potential for maintaining social cohesion if social encounters and interactions occur.
The stem cell niche is essential in the maintenance and differentiation of stem and progenitor cells in vivo . However, because Sertoli cells also produce factors such as inhibin, which seems to prevent stem cell self renewal, researchers have resorted to other common feeder cell types . have used mitomycin C inactivated murine embryonic fibroblasts , which produce leukemia inhibitory factor , whereas the Brinster group  used STO cells and Seandel et al. One of the most extensively studied systems to date is the cultivation of embryonic stem cells .
Tobacco smoke exposure during pregnancy results in a number of deleterious health effects for both mother and offspring . Prominent among these is an increased risk for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder  and other non clinical cognitive issues in children of smoking mothers, suggesting that a component in tobacco can adversely affect neurodevelopment . A number of methods of administration during pregnancy and the early postnatal period have been employed in rodents to assess the potential of nicotine to alter neurodevelopment .
Taxol  is one of the most effective microtubule targeting drugs for breast cancer treatment and it accounts for significant improvements in breast cancer patient’s survival in the last two decades. Taxol resistance is a major obstacle that severely limited the improvement of response and survival in Taxol treated cancer patients . One focus of attention in this effort is on ErbB2 , a receptor tyrosine kinase that is overexpressed in 20 30% of human breast cancers, and has been shown to correlate with a poor prognosis .
Trichomonas vaginalis is a sexually transmitted protozoan that causes vaginitis in approximately 2050% of infected women, and non gonococcal urethritis in a small percentage of infected men. We previously hypothesized that this lack of specific symptoms might facilitate persistent and undetected trichomonosis  in men, thereby providing T. vaginalis with greater opportunity to ascend to the prostate than other more symptomatic sexually transmitted agents. Indeed, early trichomonosis researchers believed the prostate to be the reservoir for T. vaginalis based on its frequent detection in prostate fluid from male partners of women with trichomonal vaginitis.
In recent years, the WHO has estimated that suicide rates have shown a 60 % rise worldwide with nearly one million deaths from suicides each year. Strikingly, low and middle income developing countries have accounted for 84 % of suicides . Suicide is a well recognised public health challenge ranking as the second leading cause of death for the 1519 years age group, and one of three leading causes of death in the most economically productive 1544 year age range .
Noncovalent interactions, such as hydrogen bonding, hydrophobic packing, and aromatic interactions, are important forces in biomolecules because these collective interactions contribute to the overall stability of nucleic acids, proteins, and peptides. This interaction is electrostatic in nature and plays a critical role in biomolecular stability. For example, aromatic interactions are responsible for base pair stacking in DNA.
Post operative wound infections in pediatric patients undergoing cardiothoracic surgery occurs in 2.38% of patients . This complication results in increased morbidity, longer hospitalizations, and increased cost—with over $1.6 billion annually in extra hospital charges reported . In particular, the financial burden is becoming a more urgent concern for our field as insurance reforms limiting the reimbursement for these “preventable” complications become more common.
Manipulating gene expression in skeletal muscle is of interest for a wide array of fundamental and applied research questions relating to gene function in neuromuscular development, health and disease. Embryonic or perinatal lethality resulting from manipulating gene expression can prove to be a significant hurdle to research. Notably, the Cre/loxP system is used in mice to allow for conditional activation or inactivation of mutations.
Neuromyotonia is defined as persistent muscle contraction following voluntary movement, resulting from hyperexcitability of the peripheral nerve and not the muscle itself. Neuromyotonia can be acquired and is often associated with autoimmune reactivity against voltage gated potassium channels . In total, 8 mutations were identified in 33 families, often in a compound heterozygous state although the R37P allele was prevalent and did appear as a homozygous variant.
Voltage gated ion channels are multi functional . For example, VGSC β subunits regulate channel transcription, cell surface expression, and subcellular localization, modulate channel currents, and participate in cell cell adhesion  . VGSC α subunit cDNAs express functional channels in heterologous systems.
Stroke is the leading cause of neurological disability among adults , with associated behavioral sequelae ranging from the functional  to the clinical  . Aging is a major risk factor for stroke . Among the issues to clarify for the growing population of mild stroke older adults are  the range and specificity of cognitive or motor effects,  underlying neurological damage ,  clinical diagnosis and prognosis,  possible relationship to other vascular sources of cognitive impairment, and  neurorehabilitation and productivity prospects .
Neurons of the major pelvic ganglia  innervate urogenital organs and components of the lower bowel. The MPG are unique autonomic ganglia in that they contain both sympathetic and parasympathetic postganglionic neurons and receive input from the lumbar sympathetic and sacral parasympathetic nerves. Classically the ganglia have been perceived as relay stations for the central neurochemical drive to the peripheral organs.
It is well recognized in economic theory, as well as in everyday life, that purchasing decisions are influenced by price and disposable income. This principle applies to the sale of cigarettes as it does other consumer goods. Studies have repeatedly illustrated that a 10% increase in the price of cigarettes typically results in a 2.55% decrease in cigarette consumption.
Calpain is a cytosolic cystein protease that translocates to membrane upon activation. Through interactions with its substrates, calpain plays an important role transducing signals of cell migration, differentiation, and proliferation . Because VEGF mediated angiogenesis is at least partially attributed to endothelial cell production of nitric oxide  ,, we became interested in whether some of the undiscovered roles of calpain deal with VEGF production of NO• and angiogenesis.
The two emerging techniques for the study of fetal brain function in utero are functional magnetic resonance imaging  and fetal magnetoencephalography . Because fMEG does not provide anatomical imaging, this additional information must be obtained by complementary imaging techniques such as ultrasound  . Until recently, there have been no appropriate models for the generation of biomagnetic and electrical signals originating in the abdomen.
Diabetes mellitus is a chronic metabolic disease with serious oral health implications. Studies  also suggest a bidirectional relationship between periodontal disease and diabetes, with periodontal disease worsening glycemic control, and poorly controlled or uncontrolled diabetes increasing the likelihood of destructive periodontitis . Furthermore, studies  have shown that poor perception of one’s oral health status  among people with diabetes has a strong negative impact on their health related quality of life.
Peripartum hysterectomy, a surgical procedure performed at the time of delivery or in the immediate postpartum period, although a rare event, is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. The main complications related to emergency peripartum hysterectomy include transfusions,,, need for re exploration because of persistent bleeding and febrile morbidity , major surgical complications or maternal death, . Many studies have estimated an incidence rate in the US between 0.8 and 1.5 per 1,000 deliveries,, although, the incidence has been reported to be as high as 2.28 per 1,000 deliveries.
Minority families often reside in neighborhoods with few supermarkets or alternative healthy food options , making fresh produce difficult to obtain. This qualitative study identified factors influencing fruit and vegetable shopping and use of alternative healthy food options . Forty eight minority women with children completed interviews regarding food shopping habits and use of and attitudes toward alternative healthy food options.
Glioma is one of the most fatal tumors and its etiology is largely unknown . Several recent reviews  and a meta analysis  indicate that a history of atopic conditions, such as allergies, asthma, and eczema, is inversely associated with the risk of glioma. The biological mechanism behind this association is thought to be elimination of pro cancerous cells by increased immuno surveillance due to the hyperactive immune state seen in atopy.
While tuberculosis  control programs have made major strides in reducing TB incidence in adults in many high burden countries, assessing program impact on pediatric TB remains difficult because of the lack of a dependable “gold standard test”. Children comprise an estimated 20% of the total TB caseload in high incidence communities,,, but most surveillance programs only count acid fast bacillus  smear positive cases, excluding over 95% of presumptive TB cases among children under 12. Adequate diagnosis of pediatric TB is difficult due to lack of sputum production and paucity or absence of organisms in respiratory secretions, because TB bacilli typically remain confined to perihilar nodes that do not rupture into the bronchus.
Despite declines over the last 25 years, more than a fifth of the US population continues to smoke, and an increasing number of tobacco users are intermittent smokers in social settings . It is likely that environmental cues contribute to social and habitual tobacco use. Nicotine, the primary addictive substance in tobacco smoke, stimulates neuronal activity in the ventral tegmental area and downstream dopamine  projection regions that support addictive behavior .
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease , a hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome, and NASH, a progressive form of NAFLD, are two of the most common chronic liver diseases in the United States and worldwide. These two pathological states have been shown to progress to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. The successful prevention and treatment of NASH relies on the ability to identify vulnerable subpopulations and detect the disease early and greatly depends on a better understanding of the underlying molecular mechanisms involved in NASH pathogenesis.
Carcinomas are epithelial cancers that constitute 90% of human malignancies and are fatal due to their metastases. Non small cell lung cancer  is the leading cause of cancer related deaths in Western countries. No curative therapies are available for patients with metastatic NSCLC, whose median overall survival is approximately 12 months.
One type of RNA editing involves the conversion of adenosine residues into inosine  in double stranded RNA  through the action of ADAR  . 5 HT2CR is detected exclusively in the central nervous system and plays roles in various physiological and behavioral processes. Increased anxiety , hyperlocomotion , and adult onset hyperphagia and obesity  have been reported with 5 HT2CR null mice, confirming the importance of 5 HT2CR in the regulation of emotion, locomotion, and appetite and metabolic rate control.
Activated protein C  is an endogenous serine protease with anticoagulant, anti inflammatory and cytoprotective activities . Its anticoagulant activity is mediated by irreversible inactivation of the coagulation cofactors, factor Va and FVIIIa . In the central nervous system, activation of the protein C  cellular pathway results in neuroprotection after transient brain ischemia or embolic stroke .
Interest in the substance abuse treatment workforce is increasing while service providers and researchers are attempting to understand the intricate social factors that facilitate or impede service delivery and adoption of new technologies. Turnover in health service organizations disrupts service provision, affects client/counselor relationships, hampers their ability to achieve goals efficiently, and interferes with aspects of organizational functioning  that are important in providing quality care. Understanding supervisory turnover is therefore essential .
Plasma and red blood cell  fatty acid  composition have both been proposed as biomarkers for cardiovascular disease  risk . Not only individual FAs but also composite indices  may predict CVD events and could therefore theoretically serve as risk markers. One approach to risk marker validation is to conduct a case control study in which the FA composition of samples taken from patients with disease is compared to that of individuals free of the disease.
Breast cancer  survivors face unique health challenges, such as lymphedema, which may impact their health related quality of life . In BrCa survivors, lymphedema is chronic, progressive swelling that involves the arm, shoulder, neck or torso from physical disruption or compression of lymphatic channels from tumor invasion, surgery or radiotherapy. , Lymphedema may develop at any time from initial treatment to twenty years later.
Homeodomain containing transcription factors  were discovered on the basis of their remarkable role in specifying positional information along the body axis, a function widely conserved among metazoans . In Drosophila, for example, sex specific expression of the Hox gene Scr is required for development of the male specific sex comb and has influenced the morphological evolution of this structure  . Hox proteins of the Abdominal B  family control varied aspects of sexual development.
Binge eating  and night eating  are behaviors associated with dysregulated eating. Each also represents a potentially modifiable behavioral feature that can be targeted in interventions for both eating disorders and weight management. Several twin studies using varying definitions of the behavior of BE report heritability estimates ranging from 46% to 51% .
Wound classification  has an interesting background. The study results were first published in the Annals of Surgery in 1964 with a further report in 1968., In 1970, the National Nosocomial Infectious Surveillance  system was established, as an aggregated database for infections occurring at acute care hospitals, and this incorporated wound classification as a risk factor for surgical site infections ., In 1985, wound classification also appeared in the Center for Disease Control’s  guidelines for prevention of postoperative wound infection as a “Must” element of documentation at the time of the operation. However, none of these early sources were absolute “owners” of the system .
In amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , unlike other motor neuron diseases, both the cortical and spinal components of motor neuron circuitry progressively degenerate . Therefore, bringing effective treatments to ALS requires targeting both the spinal motor neurons  in the spinal cord and the corticospinal motor neurons  in the motor cortex. Therefore, due to the central involvement of CSMN in motor neuron circuitry and their selective vulnerability and degeneration in various diseases, it is imperative to understand cellular mechanisms for CSMN vulnerability and to develop CSMN directed gene delivery approaches in the cerebral cortex .
Antibiotics are the most commonly prescribed medications to children across all age groups. One fifth of all pediatric ambulatory visits result in an antibiotic prescription . Despite an overall decline in antibiotic prescribing for US children  inappropriate use of expensive broad spectrum antibiotics is rising , which substantially increases health costs, promotes bacterial resistance, and contributes to increasing rates of antibiotic associated adverse effects.
Niemann Pick C disease  is a lethal, neuronopathic autosomal recessive neurodegenerative disorder of childhood caused by mutations in the NPC1 or NPC2 proteins, leading to an accumulation of unesterified cholesterol and glycosphingolipids  in lysosomes . Clinically, NPC is characterized by progressive neurological deterioration and hepato splenomegaly, with varying age at onset and ensuing course . Two disease causing genes, NPC1  and NPC2  have been identified .
Chronic kidney disease  is a serious public health problem. According to the National Kidney Foundation, 26 million people in America  have CKD and millions more are at an increased risk. CKD progresses through 5 stages; Stage 5 CKD requires renal replacement therapy .
Each year influenza viruses cause significant morbidity and mortality . In fact, last winter , 23,753 specimens tested positive for influenza viruses in collaborating laboratories of the World Health Organization and the National Respiratory and Enteric Virus Surveillance System in the United States . Of the influenza positive specimens, 79% were influenza A viruses and 62% of these were of the H1 subtype .
Pain interference  refers to the degree to which pain limits or interferes with individuals' physical, mental and social activities. This domain is increasingly recognized as important for both understanding patients' experiences and as a key outcome in pain clinical trials . A number of measures of pain interference have been developed including a 9 item scale from the West Haven Yale Multidimensional Pain Inventory  , a 7 item scale from the Brief Pain Inventory , a 6 item Pain Impact Questionnaire  , a 3 item scale from the Chronic Pain Grade , and the 7 item Pain Disability Index .
In musculoskeletal medicine an increasing clinical need exists for bone regeneration and grafting strategies to treat bony voids after spinal fusion, maxillofacial surgery, implant fixation, resection of primary tumors and metastases, or trauma. Recently it has been proposed that the main function of transplanted BMSCs is not to directly conduct bone formation but rather to contribute to a regenerative environment by which host osteoprogenitors can be recruited to the site of repair and differentiate into matrix producing osteoblasts. , Hydrogels are biodegradable synthetic or natural polymers that can be manufactured in large quantities and whose mechanical and biological properties can be varied over a wide range, thereby opening novel treatment opportunities.
The morphogenetic events of early embryonic development are comprised of a series of complex cell and tissue movements. These movements include mesendoderm migration, epiboly and convergent extension, each of which relies on tight temporal and spatial control of chemical and mechanical signals over multiple length scales . Cohesion of the mesendoderm tissue is maintained by cadherin based cell cell contacts across which tensile forces are distributed .
Great strides have been made in reducing incidence and mortality from colorectal cancer  in the United States over the last decade. In addition, mortality rates decreased from 19.0 cases per 100,000 in 2003, to 16.7 per 100,000 cases in 2007. Relatives of patients with CRC are at increased risk of developing the disease.
Protein design was cast in 1983 as an “inverted” folding problem by Pabo, who discussed how finding sequences compatible with a given structure might be easier than predicting how a sequence folds. Despite very significant progress, many basic questions related to computational protein design methodology remain. One important issue is how to choose a structural template for the target, , .
Traditionally comprising three major families: the Conidae , the Terebridae , and the Turridae s.l. , the superfamily Conoidea is an extremely biodiverse group of venomous marine snails. Venoms of conoideans are a complex mixture, with more than a hundred individual peptide components, comprising a largely untapped pharmacological resource  .
Adenovirus vectors have garnered significant attention as candidate vaccine platforms due to their large transgene coding capacity and potent immunogenicity. Ad vector based vaccines are being pursued for a number of viral infections, including Ebola , influenza , hepatitis C , rabies  and HIV 1 . Recently we have evaluated an Ad26 vector based vaccine for HIV 1 in clinical trials , and preclinical studies with Ad26 based vaccine regimens in non human primates resulted in partial protection against acquisition of infection as well as virologic control following SIVmac251 challenges .
Mechanical circulatory assist  devices such as ventricular assist devices  are often employed to augment the function of failing ventricles in patients with advanced heart failure. While VADs are effectively utilized to provide a bridge to transplant or as destination therapy, they unfortunately still have limitations such as mechanical failure, infection, bleeding, and thrombosis . These conditions make platelets more susceptible to shear induced activation, resulting in enhanced coagulation and formation of thromboemboli .
The increase in resistance of bacterial strains to existing antibiotics is a major public health concern  World Health Statistics 2008. HDPs are elements of the host innate immune defense system. The upregulation and/or release of HDPs is induced upon infection with bacteria or viruses.
Onset of bipolar disorder  during childhood significantly affects an individual’s psychosocial development. Moreover, youth with BP are at high risk for suicidal behaviors and completed suicide, substance abuse, and legal problems, and have particularly high rates of health services utilization . Some of the most common comorbid disorders among youth with BP are the anxiety disorders .
Over 28,000 solid organ transplants are performed annually in the United States . In particular, post transplant lymphoproliferative disorder  is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in transplant recipients . Epstein Barr virus  is prominent in the etiology of PTLD , but recipient age, variations in pharmacologic immunosuppression, and type of organ transplanted have also been associated with PTLD risk .
In the United States, approximately 39,000 women will be diagnosed with endometrial cancer and over 7,400 deaths will be attributable to this disease . Although the incidence of endometrial cancer is 30% lower among Black women compared to White women, mortality among Blacks with endometrial cancer is 60% higher . Population based studies have suggested that inequalities in treatment may contribute to poor survival observed among Black women with endometrial cancer  .
The molecular chaperone heat shock protein 90  is currently of major interest as an anticancer drug target. The combinatorial effect of HSP90 inhibitors on multiple oncogenic pathways explains the broad spectrum of anticancer activity of HSP90 inhibitors, and allows them to overcome resistance to various other anticancer therapies . This combinatorial action might also render the probability of cells escaping treatment with HSP90 inhibitors by using alternative resistant pathways less likely to occur.
The human organic cation transporter  type 1 was first isolated from the cultured human glioma cell line SK MG 1 . Later, the presence of OCT1, OCT2, and OCT3 were confirmed in different cultured glioma cell lines . This corresponded to the early data that cultured gliomas possess well expressed, Na+ independent, monoamine transporters .
Macrophages are permissive to CCR5 tropic HIV 1 and in most models can host active viral replication without significant cytopathic effect,. This interaction may contribute to HIV related disease during HIV 1 transmission when R5 tropic virus predominates, by transfer of virus to T cells, as a long lived viral reservoir and by provoking bystander cell apoptosis that may be involved in T cell or neuronal death,. In addition the effect of HIV 1 infection on macrophage function is of significant interest.
Thermal ablation with radiofrequency  and microwave energies is becoming an increasingly important treatment for unresectable tumors of the liver, kidney, lung, and bone . Prior to use in patients, ablation device performance is typically predicted by computer modeling, or characterized with experiments in ex vivo and in vivo models . The expected size and shape of an ablation zone created by a given device is often based upon these experimental results and utilized to predict clinical performance during human application.
The level and localization of p53, often referred to as “the guardian of the genome”, is tightly regulated . Following DNA damage p53 is activated and translocates to the nucleus where it initiates sequence specific transcription of genes involved in cell cycle arrest or apoptosis . The critical role of p53 in maintaining homeostasis in normal cells is evidenced by the fact that over 50% of all human cancers harbor mutant p53 proteins .
Epidemiologic studies have established that depression and anxiety disorders are predictive of numerous health outcomes in later life, including risk of cardiovascular disease,  type 2 diabetes,  osteoporosis,  cognitive decline,  and mortality, particularly among those with established cardiovascular and metabolic disease. , The mechanisms underlying these associations remain largely unspecified. These physiologic systems are complex and interact with each other, and studies of biomarkers of these systems  are limited in their ability to index biological stress exposure organism wide and within cells.
Haloferax volcanii is a halophilic archaeon  commonly isolated from hypersaline environments such as the Dead Sea. volcanii maintains homeostasis by accumulating high concentrations of intracellular cations or counterions . This contrasts with the typical biological strategy in which cells accumulate organic solutes and pump salt ions out.
Recognition memory is supported by the medial temporal lobe , as damage to this brain region across species impairs performance on recognition memory tasks . Studies have consistently demonstrated a role for the perirhinal cortex in this type of memory ; however the role of the hippocampus has been subject to much debate. One potential reason for this discrepancy is that recognition memory has typically been thought of as a combination of two distinct processes, recollection and familiarity .
Effective fat suppression or separation is critical for diagnostic quality in body MRI and is commonly used to eliminate undesired adipose tissue signals or prevent chemical shift artifacts. These problems have been mitigated by using a 4D tailored spectral spatial fat sat pulse proposed in . That fat sat pulse is robust to B0/B1 inhomogeneity and more time efficient than the standard fat sat pulse .
Angiogenesis, the formation of new capillaries from the existing vasculature, is a process subject to exquisite regulation. Numerous pathological conditions are characterized by persistent, abnormal angiogenesis. To effectively prevent and treat ocular NV, a more thorough understanding of the cellular and molecular mechanisms involved in the angiogenic process is necessary .
Geographical, epidemiological and in vitro evidence support the hypothesis that Glucose 6 phosphate dehydrogenase  deficiency confers protection from disease caused by the Plasmodium falciparum parasite . This process releases toxic by products, inducing oxidative stress on the cell. The geographical distribution of these deficiency alleles closely reflects populations historically exposed to endemic malaria , .
Mechanical stimuli have long been recognized as an important factor in determining the structure and function of living cells and tissues. , For decades, physicians have been applying mechanical loads to living tissue in order to achieve beneficial therapeutic effects. In order to better understand these clinical effects, researchers have been studying the molecular and cellular responses to mechanical stimulation with increasing intensity.
Left ventricular noncompaction  is associated with heart failure and arrhythmias such as atrio ventricular  block and intraventricular conduction disturbance . Recently, we have demonstrated that genetic defects of the LIM domain binding protein 3  encoding Z band alternatively spliced PDZ motif protein  are associated with LVNC. In the study, we identified ZASP1 D117N mutation in two Caucasian males who suffer from systolic dysfunction, dilated left ventricle with hypertrabeculated myocardium, and IVCD.
Over the past two decades, the question of what factors govern agreement behavior has been a major focus of language production research. In large part, this interest is due to the observation that agreement is inconsistent in use, and to the discovery by Bock and colleagues  that it is relatively easy to elicit subject verb number agreement errors in the laboratory. Bock and colleagues developed a technique in which a participant hears a subject phrase containing a head noun and a subsequent noun  and is instructed to repeat this phrase and continue it however he or she sees fit.
Most patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma  present with locally advanced disease, and treatment for these patients involves palliative chemotherapy. However, the scarcity of data regarding the efficacy of further treatment leaves oncologists unsure how to proceed . Vinorelbine was studied in a phase II open label trial in 63 MPM patients previously treated with chemotherapy, which did not include pemetrexed, yielding a response rate of 16%.
Recent studies demonstrate a mechanistic link between reduced proximal neuromuscular control and increased risk for knee and anterior cruciate ligament  injuries in the women athletic population. In addition to the weak hip abductor status, a cross sectional laboratory controlled study found that individuals with PFPS exhibit increased hip adduction angles toward the end of prolonged treadmill running compared with anthro pometrically matched control individuals . Significant associations are found between increased hip adduction angles and elevated knee abduction angles and torques in women, but not in men population .
Autism is a behavioral syndrome defined by the presence of social deficits, abnormalities in communication, the presence of stereotyped, repetitive behaviors, and a characteristic course . Cognitive abilities may range from severe mental retardation to above average intelligence . Clinical heterogeneity is thought to be due to underlying etiologic heterogeneity.
Most of the molecules found in living systems are naturally prepared via the iterative assembly of a limited number of bifunctional building blocks . For example, proteins are usually derived from just 20 amino acids, and DNA and RNA are each made from only 4 nucleotides. In a similar vein, a recent analysis revealed that 75% of all mammalian oligosaccharides are comprised of just 36 monosaccharide units, and an increasingly general platform for automated oligosaccharide synthesis is broadening access to this class of biomolecules as well.
The Geant4 Application for Emission Tomography   is a suite of programs for generating and processing Monte Carlo simulations of PET and single photon imaging systems. GATE has been used for scanner design studies , investigations into the physics of emission  and investigations of the accuracy of coincidence generation policies in PET . It is an extremely valuable tool to the community, with this value being enhanced as it becomes increasingly validated.
Human immunodeficiency virus  infection severely impacts the immune system causing phenotypic changes in peripheral cells altering both innate and adaptive immune responses. The damaged GI tract permits the translocation of bacteria and bacterial products, including lipopolysaccharide , which is a major structural component of the outer wall of Gram negative bacteria and is elevated in HIV 1 infected subjects . Peripheral monocytes express surface markers CD14 and TLR 4, are mononuclear cells in blood that respond to LPS.
Astrocyte cultures derived from neonatal rodent or human fetal brains are readily available systems that have aided our understanding of astrocyte responses to various insults. Treatment of cultures with toll like receptor  ligands or cytokines has become a popular approach to investigate astrocyte neuroinflammatory responses and to simulate the neural environment in various CNS disorders. Glial innate immune activation is a mechanism that is elicited in virtually all CNS conditions whereby astrocytes and microglia play intricate roles in modulating neuronal function and fate.
Nature relies on chemistry to maintain liquid water for life at subfreezing temperatures. Analyses of core samples show the presence of viable life hundreds of feet below the ice surface. Samples of frozen tundra have yielded various Gram positive, Gram negative, and Archaea species.
Chronic and excessive alcohol intake is associated with increased oxidative stress , a decrease in antioxidant enzymes , and induction of the cytochrome P4502E1  enzyme . The absence of antioxidants has been shown to further promote alcohol induced oxidative stress, which could lead to an inflammatory state . Chronic alcohol intake also induces bacterial endotoxin , which is associated with activation of the nuclear factor κB inflammatory pathway, leading to the activation of several proinflammatory cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor α , and increased hepatic infiltration by inflammatory cells.
Topical microbicides are agents applied within the vagina or rectum to prevent the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases including Human Immunodeficiency Virus  infections. Tenofovir , a Food and Drug Administration  approved microbicide , has been proven to prevent HIV transmission through the vagina. TFV belongs to the class of anti retroviral drugs under the sub category of nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitors .
When transcribing through homopolymeric tracts, RNA polymerases  may perform pseudo templated transcription that results in the synthesis of RNAs whose sequences do not correspond to the encoding template. The mechanism of this phenomenon is unclear and has been attributed to “transcript slippage” . Aside from its significance with regard to the fidelity of gene expression, transcript slippage has also been implicated in termination of transcription at certain signals, as well as other regulatory roles, .
Severe tissue burns are the source of great distress for the subjects affected. On the one hand there is psychological downside of irreparable cosmetic problems due to the disruption of skin. On the other hand, the continuous suffering from inflammatory and neuropathic like pain that derive from the burned area  .
a novel method for Magnetic Resonance Angiography  was presented based on the off resonance properties of blood after the administration of gadolinium . Because of the contrast agent, a local magnetic susceptibility change is induced in the blood. Furthermore, there is the well known contrast enhanced T1 weighted MRA, typically with bolus injection of gadolinium based compounds.
Apoptosis  of neutrophils is an important control point in the physiological resolution of innate immune responses. Neutrophils are typically short lived cells that can engage a constitutive programme of apoptosis , leading to down regulation of neutrophil pro inflammatory functions and clearance by phagocytes . The potential for extracellular nucleotides, particularly adenosine 5′ triphosphate , to modulate neutrophil survival has not been investigated .
Type I collagen is the most abundant protein in human body and is highly expressed in skin, bone and tendon ; . Fibroproliferative disorders are characterized by excessive and persistent production of type I collagen in parenchimal organs and 45% of all deaths in the USA are attributable to fibroproliferative disorders . There is no cure for uncontrolled collagen synthesis and molecular details of its regulation are incomplete.
Alcohol use disorders have been demonstrated to have a substantial genetic component , with a positive family history having significant predictive value. Numerous lines of rodents have been selectively bred for divergent alcohol intake . Similar to the human literature, studies have shown that these opposite genetic predispositions can associate with highly different responses to alcohol in these lines of rodents , suggesting that these responses ‘genetically correlate’ with the alcohol consumption phenotype.
Stroke incidence and mortality rates are lower in premenopausal women relative to men of the same age, but the incidence of cerebrovascular events rapidly increases in women after menopause, and because women live longer, more women are affected by stroke than men . Changes in stroke risk and sensitivity in women after menopause have been linked to estrogen. Estrogen promotes vasodilation and exhibits vasoprotective properties .
Heart failure afflicts more than 5 million Americans, approximately half of whom have concomitant chronic kidney disease . Both of these diseases are increasing in prevalence,  and both elevate the risk of all cause death., The implantable cardioverter defibrillator  has a survival benefit in individuals with left ventricular dysfunction at risk for arrhythmic death;,  however, CKD is associated with an increased risk of non arrhythmic death. Further, patients with advanced CKD were underrepresented in the clinical trials establishing the efficacy and cost effectiveness of the ICD., , An association between CKD and death has been observed in the general population,  as well as among primary prevention ICD recipients., However, this relationship has been incompletely characterized in recipients of primary prevention ICDs.
As in other regions of the CNS, neuronal diversity in the retina originates from a common pseudostratified layer of mitotically active neuroepithelium. Retinogenesis is initiated with the first post mitotic cells emerging from retinal progenitor cells  in the central OC, and progresses towards the periphery. Most of the newly generated retinal cells appear to migrate vertically to their prospective layer.
Perinatal hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy  continues to be an important cause of cerebral palsy and neurodevelopmental delay and pediatric neurologists may be called upon to prognosticate in this clinical setting . Therapeutic hypothermia is now widely used in term neonates with moderate to severe [HIE as several large trials have shown that cooling within 6 hours lowers mortality and lessens major neurodevelopmental disability at 1824 months of age with a relative risk reduction of 0.76  . As in non cooled infants, perinatal MRI is widely used as a short term surrogate outcome measure, and as a biomarker of the treatment efficacy of cooling .
Sudden death in children is a relatively uncommon but devastating problem. There are few prospective population based studies and the annual incidence is poorly defined. Existing retrospective death certificate based studies suggest that the annual incidence of sudden death in US children ranges between 0.8  6.2 per 100,000 population .
Biological tissues rely on complex interactions between different cell types to function. Utilizing microfabrication and more recently, micropatterning, investigators have achieved defined co cultures by patterning biologically reactive molecules on the culture surface before cell plating. The limitation of these methods was that patterning was often irreversible for the duration of an experiment.
Bacterial infections of the urinary tract, caused predominantly by type 1 fimbriated uropathogenic E. coli , are the second most common human bacterial infection. Initial binding of UPEC to the urothelium is mediated by the FimH adhesin, a lectin that caps the tip of the fimbria and binds with high affinity to mannose glycans exposed on the apical surface of the bladder. These 16 nm particles are packed hexagonally into 2D crystalline arrays that form the urothelial plaques, and contribute to the extraordinary permeability barrier function of the mammalian urothelium.
Osteocytes, the most abundant cells in bone, are believed to serve as mechanical sensors and as modulators of other bone cells during bone adaptation and remodeling . Recent evidence suggests that osteocytes play more active roles in bone physiology through matrix maintenance and modification and the regulation of systemic phosphate metabolism . These interconnected osteocytes are encased within the lacunar canalicular pore system   where they may detect external mechanical loading in terms of substrate deformation, load induced fluid flow, pressure, as well as secondary signals such as streaming potentials and chemo transport  and subsequently transduce biochemical response signals to other osteocytes or effector cells either intracellularly via gap junctions  or extracellularly via the pericellular space .
It has been estimated that 28% of pregnant women attending antenatal clinics in South Africa are HIV positive . Infected women can pass the virus on to their baby during pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding, but programs for the prevention of mother to child transmission of HIV  have been proven effective if adhered to correctly . In 2001, a program was started in South Africa to provide PMTCT at antenatal care centers .
Melatonin  is an indoleamine involved in biochemical regulation of the circadian rhythms and other biological functions throughout the body . Melatonin is also synthesized in extrapineal sites that include retina, Harderian glands, gut, ovary, testes, bone marrow, lens and skin . In mammals, melatonin metabolic degradation occurs either directly at the site of production, or in the liver  proceeding through complex pathways.
Ensuring and improving the quality of nursing home  care is a primary concern of the federal and state governments, policy makers, and consumers . Currently, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid  maintain a website entitled “Nursing Home Compare” that publishes outcome measures derived from resident health assessments. These measures are designed to provide quality benchmarks to potential NH consumers and to inform their choice of facilities .
Breast cancer is the most common malignancy in women worldwide and is a leading cause of cancer related mortality . More than 1.2 million cases are diagnosed every year, affecting 1012% of the female population and accounting for 500,000 deaths per year worldwide . Previous studies reported that the incidence of tumor cells at or near the cut edge of the surgical specimen ranged from 5% to 82%, with the majority of studies indicating positive resection margins in 20% to 40% of patients after resection of the primary tumor .
Osteoarthritis  is a common debilitating joint pathology that is more prevalent in the elderly. The reported radiographic and symptomatic hip OA prevalence is 28% and 10% in subjects over age 45 . Hip osteoarthritis contributes significantly to the cost of osteoarthritis that is estimated to be over 185.5 billion dollars/year, due to its effects on ambulation and associated disability .
The purpose of this study is to determine if an earlier age at onset of positive symptoms in schizophrenia is associated with cannabis use disorders  . 49 first episode schizophrenia subjects with CUD were compared to 51 first episode schizophrenia subjects with no substance use disorders for demographic and clinical variables. A multivariate logistic regression was performed to determine the joint relationship between variables significantly associated with CUD on univariate testing and ascertain if these variables independently predict CUD.
The high mortality rate of prostate cancer  is closely associated with the spread of malignant cells to various tissues in the body including bone. Intriguingly, evidence suggests that chemokines are likely to play a crucial role in mediating the continuous series of events leading to tumor growth and metastasis . During the events in which PCa metastasizes to bone marrow, the cancer cells must first migrate out of the prostate, adhere to the endothelial marrow cells, and subsequently extravasate and proliferate in the extravascular marrow spaces.
Infections associated with open fractures and implanted prosthetic devices present a significant clinical and economical challenge in orthopaedic surgery. Current treatment options include long term intravenous antibiotic administration as the septic areas are frequently avascular with little access to parenteral antibiotic routes. Over the past decade, researchers have developed biodegradable polymeric scaffolds for use in bone infections made from poly acid, fibrin, chitosan, collagen, hydroxyapatite, and other polymeric carriers,,,.
Hyperpolarized 3He and 129Xe gas MR imaging of lung airspaces has developed rapidly during the past decade ), showing its potential to become an important diagnostic technique for clinical evaluation of lung diseases. A quantitative method for measuring local fractional ventilation  has also appeared . The local oxygen concentration and its decrease during breath hold have been determined  from the 3He T1.
Krüppel like factor 4  is a zinc finger containing transcription that is highly expressed in the terminally differentiated epithelial cells of the intestine . Studies also show that expression of KLF4 is reduced in colorectal neoplasia including carcinoma and adenoma relative to normal mucosa . Taken together, these studies are highly suggestive that KLF4 functions as a tumor suppressor in the intestinal epithelium .
Alzheimer's disease  is the leading cause of irreversible, progressive dementia. It is characterized by a gradual loss of memory and cognitive skills. Based on age of onset, the disease is divided into two subtypes, early onset AD and late onset AD.
Learning to produce vocalizations with speech like acoustics is an essential component of early spoken language learning . The social feedback loop is supported by experiments showing that when caregivers' responses are contingent on infant vocalizations being speech related  the result is more frequent speech related child vocalizations . Furthermore, when adults' contingent responses are vocal, children's future vocalizations acquire acoustic characteristics resembling the adults', such as more speech likeness, more vowel resonance, or better consonant vowel timing .
Dendrite structure determines the spatial extent and types of afferent input a neuron receives as well as the biophysical properties of the dendritic arbor . Establishment of dendritic arbor structure in vivo depends on both excitatory and inhibitory input activity , however, the role of inhibitory GABAergic synaptic transmission in regulating dendritic arbor development remains unclear, likely because GABA can act as a depolarizing or hyperpolarizing transmitter depending on the expression of chloride transporters and therefore internal chloride concentration in the postsynaptic neuron. Blocking inhibitory GABAergic transmission in preparations containing mature neurons also increases activity indirectly and increases process outgrowth .
Chromosomal microarray analysis  can be used to detect small deletions or duplications of genetic material not detectable by traditional karyotyping techniques . It has been recommended as a first tier test for evaluating children with developmental disabilities and multiple anomalies . Although less well studied, positive prenatal testing results can also cause health professionals to experience distress .
Most mothers and fathers value parenthood, are satisfied with their parental roles overall , and are more committed to parenting than to work . However, more than half of parents also report that parenting is more difficult than their jobs . Parenting stress  is stress that can be attributed to parental difficulty in managing parenting tasks, to the behavior of the child, or to dysfunctional interaction between child and parent .
  Bacteriophage T4  and E.coli B  were both purchased from American Type Culture Collection. E. coli B cells in suspension were grown in a defined medium, a modification of M9 at pH 7.2, which contained the following on a per liter basis: 7.5 g of Na2HPO4·2H2O, 3 g of KH2PO4, 0.5 g of NaCl, 1 g of NH4Cl, 5 g of D glucose, 11.5 µg of ZnSO4·7H2O, 19.5 µg of Na2MoSO4, 22.5 µg of CuSO4·5H2O, 13.5 µg of MnSO4· H2O, 19 µg of CoCl2·6H2O, 1 mg of Thiamine HCl, 1mM of MgSO4, 100 µM of CaCl2 and 10 µM of FeCl2 . The initial infection was at a multiplicity of infection  equal to 3 followed by the superinfection at the same MOI ten minutes later.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is the most common form of motor neuron disease in adults . Some of these types of mutations cause early terminations to C terminally truncate the protein. How mutations in SOD1 cause motor neuron death remains uncertain, but several mechanisms have been proposed to explain the gain of toxic property .
Young children with autism have significant social communication delays in symbolic play and joint attention. Furthermore, both symbolic play and joint attention are significantly associated with later social , cognitive  and communication development  . Compared to MA matched children with and without intellectual disabilities, children with autism have specific deficits in initiating and responding to joint attention .
Recent advances in functional MRI have enabled the visualization of brain responses evoked by itch stimulation. The highly charged emotional aspect of itch translates into the activation of deep seated areas of the cingulate cortex, amygdala and hippocampus, situated along the Papez circuit . Itch is a primary sensation that is not easily suppressible, which explains why many forms of itch, and chronic pruritus in particular, remain a clinical challenge.
Cancer is a Genetic Disease Caused by activating mutations in oncogenes and inactivating mutations in tumor suppressor genes. As such, it is an important challenge for cancer small molecule drug discovery to develop methods making it possible to identify compounds that selectively target cells with mutations in tumor suppressor genes., The most common strategy for meeting this challenge is to identify and inhibit a downstream gain of function. However, there are two difficulties with this approach.
Antimicrobial peptides are crucial components of the innate immune system that protects against microbial infection . Their role is particularly important in the skin where they play an important role in first line defense against infection . In the keratinocyte, cathelicidins and β defensins are major families of antimicrobial peptides .
Prion diseases are fatal neurodegenerative disorders of humans and animals that uniquely present as sporadic, genetic, or infectious maladies . These diseases are caused by prions, which are formed from the conformational conversion of a ubiquitous and noninfectious isoform of the prion protein  to disease associated and infectious isoforms . Prions are unprecedented pathogens because nucleic acids are not involved in their replication .
Bacterial survival in an environment containing fungi and heavy metal ions depends on plasmids   extra chromosomal DNA molecules capable of replicating independently of the host genome. High copy number plasmids are separated randomly in bacteria, while low copy number plasmids require an active mechanism of segregation to preserve the maintenance of plasmids in daughter cells following division. Most of our knowledge about plasmid DNA partitioning comes from studies on the large low copy number plasmid R1 .
High throughput experiments have transformed biology and we have reached a time where it is possible to develop comprehensive models of entire biological systems. One example is a mathematical model of the minimal bacterium Mycoplasma genitalium  that integrates genomic, proteomic, and metabolomic data into a fully connected metabolic reaction network. This parameterized model predicts metabolic fluxes under different conditions in agreement with experiments.
The growth in the number and proportion of older adults in the United States is unprecedented—it is estimated that adults aged 65 years and older will account for roughly 20% of the U.S. population by 2030. Moreover, the number of Americans diagnosed with dementia is projected to more than double over the same time span . The most commonly used indices of white matter integrity derived from DTI are fractional anisotropy  and mean diffusivity .
Papillomaviruses  contain circular double stranded DNA genomes of approximately 8000 base pairs. The cumulative risk for women to be diagnosed with cervical cancer up to age 65 is about 1.5% and 0.8% in developing and developed countries, respectively  . In addition to its transcriptional roles, E2 directly interacts with E1 and is involved in E1 dependent viral DNA replication and genome maintenance .
The incidence of thyroid cancer, the most common endocrine cancer, varies widely by geographic area and ethnicity . Such variation may reflect differences in genetic background, environmental factors, and access to health care . Few risk factors for thyroid cancer have been identified apart from female sex , ionizing radiation in childhood , benign thyroid conditions , obesity , smoking and alcohol consumption .
The past few decades have seen an explosion in the analysis of the components of the meiotic spindle, and clarifying contributions to spindle dynamics of microtubules, molecular motors , chromosomes and other regulatory proteins  . Seminal work provided quantitative analysis of forces that act on chromosomes during cell division in intact grasshopper spermatocytes. The effects of changes in pressure and temperature have revealed the dynamicity of the metaphase spindle and also provided certain thermodynamic parameters.
The development of cancer involves the accumulation of various genetic alterations, which are present in both the mitochondrial and nuclear genomes. Mitochondria play a critical role in energy production and oxidative phosphorylation . Defects in mitochondrial function are suspected to contribute to the development and progression of cancer .
In the last few years, mutations in genes coding for transducers participating in the RAS mitogen activated protein kinase  signaling pathway have been identified as the molecular cause underlying a group of clinically related developmental disorders with features including reduced postnatal growth, facial dysmorphia, cardiac defects, ectodermal anomalies, variable cognitive deficits and susceptibility to certain malignancies . Noonan syndrome , which is the most common condition among these Mendelian traits, has been demonstrated to be caused by heterozygous germline mutations in the PTPN11 , SOS1 , KRAS , RAF1 , and MEK1  genes in approximately 65% of affected individuals . SHP2 , SOS1, RAF1, and MEK1 positively contribute to RAS MAPK signal traffic, and possess complex autoinhibitory mechanisms that can be impaired by mutations .
Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders  describes a wide array of neurological defects and morphological malformations associated with ethanol teratogenicity . Amniote model systems have been used by numerous labs to study various aspects of FASD. Consistent with what is found in early exposure in humans, particularly during gastrulation, binge levels of alcohol cause profound teratogenesis.
Spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy  or Kennedy’s Disease is an x linked disorder associated with degeneration of the anterior horn motor neurons and dorsal root ganglion cells. Motor unit number estimation  has been found to be useful in monitoring motor neuron degeneration in clinical trials in ALS and may be more sensitive in detecting change than motor strength. However, several limitations of the statistical MUNE method were noted in clinical trials of ALS.
In recent years, intervention evaluation research has emphasized the need to evaluate the extent to which programs have been implemented as intended . This expectation suggests that programs implemented at a higher level of integrity will produce the strongest and most consistent findings . Monitoring how programs are carried out can also provide insight as to components that are critical to intervention success  and the feasibility of implementing the intervention .
Early developmental exposure to ethanol has been extensively linked to a variety of abnormalities in both human and non human subjects. These abnormalities comprise various classes of disorders, such as fetal alcohol syndrome or alcohol related neurobehavioral deficits . Recently, animal models of binge like ethanol exposure have offered significant contributions to the understanding of specific deficits and abnormalities observed during early development, such as the discovery of toxic dose ranges as well as temporal windows associated with heightened susceptibility to ethanol teratogenicity .
The incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma  has been dramatically increasing over the last 30 years in several regions in North America, Europe, and Oceania. While incidence of EAC is increasing in both genders and all ethnic groups, it is most pronounced in Caucasian males. Specifically, EAC incidence has increased 350% since the 1970s in Caucasian men in the USA, which currently results in approximately 10 000 deaths per year.
Since production began in the 1930's an estimated 1.5 million tons of polychlorinated biphenyls  have been manufactured . PCBs are one the most persistent organic pollutants in the environment today . They are consistently included in the top 10 most toxic compounds on the United States Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry  list of priority pollutants .
Normal cerebellar development requires the correct balance between the early proliferation of granule neuron progenitors  and their subsequent post mitotic differentiation and migration to their final location within the mature organ. At birth  day 0), the EGL is composed of a single layer of GNPs overlaying Purkinje cells that secrete the mitogen Sonic hedgehog . GNPs expressing the Shh receptor Patched1  are stimulated to undergo cell division, resulting in the rapid expansion of the EGL with maximum proliferation occurring at P5.
The government should try hard to reach boys before they reach puberty, and have seminars for them when they are very young… There is a Swahili saying ‘Bend a fish when the fish is not yet dry’  it is too late later. The training for those in puberty is already too late . However, there is a need to focus greater attention on the sexual beliefs, expectations and behaviors of younger adolescent boys.
Repeated administration of opioids such as morphine results in the development of tolerance and physical dependence. Drugs that modulate the CB1 cannabinoid or N Methyl d Aspartate  glutamate receptor systems can modulate the development of morphine tolerance and dependence. For example, chronic cannabinoid administration attenuates morphine antinociceptive tolerance and reduces naloxone precipitated withdrawal in morphine dependent rodents .
Modification with ethylene glycol oligomers is a commonly used method to improve the biocompatibility and retention of biomaterials in living systems. In addition, tissue specific delivery agents offer precise delivery of therapeutic payloads, guided by targeting groups such as folate,, antibodies, peptides, or carbohydrates. , Many researchers have sought means of combining both types of functional groups to achieve combined biocompatibility and targeting.
Glycosaminoglycans  are linear, negatively charged polysaccharides composed of a variable number of repeating disaccharide units. Based on the structure of their repeating disaccharides, GAGs can be classified into four families, hyaluronan , chondroitin sulfates , heparan sulfate , and keratan sulfate . HA, the simplest GAG, contains neither sulfo groups nor is it attached to a core protein and has the structure →3) β GlcNAc  β GlcA .
Salmonella enterica are facultative, intracellular, gram negative enterobacteria that cause a range of enteric diseases in mammalian hosts. The human restricted serovars Salmonella enterica Typhi and Paratyphi are the causal agents of Typhoid fever, affecting more than 27 million people worldwide and resulting in greater than 200 000 deaths each year through contaminated food and drinking water . Our ENU screen has previously identified a loss of function mutation within the gene ubiquitin specific peptidase 18 , which confers increased susceptibility to Salmonella Typhimurium .
Over the past several years, we have performed numerous studies of whole body and organ glucose metabolism with 18F labeled 2 fluoro 2 deoxy D Glucose  in rodent models  of burn injury. Among the most common and striking findings of these studies, were alterations of glucose metabolism in the brain and heart . However, when the raw uptake data from these studies were corrected for glucose levels, the finding of reduced CNS metabolism persisted.
The global mortality rate among infants and children of less than 5 years of age has declined significantly in recent years. However, the neonatal mortality rate still remains high as a result of inadequate healthcare facilities in developing countries. Currently, cotrimoxazole  is used, in developing countries, to treat pneumonia and sepsis in neonates by home based healthcare providers .
Lipids and their metabolites play a vital role in a variety of biological processes including cellcell adhesion, storage of energy, cell signaling, localization of membrane proteins and enzymatic modulation as cofactors. Various classes of lipids have characteristic distributions in different tissues, cell membranes and organelles. It is routinely used in synthetic labs and it can be used to perform the separation of many samples in parallel.
In December of 2009, when the H1N1 influenza pandemic appeared to be subsiding, public health officials and unvaccinated individuals faced the question of whether continued H1N1 immunization was still worthwhile. The limited time between the Northern Hemisphere's first "epidemic wave" in the spring of 2009 and the second epidemic wave in SeptemberDecember 2009 left little time to surmount developmental, regulatory, and logistic hurdles involved in bringing the vaccine from its conception to the population. First, public health agencies were diverting staff and other resources to vaccination clinics, and these were resources unavailable for other programs and priorities.
The heat shock response is an evolutionarily conserved, primitive endogenous cellular defense mechanism characterized by the rapid intracellular expression of a class of proteins collectively known as heat shock proteins . The structure, mode of regulation, and function of Hsps are highly conserved among different species, and Hsps have been identified in virtually all eukaryotic and prokaryotic species examined to date . Heat shock proteins are generally thought to maintain cellular homeostasis by acting as molecular chaperones, facilitating the proper folding and assembly of nascent polypeptides, and assisting in the refolding and stabilization of damaged peptides, although until relatively recently, Hsps were considered to be exclusively intracellular proteins .
In people living with HIV/AIDS , disclosure of HIV positive status is positively associated with increased access to key support networks, improvements in mental health, and earlier initiation and better adherence to anti retroviral therapy  . Beyond early treatment initiation, disclosure of HIV positive status specifically to a sexual partner may have independent HIV prevention benefits, allowing couples to make informed decisions concerning their HIV prevention and reproductive health requirements . Moreover, the adoption and therefore success of many current and anticipated preventive measures including voluntary medical male circumcision , pre exposure prophylaxis , and treatment as prevention  may depend largely on couples discovering HIV sero discordancy via mutual disclosure .
Dehydration and hyperosmolarity, or osmotic stress, remain major challenges to land organisms because they evolved from the isotonic environment of the sea . Mammalian cells, such as those in the renal medulla that are continuously exposed to high concentrations of osmolytes, also use a multiprotein osmosensing complex that involves Rho type small G proteins and p38 MAPK . Further, some pathologic conditions are accompanied by extracellular  hyperosmolarity and immunologic deficits.
The epidermal growth factor receptor  family plays a key role in normal development and oncogenesis . The role of the resulting vascular changes is highlighted by perpetual angiogenic remodeling of tumor blood vessels and vascular dependent tumor growth—now an attractive therapeutic target , perivascular nesting of cancer stem cells , activation of the coagulation system , and metastasis. TF is a transmembrane protein that interacts with coagulation factor VIIa , whereby it initiates blood coagulation .
Oral cancer, predominantly oral squamous cell carcinoma , is a high impact disease in the oral cavity, affecting more than 34 000 people in the United States each year . Presently, surgery and radiotherapy are the primary treatments, but because of the location of OSCC in the head and neck; this usually results in postoperative defects and functional impairments in patients . These potential disease markers, if successfully developed, can lead to simple clinical tools for early detection and the monitoring of disease prognosis and treatment in saliva, a non invasive body fluid  .
Selecting the best course of action requires a consideration of multiple decision variables, in particular the magnitude of the action’s payoff, its probability of success, and the costs in terms of time and effort . We have shown that single neurons in the anterior cingulate cortex , lateral prefrontal cortex  and orbitofrontal cortex  encode the predicted value of choices based on these three decision variables . Moreover, damage to either OFC or ACC impairs the ability to utilize the value of an outcome to guide future decisions  .
During the inflammatory response leukocytes migrate out of the bloodstream by squeezing between tightly apposed endothelial cells of postcapillary venules at the site of inflammation. The process of diapedesis in which the leukocyte actually moves across the endothelial monolayer also involves adhesion and signaling events between the leukocyte and endothelial cell . There are a number of endothelial molecules concentrated at the cell border whose blockade by antibody, knockdown, or genetic ablation has been shown to inhibit diapedesis.
Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death in the United States, and the development of almost 90% of lung cancer cases is attributable to tobacco smoking. recently proposed a biopsychosocial model in which racial/ethnic differences in psychosocial factors, environmental variables, and the prevalence of modifiable risk factors are hypothesized to contribute to tobacco related health disparities. reported that the majority of AA men and women who either smoked or were obese had at least one additional modifiable risk factor.
Clinical studies have shown that transmural variation in the contractile function of human myocardium may influence clinical end points . followed 840 patients for 3,914 patient years and showed that shortening of the middle transmural region of the left ventricular free wall is a better predictor of cardiovascular morbidity than the shortening of other regions, or ejection fraction. However, the mechanisms that underlie these results, which may include transmural variation in cellular and molecular properties, are not well understood .
The helminth parasite Opisthorchis viverrini is an important food borne pathogen of humans. The disease caused by this parasite, opisthorchiasis or liver fluke disease, is endemic to mainland Southeast Asia, predominantly Northeast Thailand, Laos, Cambodia and central Vietnam where at least 79.8 million people live at risk of infection . The most serious symptoms, however, are cholangitis, cholecystitis and the development of bile duct cancer  .
Gene expression is a sophisticated, finely tuned process that involves the regulated interactions of multiple proteins with promoter and enhancer elements. A variety of approaches are currently used in the study of these interactions, including phage display and yeast based assays, as well as other biophysical and biochemical methods . In many cases, protein protein and protein DNA interactions are intertwined in vivo: DNA binding proteins are often modulated by the recruitment of accessory proteins that cannot bind DNA directly but rather serve to repress or coactivate transcription through the formation of transcriptional complexes .
Secondary results from two previous clinical trials  suggested that selenium or vitamin E supplementation could reduce prostate cancer incidence. The multi center Selenium and Vitamin E Cancer Prevention Trial  was initiated in 2001 to directly test the efficacy of these agents in preventing prostate cancer . Recent studies suggest that NKX3.1 is a genetic risk factor for prostate cancer development that in animal models may also modulate the response to antioxidant supplementation .
Fungal infections are a serious threat to many patient populations, particularly the immuno compromised . Infection of medical devices can necessitate their removal. Furthermore, systemically delivered antifungal drugs can have severe and potentially lethal side effects .
Noncardiac chest pain  or functional chest pain  is characterized by recurrent, often debilitating chest pain with no clear etiology. This problem is further compounded by significant effects on the quality of life and consumption of significant amounts of health care resources. The exact mechanism for chest pain is unclear, but several factors have been proposed.
In an effort to develop environmentally responsible methods of mosquito control, researchers have been evaluating microbiological control strategies involving mainly Bacillus thuringiensis subspecies israelensis or B. sphaericus. Both bacterial species produce insecticidal inclusions. Consequently, the Cry11Ba toxin provides an alternative to toxins used in current control programs thereby addressing risk of potential mosquito resistance development to B. thuringiensis subspecies israelensis or B. sphaericus toxins .
Oncolytic virus  therapy is an innovative anticancer approach utilizing replication competent viruses that preferentially infect and kill cancer cells . While wild type  VSV cannot be utilized as an OV due to its unacceptable neurotoxicity, numerous VSV based recombinants with significantly decreased neurotoxicity and improved oncoselectivity have been generated . Pancreatic cancer is one of the most lethal abdominal malignancies with annual deaths closely matching the annual incidence of the disease .
The HIV 1 Gag protein is one of the most functionally and structurally constrained proteins of HIV 1, and is a robust inducer of potent virus specific immune responses. The MHC class I HLA alleles can affect the progression of HIV disease . HIV infected subjects expressing HLA B*57 or  B*5801 have better clinical prognoses than HLA B*57/5801 negative individuals , which is likely due to efficient processing and presentation of viral epitopes to virus specific CD8+ T cells.
Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer related deaths for both men and women in the USA, with 5 year survival rates less than 15%. Such integrated diagnostic and therapeutic designs allow for the timely tailoring of nano medicine modules to address the challenges of tumor heterogeneity and adaptive resistance, which can ultimately help achieve the goal of personalized therapy for lung cancer . Polymeric micelles are composed of amphiphilic block copolymers that contain distinguished hydrophobic and hydrophilic segments.
Temporal lobe epilepsy  is a common neurological condition affecting approximately 1% of human population. It is associated with characteristic changes in neuronal circuitry, which render the brain more susceptible to seizure generation . Mossy fibers of the granule cells sprout into the inner molecular layer of the dentate gyrus where they form excitatory synapses with the other granule cells, resulting in a recurrent excitatory circuit associated with TLE  .
Genomic and proteomic studies have established that cancer is a systems biology disease that involves a large number of genes spanning multiple signaling pathways as shown in lung, pancreatic, breast, brain and colorectal cancers. It is characterized by poor prognosis and aggressive behavior. First line treatment options for the majority of patients include chemotherapeutics that cause significant side effects.
Community associated methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus  pose a significant threat to human health, and infection can manifest as a variety of diseases, including pneumonia, necrotizing skin infections, endocarditis, arthritis, and sepsis . Human polymorphonuclear leukocytes  are the first responders in most bacterial infections, including those due to S. aureus . In general, PMN readily phagocytose bacteria and use a variety of agents stored in granules and PMN generated HOCl to kill ingested microbes .
Individuals with hypertension often elicit exaggerated cardiovascular, hormonal, and behavioral responses to stress . In humans, feelings of anxiety or fear have been associated with activation of the amygdala. Autonomic and emotional responses to stressful situations have been reported to be attenuated in individuals with lesions of the amygdala .
There has been increasing evidence that high insulin levels increase the risk of breast cancer recurrence and death . Specifically, several recent observational studies have suggested that women who participate in 23 hr/wk of moderate intensity aerobic exercise, such as brisk walking, after a diagnosis of breast cancer have a 4067% reduced risk of death . Thus, therapies to reduce insulin levels in breast cancer survivors could dramatically decrease breast cancer related deaths.
Angiotensin II  is a major component of the mechanisms regulating cardiovascular homeostasis by maintaining vascular tone and salt and water balance . Ang II also activates cytosolic phospholipase A2 and releases arachidonic acid  from phospholipids . AA is metabolized by cyclooxygenase into prostaglandins and thromboxane A2, by lipoxygenase into 5 , 12 , and 15 hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acids , by cytochrome P450  ω hydroxylase into 20 HETE, and by epoxygenase into epoxyeicosatrienoic acids  .
In nature, fatty acids must be activated before they can be assimilated into various metabolic pathways. The universal mechanism of n fatty acid activation involves conversion of fatty acids to their corresponding coenzyme A  derivatives by a family of omnipresent fatty acyl CoA ligases . Mtb is the causative agent of tuberculosis  in humans.
Animals achieve behavioral goals by decomposing complex tasks into a sequence of steps and resolving each step by the systematic application of behavioral strategies. In the case of navigational behavior, the task is to translocate to preferred surroundings. Navigational strategies allow the animal to assess its own position relative to preferred locations and to calculate movement decisions in a way that carries the animal towards its navigational goals .
Alcohol impaired driving and resultant motor vehicle crashes are a major public health problem in the U.S., resulting in 13,000 preventable deaths annually . College students are an important population to target for several reasons. National data on motor vehicle crashes indicate that alcohol involvement is especially prevalent in drivers under 35 years of age .
The ribosomal tunnel has a length of ~100Å from the peptidyl transferase center  to the exit site and an average diameter of ~15Å. This tunnel hosts protein synthesis and participates in folding the nascent peptide. Moreover, this participation by the tunnel is differentially specified along the 100 Å length of the tunnel.
Differences in type of occupation may create disparities in health between sexes in Mexico, since, type of labor force activity is associated with physical and mental health risks in other countries . This study makes use of the Mexican Health and Aging Survey  to examine the relationship between labor force participation and gender differences in health the prevalence of arthritis, diabetes, and hypertension . The Mexican Health and Aging Survey  is a nationally representative panel survey of subjects and their spouses in Mexico in 2001 .
AA amyloidosis results from the aggregation and deposition of serum amyloid A  protein, as fibrils, in peripheral organs leading to dysfunction and death. In humans, the inflammation can be due to sporadic episodes of Familial Mediterranean Fever or ongoing such as in rheumatoid arthritis. It has been shown that macrophages are involved in SAA processing and deposition  and that cell surface expressed heparan sulfate proteoglycans play a critical role in amyloidogenesis through binding of HDL associated SAA .
The prognosis of patients with glioblastoma , the most common primary brain tumor, remains dismal despite aggressive treatment. The high proliferative rate, intense invasiveness, and presence of the bloodbrain barrier , which limits the penetration of large molecules into the central nervous system , all contribute to poor GBM response to conventional therapies . The interaction between these proteins promotes neuroprotection , neuronal survival , neuritogenesis , memory formation and consolidation , astrocytic survival and differentiation .
Premature infants are at increased risk for abnormal long term neurodevelopmental outcome. It is well accepted that exposure of immature brain to adverse events that lead to brain developmental disruption or injury during the critical period of perinatal brain development is primarily responsible for abnormal long term development. The ABR waveform in premature infants at 35 weeks post menstrual age is comprised of 3 waves .
The human brain has a remarkable ability to efficiently recognize faces. Behavioral studies have shown that picture stimuli containing the faces of living things, compared to those with other non face objects, more rapidly attract gazes from healthy participants, including infants  and adults . Among the most investigated features of human face recognition is its selectivity to upright orientation .
The CNS is a favored site for persistence of viruses and other pathogens because T cell surveillance is less effective than in other organs. Neurotropic strains of mouse hepatitis virus , such as JHMV, cause localized infections in the CNS with clinical and pathological manifestations of acute and chronic demyelinating encephalomyelitis. J2.2 V 1 RNA but not infectious virus can be detected in the CNS for up to two years post infection  .
Although there is controversy over whether screening with computed tomography  may reduce lung cancer mortality , there is little doubt that thin slice multi detector row CT  allows the detection of more lung nodules, often of smaller size, than both thicker section CT examinations and chest radiographic images . Fatigue caused by the increased workload of reviewing more images per examination, combined with pressures to be time efficient, may result in false negatives . Computer aided detection  may help reduce false negatives at a lower cost than double reading by a second radiologist .
Phytochemicals, microbial metabolites, and other natural products and their synthetic analogs have been extensively used for drug development and treatment of various diseases including cancer . Curcumin  is a polyphenolic natural product and the active component of tumeric  which is used in cooking and in traditional medicines . Curcumin has been extensively investigated as an anticancer drug in various cancer cells and laboratory animal models.
A common feature of aging related diseases, such as osteoarthritis , is the progressive accumulation of damaged macromolecules leading to cell dysfunction and death. In tissues with a high rate of cell turnover, cellular constituents are continuously renewed. However, cartilage is a post mitotic tissue with a very low, barely detectable rate of cell replication .
The presence of amyloid beta  plaques and neurofibrillary tangles  comprised of hyperphosphorylated tau in Alzheimer’s Disease  pathology has resulted in numerous studies designed to elucidate their role and potential interaction. Multiple reports indicate that Aβ pathology precedes the accumulation of hyperphosphrylated tau in AD, leading to the focus on Aβ as a key target for treatment. , However, it has also been shown that reduced expression of tau results in decreased Aβ neuro  and excitotoxicity.
Ultrashort echo time  imaging allows detection of tissues with T2 relaxation times in the sub millisecond range. The minimum echo time in UTE imaging is limited only by the hardware transmit/receive switching times, which are generally about 100 µs, but can be as short as 8 µs . Slice selective UTE imaging generally uses a half sinc RF excitation pulse with 2D radial sampling .
Cognitive decline is known to occur in humans with aging, including changes in memory , attention , and information processing speed . Working memory is a process that allows for temporary storage and on line manipulation of information . Studies of the effects of HRT  on working memory in post menopausal women have yielded variable and conflicting results.
Obesity has developed into a global epidemic, and its prevalence among women has been reported as being consistently higher than in men . The treatments and interventions currently in use have failed to provide successful long term solutions, leading to an increasing number of obese individuals, with consequent health related complications . Females seem to deal more successfully with energy deficits because they defend their body weight in a more efficient manner than males .
Objective quantification of technical surgical skill in surgery remains poorly defined although delivery of and training in these skills is essential to the surgical profession. Attempts to measure hand kinematics to quantify surgical performance primarily rely on electromagnetic sensors attached to the surgeon’s hand or instrument. We sought to determine whether similar motion analysis could be performed using a marker less video based review, allowing for a scalable approach to performance evaluation .
Many weight loss programs are successful in helping people achieve weight loss ; however, maintenance of weight loss is challenging . found that the longer participants are in treatment, the longer they will comply with weight loss behaviors. Research suggests that strategies for weight loss maintenance differ from strategies for initial weight loss .
Standard of care for women with advanced stage ovarian cancer involves primary cytoreductive surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy with a platinum based agent, often regarded as the most active component, and a taxane . Whilst response rates to first line treatment are high, 20 25% of cases relapse during or soon after the cessation of primary therapy . However, most mechanistic studies on platinum resistance have been performed using in vitro cell models and few have been shown to be relevant in the clinical setting  .
The prevalence of asthma, a chronic inflammatory disease of the airways characterized by wheezing, shortness of breath, chest tightness, and coughing , has steadily increased since the 1970s . Asthma pathogenesis arises from a complex interplay of genetic predisposition and environmental exposure . Observational epidemiologic studies have suggested that endogenous and exogenous estrogen may contribute to the pathogenesis and severity of asthma ; asthma prevalence among adults is higher in women than in men , and peaks in estrogen and progesterone corresponding to the ovulation cycle have been associated with worsened asthma symptoms .
Deficits in cognitive processes necessary for organization, inhibition, sustained attention, and planning and executing goal directed tasks, often referred to as executive functions, are a known cognitive comorbidity in children with epilepsy. These discrete cognitive skill impairments interfere with performance of complex tasks such as planning, and consequently, may pose a greater threat to a child’s overall function than seizures themselves . In light of growing awareness of executive dysfunction in children with epilepsy, we aimed to provide a new approach to investigating its underlying neuroanatomic causes and conceptual models of cognitive remediation.
Activated protein C  is a trypsin like vitamin K dependent serine protease in plasma that down regulates thrombin generation by degrading the procoagulant cofactors Va and VIIIa by limited proteolysis . The anticoagulant activity of APC is markedly improved by the cofactor function of protein S . In addition to its well studied anticoagulant effect, APC also elicits potent cytoprotective and antiinflammatory responses in endothelial cells .
The corpus callosum  is the largest fiber tract in the nervous system, connecting homotopic cortical regions in the two cerebral hemispheres. In addition, the standard deviation of individual measurements is comparable to the differences between groups and the number of individuals in the groups studied have been relatively small , and these studies have been cross sectional rather than scanning the same individuals at multiple times. Currently attempts are being made to use many different markers  to describe an individual's condition and prognosis  .
An abundance of information about existing and emerging health care interventions is readily available, posing challenges for clinicians, patients and researchers to determine the best available treatment at a given time. Among methods for assessing the comparative effectiveness of health care interventions, systematic reviews are an important tool for enhancing the ability of health care professionals to interpret and apply research evidence in a timely manner. , Meta analysis  the statistical analysis of the results from multiple independent studies  is a useful method for increasing statistical power and the precision of the estimate of treatment effect.
The cardiac progenitors that give rise to the outflow tract, right ventricle, and portions of the atria are distinct from the progenitors that form the left ventricle . The linear heart tube forms from the classical cardiac crescent, also referred to as the first heart field , and the existence of an extra cardiac population of progenitor that contributes to the outflow tract and right ventricle provides an embryological explanation for the longstanding observations that many genes and transgenes exhibit regionally restricted expression within the heart along these boundaries  . Isl1 expression is detected very early at the cardiac crescent stage, contiguous with, but medial and dorsal to MLC2a positive cells of the FHF .
Using checklists of behavior and emotional problems, substantially elevated levels of psychopathology have been reported in studies of children and adolescents with ID . Seven percent of the total sample had coexisting anxiety and disruptive diagnoses, 0.4% had comorbid anxiety and mood disorders, 0.8% had a comorbid mood and disruptive disorder, and 2.3% met criteria for a diagnosis in each of these groupings. Significant relationships have been reported between conduct / oppositional disorders and ADHD, anxiety / mood disorders, and substance use disorders .
Glucagon like peptide 1  is a member of the pro glucagon family of incretin peptides, implicated in the control of appetite and satiety. These agents have been shown to have significant clinical efficacy in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus ,,. Acute infusions of GLP 1 were associated with enhanced recovery following brief ischemic insults in conscious dogs and in intact and isolated rat hearts,.
Oocyte maturation defines a cellular differentiation period that prepares the immature oocyte for egg activation at fertilization. These include the block to polyspermy and the completion of meiosis and transition into embryonic mitosis in vertebrates. Ca2+ channels and transporters underlie and define the spatial and temporal dynamics of the Ca2+ signal in eggs.
Melatonin,  a derivative of serotonin , is a neurohormone that is primarily produced by the pineal gland. It has been implicated in the control of the wake sleep cycle  and also motility of the gastrointestinal tract . Recently, evidence has been mounting to support the role of melatonin in pain regulation .
Aggregate measures of the burden of disease are routinely used to describe the health of populations, establish public health goals, and evaluate allocation of health care resources . Disease incidence, prevalence, and mortality, as well as economic measures, such as the cost of medical care are commonly used to quantify the aggregate burden of disease . In particular, aggregate measures of the economic burden of disease are often reported for a specific calendar year, and are based on the cost of medical care in that year to all individuals diagnosed with or living with that disease.
Mental retardation  is the most common developmental disability, affecting intellectual and adaptive functions in approximately 1−3% of the population. Yet, the underlying cause of MR is established in less than half the cases. , The finding of MR among almost all patients with autosomal microdeletions and the association of MR with submicroscopic alterations in the subtelomeric region of the autosomes indicates the ubiquitous distribution of autosomal genes that influence intelligence.
Composite biological endpoints are increasingly being used in clinical trials. Composite endpoints have been used to demonstrate the efficacy of an experimental intervention, but the way composite endpoints are designed and interpreted has not been evaluated . That strategy can maximize the opportunity to have an outcome for every participant, as well as a single primary outcome for the trial even when there are missing data or individuals have entered the trial with incurable STIs  infections).
Understanding the molecular basis of complex traits is a major challenge in modern Genetics. The genes, and even the specific polymorphisms, that underlie QTL are now being identified. Despite this challenge, most methods for the analysis of quantitative traits do not incorporate information about the types of genes and alleles under study.
Despite marked reductions in HIV related mortality since the introduction of highly active antiretroviral therapy  , mortality in HIV infected persons remains higher than in the general population . We previously reported that HIV infection was associated with 3 fold higher odds of death even after controlling for demographic and traditional cardiovascular disease  risk factors . Whether inflammation  contributes to death in HIV infected individuals, beyond demographic and CVD risk factors, is the topic of current investigation .
Emphysema is a common and debilitating lung disease characterized by alveolar airspace enlargement and loss of alveolar capillary septa. Currently, there is no specific treatment available to reverse emphysema due to insufficient understanding of the disease pathogenesis. However, the mechanism underlying cigarette smoke  induced lung EC apoptosis is not well defined.
The presentation of antigenic peptides to T lymphocytes by major histocompatibility complex  molecules is essential for recognition and killing of infected and malignant cells. Assembly of MHC class I heavy chain with antigenic peptide and with the MHC class I light chain, beta 2 microglobulin  occurs in the endoplasmic reticulum . A protein not restricted to the ER that associates with the MHC class I molecule is amyloid precursor like protein 2  .
The cholinergic system and muscarinic acetylcholine receptors  have an important function in the regulation of pain transmission at the spinal cord level. For example, blocking spinal mAChRs with atropine causes a large increase in pain sensitivity . Molecular cloning studies have revealed five molecularly distinct mAChRs referred to as M1 M5 .
Knowledge regarding the genetic basis of age related macular degeneration  has advanced significantly in the past few years. However, the clinical applications of our ability to identify genetic predisposition to AMD has yet to be clarified . Several groups have evaluated the associations of specific genotypes with clinical features in AMD.
Human immunodeficiency virus Type I  infection is initiated by fusion of the viral membrane with that of the target cell and is mediated by the viral envelope glycoprotein . The gp160 precursor is co translationally glycosylated and, following transport to the trans Golgi network, is cleaved into the mature products by a member of the furin family of endoproteases . The V1V2 region also influences HIV 1 cellular tropism, probably via an interaction with regions of the V3 loop .
Primary tumor growth is a complex process, involving many interactions between the tumor and surrounding tissue. The concept of the immune system surveying the body for nascent tumors and suppressing tumor growth dates to the beginning of the 20th century. NK cell related cancer immunotherapies are being actively investigated  .
Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus  bacteremia is associated with high mortality and places a substantial burden on healthcare systems . Most cases are acquired in the hospital or in persons with well defined healthcare risk factors. A 2005 population based study estimated the burden of invasive MRSA disease in the U.S. to be 94,360 cases, most of which was healthcare associated  bacteremia  .
Genetic alterations associated with the development of lung adenocarcinoma have been extensively characterized , and small molecule based targeting of oncogenic kinases has resulted in great progress in this type of lung cancer  . However, driver mutations in lung squamous cell cancer , another major type of lung cancer, have been poorly characterized, and kinase inhibitors for lung adenocarcinoma have shown limited efficacy against lung SCC. Driver mutations responsible for lung SCC are increasingly being identified.
Endocannabinoids are important retrograde modulators of both excitatory and inhibitory synapses throughout the brain . Accordingly, multiple behavioral studies have demonstrated the importance of endocannabinoid signaling in a variety of physiological functions . The most well studied eCBs in the brain are anandamide   and 2 arachidonylglycerol  .
Cochlear implants  can restore hearing after sensorineural hearing loss, or provide auditory input to children born deaf. These prostheses deliver tonotopically distributed electrical stimulation to the auditory nerve via an electrode array that is inserted into the cochlea. CIs provide a limited degree of spectral resolution, sufficient for good speech intelligibility in quiet , but lose much detail of the original signal.
Hepatitis C virus  is a major cause of acute hepatitis and chronic liver disease, including cirrhosis and liver cancer. These side effects and the rather high costs, and required duration of such treatment limit its use. Thus, it is too costly for most patients in developing countries and many in developed countries to afford.
A common organizational principle among all organisms is that the two halves of the CNS are interconnected by commissures where interneurons project across the midline . Specialized midline glia  attract or repulse axons by secreting ligands . Netrin A and B are attractive glial derived ligands that interact with their respective neuronal receptors, Frazzled and Unc5, respectively, .
Prostate cancer  is the most common male malignancy and one of the leading causes of cancer death among men worldwide. One of the major challenges is the limitation of current methods used for screening and predicting disease course  in PCa . Complex genomic alterations underlie prostate cancer .
The inflammasome is a multi protein complex that forms in response to a variety of danger signals. Upon activation, the sensor protein, often of the nucleotide binding oligomerization domain like receptor  family, recruits caspase 1 . COX 2 is induced following inflammatory stimuli and is the dominant source of prostaglandins during the inflammatory response.
Postural tachycardia syndrome  is a common cause of orthostatic sinus tachycardia and orthostatic intolerance which affects an estimated 500,000 persons in the United States . POTS is defined by a heart rate increase of 30 beats per minute  with standing from a supine position without a significant associated drop in blood pressure. Patients chronically have symptoms that are worse with upright posture and that improve with recumbence.
Costimulatory signals are necessary for T cell proliferation, differentiation, survival, and the establishment of memory T cell populations. The activation of T cells without such costimulation may lead to T cell anergy, T cell deletion, or the development of immune tolerance. The immunoglobulin superfamily, also known as the B7 family, is comprised of eight members, each of which has a defined costimulatory or inhibitory activity.
Membrane proteins require a lipid environment for their folding, assembly, and activity . The structure of the lipid bilayer is an important determinant of the structure, and hence the function, of the embedded membrane proteins, and thus many studies have been aimed at structural characterization of fluid bilayers . This thermal disorder challenges the traditional views of structure and requires novel approaches for structure determination .
Obstructive sleep apnea  is characterized by recurrent closure of the upper airway during sleep leading to chronic intermittent hypoxia  and sleep fragmentation . OSA is present in 2 9% of women and 4 24% of men in the US, but the prevalence may exceed 50% in the obese population . OSA has been independently associated with development of hypertension, cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes mellitus type 2 .
The development of the Drosophila compound eye begins in embryogenesis when a small set of cells within the dorso lateral regions of the head begin to express the Pax6 genes eyeless  and twin of eyeless . As development proceeds, the remaining members of the retinal determination network  including sine oculis , optix, eyes absent , dachshund , teashirt , and homothorax  are expressed within the eye field . At the beginning of the third and final instar, pattern formation begins in the retina when a wave of morphogenesis is initiated at the posterior margin of the eye field.
Free radicals and reactive oxygen species 2 play major roles in normal biological functions. Thus, they have been implicated in a wide range of age related neurodegenerative conditions and in aging . Growing evidence indicates that age related diseases, including atherosclerosis , dementia with Lewy bodies , Parkinson disease , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , and Alzheimer disease , are correlated with elevated levels of oxidized RNA.
Little is currently known about the etiology of brain and other nervous system tumors. The only established risk factors for glioma, which is the most common type of primary brain tumor in adults, are family history and exposure to ionizing radiation. , These risk factors account for a very small percentage of cases.
Anxiety disorders are prevalent in the general population, affecting up to one in five patients in community samples and higher in samples of patients referred for cardiac complaints. These disorders are associated with poorer quality of life and higher utilization of health care resources.,, Chest pain complaints are also prevalent and are the principal reason for millions of emergency department  visits in the United States annually. Lacking a definitive test for anxiety related chest pain, ED doctors are obliged to evaluate each instance for life threatening conditions such as myocardial infarction and ischemia.
Hearing impairment  is the most common sensory deficit among older adults and its effects can be socially and psychologically devastating, leading to loneliness, isolation, anxiety and depression; and associated with other sensory impairment. , The control of risk factors offers the prospect of stemming the rise in the prevalence of HI. Studies from developed countries have documented age, noise, head trauma and chronic medical illnesses as significant risk factors for HI.
Globally, the misuse of prescription drugs  drugs obtained from a non medical source or used for a non medical or recreational purpose  grew considerably during the first decade of the 21st century , especially among young adults . Accordingly, we aim to provide a typology of prescription drug misuse among young adults . Although many studies of prescription drug misuse focus on those who misuse one particular drug type, many have a history of consuming more than one type of prescription drug non medically.
Many cancer cells, including prostate cancer, are able to over express TGF β1. Thus, cancer cells may circumvent the suppressive effects of TGF β1, especially for aggressive cancer cells. Yet, little is known about the regulation of TGF β1 over expression.
Enteral nutrition  is the preferred mode of nutrient intake in critically ill children with a functioning gut. In a recent international study of nutrient intake in mechanically ventilated patients, we reported a significantly lower odds of 60 day mortality in patients with greater adequacy of enteral nutrient delivery. However, despite the preference for EN, there are a number of avoidable barriers in the PICU that impede optimal nutrient delivery at the bedside .
Replication Protein A  was originally purified as a replication factor that stimulated helicase strand displacement and polymerase synthesis . Following ATR recruitment, ATR phosphorylates RPA and a number of other substrates including, CHK1, MCM2, MCM7, RAD9 and RAD17, at the replication fork, presumably to stabilize the fork and promote restart of replication  . Another protein complex involved in ATR and ATM signaling pathways is the MRN complex.
Preterm birth is the leading cause of neonatal mortality in the United States and Blacks are twice as likely as Whites to have a preterm birth . In recent years, researchers have begun to examine the effects of neighborhood socioeconomic status on adverse birth outcomes  . Economically deprived areas are more likely to be inhabited by Blacks than Whites, even when both groups have similar income and education .
Originally identified as a milk protein, milk fat globule epidermal growth factor  factor 8  is now known to be expressed in a range of tissues where it performs diverse homeostatic functions . The molecule comprises two N terminal EGF like domains and two C terminal discoidin like domains with sequence similarity to blood coagulation factors V and VIII. A signal peptide at the N terminus of the nascent MFG E8 protein mediates secretion  .
Chromosome 13q14 deletions frequently occur in several human malignancies, including B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia , non Hodgkin’s lymphoma , acute lymphoblastic leukemia , lung cancer , prostate cancer , head and neck cancer , and esophageal cancer , suggesting the presence of one or more tumor suppressor gene in this region. The chronic lymphocytic leukemia deletion gene 7  , and GLP ) is a candidate tumor suppressor that maps to chromosome 13q14 . The CLLD7 gene encodes a 531 amino acid protein that contains two functional domains: a regulator of chromosome condensation  domain at the N terminus and a broad complex, tramtrack, and bric a brac  domain at the C terminus.
Immune modulation to clear Aβ is a promising therapy for AD, and is based primarily on studies showing that immunization with aggregated Aβ1−42 reduces Aβ plaque burden and associated pathology in mouse brains . Prior and subsequent studies indicated that this effect was likely to be antibody mediated , and resulted in cognitive improvements . Four autopsies from the trial have shown plaque clearance but vascular amyloid and tau pathology remained .
Sacral neuromodulation, which is elicited by stimulation of the S3 spinal nerve, is an FDA approved treatment for patients with refractory urgency, frequency, urge incontinence, and non obstructive urinary retention . However, pudendal neuromodulation has recently been reported to be superior to sacral neuromodulation in patients with intractable lower urinary tract symptoms  . One possible explanation for this enhanced effectiveness is the recruitment of a broader segmental distribution of sacral afferent nerve fibers  with pudendal neuromodulation versus only S3 afferents for sacral neuromodulation.
Kidney cancer represents one of 10 most common cancers in men and women and is often resistant to chemotherapy. About 70% of patients with renal cancer fall into the subgroup of clear cell renal cell carcinoma . Often VHL mutation is not sufficient to cause renal cell carcinoma.
Neurocysticercosis , a major cause of adult onset seizures in endemic areas, is caused by infection of the larval form of the pork tapeworm, Taenia solium. Humans become infected and develop cysticercosis after the accidental ingestion of ova released from the intestinal dwelling adult tapeworm. Manifestations of NCC in humans are particularly varied, but the most common symptom is seizures due to cysts lodged in the parenchyma of the brain., Viable parenchymal cysts induce little inflammation.
Aspirin exacerbated respiratory disease  is a distinct syndrome characterized by asthma, chronic sinusitis, nasal polyposis, and sensitivity to aspirin and other non selective inhibitors of cyclooxygenase  . These reactions do not reflect an IgE mediated allergic process. Instead, it is recognized that constitutive  prostaglandin  E2 acts as an inhibitor of eosinophils and possibly mast cell activation and it is the removal of this “brake” by COX 1 inhibitors that permits cellular activation.
This study evaluated service learning program’s impact on senior dentalstudents’ attitude toward community service at Virginia Commonwealth University School of Dentistry. Experience gained through service learning in dental schoolmay positively impact dental students’ attitude toward community service thatwill eventually lead into providing care to the underserved . Two surveys  were administered to 105 senior dentalstudents.
Tissue ischemia and reperfusion injury  are inherent events in solid organ transplantation. In support of this, longer ischemic times correlate with delayed graft function, earlier acute rejection episodes and poorer renal allograft outcome  . Many molecular and cellular mechanisms contribute to the injury provoked by reperfusion of ischemic tissues.
Increasing interest in the use of de cellularized complex whole organ scaffolds for ex vivo tissue engineering has provided both opportunity and also unique challenges. With respect to trachea and lung, a number of recent publications have comparatively assessed different de cellularization protocols. Notably, the resulting architecture and extracellular matrix  protein composition of either trachea or lungs may differ substantially between the different regimens utilized .
Ultra high field  in vivo magnetic resonance spectroscopy and spectroscopic imaging confers the intrinsic advantages of increased SNR, spectral resolution and spectral simplification for J coupled resonances. Although these systems have been available since the late 1990s , there have been few reports of their use in spectroscopic imaging  studies . Taken together, these effects result in a ~12 fold increase in power deposition for equivalent performance at 7T in comparison to 3T .
The cellular response of animals to hypoxia is mediated by a heterodimeric transcription factor, hypoxia inducible factor  . In a separate oxygen dependent mechanism of HIF regulation, asparaginyl hydroxylation  in the HIF α C terminal transactivation domain  reduces the interaction of HIF with transcriptional coactivators . HIF hydroxylation is catalysed by Fe  and 2 oxoglutarate  dependent oxygenases.
Primary HCV infection is asymptomatic in the majority of cases, with 50 80% of individuals developing chronic infection . Studies of chronic HCV infection have demonstrated a low frequency of HCV specific CD4+ and CD8+ cells both in the peripheral blood and liver . By contrast, no clear correlation has been found as yet between anti HCV humoral responses and viral clearance  .
Solution phase hydrogen/deuterium exchange  coupled with mass spectrometry is a non perturbative method to study protein conformational changes in protein ligand and protein protein interactions . However, back exchange still averages ∼30% , depending on various factors, e.g., peptide sequence . With MALDI, the back exchange level is even higher  .
FOXO  comprise a subgroup of the winged helix or forkhead transcription factors that regulate a wide range of biological functions, including development, growth, stress resistance, apoptosis, cell cycle, immunity, metabolism, and aging . FAS ligand, tumor necrosis factor related apoptosis inducing ligand , BIM, and insulin like growth factor binding protein 1 . In response to survival growth factors such as IGF I, Akt/PKB and the related kinase phosphorylate FOXO protein at the first and second phosphorylation sites  which creates a binding site for the chaperone protein 14 3 3 .
Adolescence is a critical period of vulnerability for the onset of smoking . Compared to adult smokers, adolescents more readily develop symptoms of tobacco dependence , showing withdrawal symptoms, craving for cigarettes and failed attempts at quitting in the first weeks of smoking . Women are also more likely to experience mood changes during abstinence, resulting in shorter or less frequent abstinent periods compared to their male counterparts .
The M2 protein of influenza A viruses spans the viral envelope and forms a tetrameric channel that conducts protons across the membrane when the external environment is acidic. At acidic pH, the imidazolium rings undergo small amplitude reorientation and exchange protons with water molecules at a rate of 105 s−1 7,8. Cation π interaction between His37 and Trp41 was observed in resonance Raman spectra and suggested by molecular dynamics  simulations.
Drug addicted individuals often take drugs despite conscious, well intentioned plans to abstain. Abnormal  ACC activity has been documented on selective attention and inhibitory control tasks in users of various addictive substances . We recently showed that ACC deficits extend to emotionally salient tasks in addiction, with individuals with cocaine use disorder  showing hypoactivations in dorsal and rostral ACC  during a drug Stroop task.
Translocator protein   is highly expressed in the mitochondria of phagocytic inflammatory cells, including reactive astrocytes and activated microglia in brain . For example, the TSPO selective PET radioligand   PK 11195 has been used for more than two decades to identify areas of brain inflammation in several neurological diseases . More than 90% of PBR28 uptake in monkey brain is specific .
In the United States, PCa is the most common malignancy and second leading cause of cancer related deaths in men . Despite decades of research and treatment advances, androgen withdrawal is the only effective therapy for advanced PCa patients . PI3K is activated in response to diverse mitogenic signals and catalyzes the formation of second messenger lipid phosphatidylinositol 3, 4, 5 triphosphate .
Genome wide association studies  have detected associations between various loci and colon cancer. 8q24, 8q23, 11q23, 3q21, and SMAD7 on 18q21 have all been identified as potentially involved in colon cancer etiology . Of these loci on chromosomal regions of 8q21, biological rationale exists for an association between SMAD7 and colorectal cancer .
Somatic education has become commonplace in many academic dance curricula  and efforts to define the field of ‘somatics’ are ongoing . As more dance professionals embrace the use of somatic education to integrate health and wellness concepts into dance training, ‘these practices can refine bodily perceptions, which can contribute to improvement of technique, aid the development of expressive capacities and prevention of injuries’ . For example, one student in a Pilates Method course wrote:Dancing has always given me the same mind body connection that I have learned from Pilates, but I had never realized it before.
The metastatic potential of a tumor is presumably contained within cells that are able to escape and disseminate from the primary lesion. These predictive features are used to stratify patients into low and high risk groups. Among the latter studies,  found that 75% of pre surgery patients without clinical evidence of metastatic spread, and only 11% of normal controls, harbored disseminated epithelial cells in their bone marrow.
Natural Killer  cells are lymphocytes of the innate immune system that play an important role in the elimination of neoplastic or virus infected cells. NK cell cytotoxic activity is controlled in part by cell surface receptors for class I MHC that survey potential target cells for aberrant class I expression. Human NK cells use the killer cell immunoglobulin like receptor  family to interrogate class I status, whereas murine NK cells use members of the C type lectin related Ly49 family, .
Ataxin 1  is a member of a family of proteins that includes the transcriptional repressor HBP1, ATXN1, and ATXN1L. Each of these proteins is characterized by the presence of an ataxin 1/HBP1  domain . This 120 amino acid region forms an OB fold  and is implicated in protein protein interactions  as well as protein oligonucleotide binding .
Influenza A virus infections represent a serious challenge to human health and are increasingly recognized as an important agent in community acquired pneumonia . In addition to primary disease, influenza infection is known to predispose individuals, particularly persons with underlying medical conditions, to an increased incidence of secondary pneumonias, which in turn leads to more severe disease outcomes . A recent study of CAP hospitalizations during influenza season demonstrated that those patients with a history of prior influenza vaccination had a significantly reduced mortality compared to unvaccinated patients, which portrays the increasingly recognized role of influenza in CAP .
Our sensory environments are full of regularities distributed in space and time. However, such relationships are embedded within complex and continuous environments. In the auditory domain, one study has examined the neural basis of how statistical and prosodic cues are integrated during word segmentation , and another study has examined the time course of learning with ERPs and their relationship to familiarity .
Multiple myeloma  is a cancer of the plasma cells affecting primarily the elderly, with the highest incidence occurring at the sixth through the eighth decade of life . The overall annual incidence rate of MM in the U.S. from 1973 2005, age adjusted to the 2009 population, was 11.0 and 4.3 per 100,000 person years for blacks and whites, respectively . Autologous HSCT is still widely accepted as a treatment option for MM patients <65 years of age, yet it is now being challenged through historical control studies and RCTs comparing outcomes from HDT versus non intensive therapy using novel therapies such as thalidomide, bortezomib, lenalidomide and carfilzomib .
Since the systematic search for antibiotics began, thousands of natural products have been discovered that inhibit protein synthesis by binding to the ribosome. Additional ribosomal inhibitors have emerged from cancer chemotherapy screens. Many of them block the activity of the large ribosomal subunit by interfering with the binding of either aminoacyl tRNA or peptidyl tRNA to the peptidyl transferase center , where peptide bonds form .
A mechanistic link between the prolonged corrected QT interval  and increased risk of fatal arrhythmogenesis is well established by the detailed investigation of the relatively rare monogenic, long QT syndromes . However, QTc prolongation has also been associated with increased risk of SCD in a non long QT syndrome community based cohort of unrelated individuals . The potential of prolonged cardiac repolarization as a stratifier of risk among unrelated individuals in the general population merits further evaluation .
High resolution MRI datasets that require high signal to noise can be obtained from chemically fixed human autopsy tissues  to facilitate the interpretation of in vivo imaging studies and help validate MRI characterizations in animal models of disease . It is not possible to collect this data in vivo due to restrictions on the imaging time tolerated by patients, and due to current clinical magnet gradient and field strength limitations. Hence, most autopsy tissues begin immersion fixation in formalin solutions many hours after the patient's demise such that a PMI less than 4 hours is rare.
The entorhinal cortex  provides the majority of connections between the hippocampus and other cortical areas . Principal  neurons in the superficial layers  of the EC receive excitatory glutamatergic afferents from olfactory structures, parasubiculum, perirhinal cortex, claustrum, amygdale and neurons in the deep layers of the EC   as well as inhibitory GABAergic inputs from local interneurons . The output from the hippocampus is then projected to the deep layers of the EC that relay information back to the superficial layers  and to other cortical areas .
Trigeminal nerve mediated pain has a major impact on human health, and significantly debilitates the functioning of the afflicted . Conditions such as migraine headache, trigeminal neuralgia, non migraine headache and dental pain reduce well being and negatively affect productivity and the economy. Unfortunately, many pharmacological approaches to alleviate trigeminal pain are rife with harmful side effects and/or risks of addiction, necessitating a continued search for other methods of pain relief .
Heterosexual contact is the most common mode of HIV transmission among women in the United States. Sexual partnerships are the building blocks of networks through which HIV and other sexually transmitted infections  disseminate. The sequencing, interval between and duration of partnerships, and frequency of sexual interactions influence individual risk of infection and population transmission.
Tyrosine hydroxylase , the rate limiting enzyme for catecholamine neurotransmitter biosynthesis, is essential for proper neurological function. In mice, homozygous disruption of the TH gene is embryonic lethal due to altered cardiac and/or cardiovascular development . The majority of studies have concentrated on the role of the promoter region  in the human and rodent TH gene and identified several cis regulatory elements that modulate expression .
FAN1 possesses 5’ flap endonuclease and 5’ 3’ exonuclease activities and is involved in a DNA ICL damage repair pathway. FAN1 is thought to be recruited to ICLs via its interaction with the monoubiquitinated form of the FANCI FANCD2 complex, and, accordingly, disruption of the nuclease activity of FAN1 sensitizes cells to ICL inducing agents. In ICL repair, FAN1 is thought to co operate with other nucleases to introduce DNA incisions necessary for the efficient unhooking of the ICL.
Social insects owe their ecological and evolutionary success in part to an efficient division of labor, most notably between numerous non reproductive workers and one or a few reproductives in each colony. The highest levels of polyandry have been reported in honey bees, with some records exceeding 100 matings of individual queens  and the overall estimates for honey bee species vary between 11.6 and 54.9 . These species specific estimates often derive from limited sampling of one population.
Despite advances in screening and treatment, colorectal cancer  remains the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the USA . Therefore new improved treatments are needed. We have previously described an HLA A1 restricted CTL  derived from the peripheral blood mononuclear cells  of a rectal carcinoma patient.
The bonding strength of the interfaces within the cemented arthroplasty system has been evaluated using conventional mechanical testing such as reported in . The most comprehensive study of bone cement interface to day was carried out by Mann and his associates , including modelling the tensile behaviour of the cement bone interface , mechanical strength of the bone cement interface under shear and tension , mixed mode  and creep fatigue loading conditions . There is a large variation in the results between specimens due to the difference in the amount of cement infiltration into bone and variations in the human cadaver bone tissues .
Despite the development of sophisticated in vitro assays for primitive hematopoietic stem cells , transplantation assays remain the gold standard for HSC enumeration. NOD/SCID mice have long been the standard for xenografting human HSCs, but the remaining natural killer  cell activity interfered with efficient human cell engraftment. To reduce residual NK cell activity in recipient xenograft mice, a new strain, NOD/SCID/β2mnull mouse, was established.
Cutaneous malignant melanoma  is an etiologically heterogeneous disease with genetic, host, environmental factors, and their interactions contributing to its development. Approximately 10% of CMM cases occur in a familial setting. Germline mutations of the CDKN2A gene have been described in approximately 20% of familial melanoma kindreds,.
The placenta is the primary fetal source of oxygen and nutrients. As such, it is a principal regulator of fetal growth and fetal health. Typical placentas will grow uniformly out from the umbilical cord insertion, resulting in a round to oval disk with a centrally inserted cord.
Several types of intermediate filaments  contribute to the development and maintenance of the neuronal cytoskeleton. These include nestin, internexin and the neurofilament proteins; neurofilament  heavy ,   medium  and   light . The function of peripherin, a type III IF, remains controversial .
Deafness is one of the most common human health problems, affecting one in 7001000 newborns . Deafness can be caused by gene alterations and environmental factors including ototoxic drugs such as aminoglycoside antibiotics. Mutations in mitochondrial DNA  are one of the important causes of sensorineural hearing loss in some countries .
Anterior cruciate ligament  injury is a devastating injury that occurs with high frequency during sport athletic participation. More than 200 000 ACL injuries are estimated to occur in the United States annually. Previously identified high risk populations include athletes participating in pivoting and cutting sports and female athletes.
Low muscle mass, an important initial indicator of malnutrition , has been reported with chronic infections, particularly tuberculosis and human immunodeficiency virus  , and can lead to adverse health outcomes and increased risk of death . However, it is unknown if chronic hepatitis C virus  infection is associated with low muscle mass, especially prior to the development of cirrhosis. Determination of the prevalence and risk factors for low muscle mass among chronic HCV infected patients is important because such results could help heighten awareness of the need to screen these patients for malnutrition and identify modifiable risk factors that should be addressed by clinicians.
The family Paramyxoviridae contains a number of important human pathogens. Nipah virus first emerged in Malaysia and Singapore during 1998/9, resulting in an epidemic of encephalitis with 105 deaths from 265 reported cases . The paramyxovirus family also contains animal pathogens, including parainfluenza virus 5 , which causes respiratory infection in canines and also infects humans asympotomatically  .
Obesity continues to be a pervasive problem among African Americans. Efforts are ongoing to reduce and prevent obesity and excess body weight among African Americans through community based initiatives and weight loss programs in primary care. Structural changes are also recommended, but these approaches take considerable effort, especially during economically challenging times when policy changes may be difficult to make if they involve re allocating limited financial resources or could generate new expenses.
The accelerated increase in obesity over the past two decades  has drawn attention to the effect of body weight not only on cardiovascular disease risk  and other health related outcomes specific to peripheral target organ systems but also on the brain . Volumetric differences in the gray matter of other brain areas have also been associated with indicators of body weight and fat among otherwise healthy individuals who are lean and obese . Changes in white matter brain tissue are also associated with weight gain .
Coronary revascularization is one of the most common adult cardiac surgical procedures, which can often require cardiopulmonary bypass . Coincident with the separation from CPB, is the release of bioactive molecules including endothelin  and cytokines . While mechanistic links remain to be established, ET release and cytokine activation have been associated with a protracted post operative course following CPB .
Infection with HIV continues to negatively impact the central nervous system despite effective combination antiretroviral therapy  that has improved survival rates . These findings support the theory of cognitive reserve, which refers to individual differences in the threshold of neurological insult that a person can withstand before manifestation of cognitive impairment . For example, studies have shown that for two individuals with the same neuropathological burden, the person with higher cognitive reserve  would express less neurocognitive impairment than the person with lower reserve .
Aicardi syndrome  is a severe sporadic neurodevelopmental disorder, originally characterized by a triad of agenesis of the corpus callosum, chorioretinal lacunae, and infantile spasms . More recent studies have identified a broader range of abnormalities with a wide variability in severity and often asymmetry . Ophthalmological abnormalities are also variable and include unilateral or bilateral chorioretinal lacunae, optic nerve dysplasia, and microphthalmia .
Schizophrenia is a neuropsychiatric disorder that affects 1% of the population. The disease is characterized by positive symptoms such as delusions and hallucinations, negative symptoms such as social withdrawal and affective flattening, and disorganization of speech and behavior. The etiology of schizophrenia appears to be due primarily to genetic factors, as evidenced by a sibling relative risk of approximately 10 and an estimated heritability of 81% .
Macrocycles such as cyclam derivatives show promise as stem cell mobilizers and antivirals, including activity against HIV and related AIDS disease. Maraviroc is an entry inhibitor that specifically targets the chemokine receptor, CCR5. Binding of the virus to CD4 occurs through attachment of the viral envelope glycoprotein gp120, and through this association the virus gains access to the coreceptor CXCR4, an important coreceptor for HIV 1.
Obesity is an emerging epidemic in the United States. Currently, over 35% of adults nationwide are considered obese , and the national prevalence of obesity has been climbing steadily since 1980. Due to the increasing prevalence of marked obesity, the World Health Organization and the National Institutes of Health have stratified obesity by BMI, and others have further differentiated class III obesity  to now specifically include extreme obesity  and super obesity.
“Sickness behavior” is widely recognized as an expression ofimmune system activation . This constellation of symptoms frequently occurs in the context ofcancer and its treatment, likely because of the immune system activation thataccompanies the disease. Major depressive disorder  is another condition thathas a high prevalence in patients with cancer.
Mass spectrometry has opened new vistas into the probing of biological problems. MALDI MS has certain advantages over other MS techniques. The initial success of these applications has promoted the development of MALDI imaging mass spectrometry  for visualizing endogenous and exogenous molecules in tissue sections that would otherwise require elaborate, time consuming, and costly  histochemistry and autoradiography techniques .
Women who experience intimate partner violence  are more likely to suffer from health problems than women without IPV . Each year, morbidity and mortality result from 5.3 million cases of intimate partner violence  in the US . While there is increased risk for IPV among women who are younger, are of low income, or those who experienced childhood trauma, all women carry some risk for IPV  .
The United States Department of Justice, Bureau of Justice Statistics reported that as of yearend 2011, there were over 2.2 million Americans incarcerated . In addition, high levels of other sexually transmitted diseases  are found within incarcerated populations compared to other US populations  . For example, analyses of data from a mandatory HIV testing program by the Georgia Department of Corrections, conducted from 1992 to 2005, found 88 documented cases of HIV transmitted while the tested individuals were incarcerated .
Oxygen undoubtedly belongs to the most important analytes on earth. Traditionally, most oxygen sensors were designed for the physiological range. For instance, it was demonstrated that bacteria can show respiration and potentially aerobic growth far below the Pasteur point .
The hematopoietic system is the most sensitive tissue in the body to the effects of ionizing radiation. In addition to its acute effects, the induction of oxidative stress and DNA damage in HSCs are thought to underlie the increased risks that irradiated individuals have for developing long term complications, including myelofibrosis, myelodysplasia and acute leukemia . Currently, hematopoietic failure following exposure to ionizing radiation is treated with the cytokine granulocyte colony stimulating factor  ; however, in the absence of endogenous hematopoietic recovery bone marrow transplantation is the only definitive cure.
Normal function of the retinal tissue depends in part on adequate supply of oxygen. Phosphorescence lifetime imaging technique has allowed mapping of retinal vascular pO2.,, With this technique, oxygen tension nonlinearly depends on the phosphorescence lifetime of an oxygen sensitive molecular probe. In this paper, we propose a solution by devising a regularized direct least squares  method in which we directly  regularize pO2 values obtained from LS estimates of the variables.
During the last decade, physical performance measures have gained increased acceptance in the evaluation of functional status of older persons. One of the most commonly used measures of physical performance is the Short Physical Performance Battery . This measure evaluates lower extremity function through tests of gait speed, standing balance, and time to rise from a chair five times.
Nasal chondromesenchymal hamartoma  was first described in 1998 as a rare nasal tumor that typically presents as a unilateral mass in children . A mixed mesenchymal pattern of chondroid and/or osseous islands of tissue with a variably cellular stroma characterized the morphologic features. The lesion may be expansile and locally destructive, with extension into the intracranial space .
Optimal function of the serotonin neural system is critical for numerous and wide ranging outcomes such as mood or affect , anxiety , cognition , metabolic syndrome , sleep , pituitary hormone secretion  and vulnerability to stress . These receptors decrease or increase serotonin neurotransmission, respectively . UCN1 binds to CRF R2, thereby promoting serotonin transmission  .
Encapsulation of pancreatic islets in semi permeable devices has been an attractive approach for islet transplantation to restore glycemic control in type I diabetic patients. However, poor graft survival has been a major limitation of islet encapsulation for use in clinical implantation. For example, many studies have shown that the purity and composition of alginate, a widely used natural polymer for islet encapsulation, substantially affect the survival of trapped islets .
Similar to light waves, ultrasound waves may be focused onto relatively small volumes, greatly increasing their intensity. Exposures such as these induce coagulative necrosis resulting in permanent cell death, and are presently being used to treat uterine fibroids and prostate cancer world wide . Clinical trials are underway to treat breast and kidney tumors , as well as liver  and testicular cancer .
Bisacodyl is a diphenyl methane laxative that has been used for the treatment of constipation since its introduction into the market in 1952 and, more recently, in facilitating bowel evacuation before investigational procedures  or surgery. The Physician’s Desk Reference indicates that, for constipation, bisacodyl is given in usual doses of 5 to 10 mg daily as enteric coated tablets administered at night or 10 mg as a suppository or enema administered in the morning. Absorption from the gastrointestinal tract is minimal with enteric coated tablets or suppositories; the small amount that is absorbed is excreted in the urine as the glucuronide.
Neuropathic pain is cited as one of the most debilitating consequences of spinal cord injury  . Opioids are highly effective at treating pain. Widerström Noga and Turk  found that approximately 11% of spinally injured patients using opiates reported feeling “pain free,” 22% were “considerably better, ” 48% were “slightly better, ” and 19% reported “no effect.
Mast cells play an important role in the innate and adaptive immune responses, secreting numerous preformed mediators and cytokines that can recruit as well as polarize other elements of the immune system. We still do not fully understand how the cytoskeleton is altered after crosslinking of FcεRI. It is believed that cortical actin can act as a barrier to vesicle fusion  .
A paramount question in neuroscience is to understand the cell cell interactions that control neuronal survival, development, and function. Progress in this field of research, however, has been limited by the inability to separate most individual neuronal populations from neighboring neuronal and glial cell types. Immunopanning is relatively inexpensive, gentle on cells and can produce very good yields .
Joint injury in young adults leads to increased risk for development of osteoarthritis  irrespective of surgical intervention to stabilize the joint. Joint injury initiates a cascade of responses which can result in cartilage degeneration, pain, and compromised joint function. In vitro models of mechanical injury to cartilage, alone, demonstrate damage to cartilage matrix resulting in increased water content, decreased stiffness, increased hydraulic permeability, sGAG loss to the culture medium, and damage to collagen.
The Electrocardiogram  is a clinical standard for monitoring patient cardiac activity. MHD distortions induce a voltage  overlaid onto ECGs obtained within the bore of the MRI. In  MRI, and in large diameter vessels where the direction of the blood flow and B0 is are approximately orthogonal, the large amplitude VMHD may obscure the ECG’s QRS complex  .
Although allogeneic hematopoietic progenitor cell transplant  is curative therapy for many disorders of lymphohematopoiesis, it is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Refractory viral diseases in the immunocompromised host have been treated by infusion of virus specific lymphocytes. Donor lymphocyte infusion  therapy has been used after transplant for a variety of infections including persistent adenovirus, CMV, EBV LPD,,  and hepatitis.
Cancer is driven by the acquisition of somatic DNA lesions. Understanding of the progression of the lesions, distinguishing the early driver mutations from subsequent passenger mutations, deciphering the role of somatic mutations in regulating protein expression are all under active investigation. The availability of genomics technologies  have fueled recent studies on these topics,.
Striped patterns are known to produce visual discomfort and can even induce headaches or epileptic seizures in hypersensitive observers . The discomfort is strongest for the range of medium spatial frequencies  for which the visual system is generally most sensitive. Recently  showed that discomfort in more complex images could also be accounted for by the extent to which the images contained an excess of energy at medium spatial frequencies.
A diet rich in fruits and vegetables is associated with a decreased risk of some chronic diseases, such as certain types of cancers . These studies tailored messages to variables important in social cognition such as attitudes, self efficacy expectations, intentions, and stages of change. The social intelligence theory of personality may help to account for the inconsistencies in these findings .
It is highly controversial whether dietary fiber protects against colorectal cancer  because of conflicting results from human cohort based epidemiologic studies . These studies have been complicated by the participants’ genetic heterogeneity, differences in the composition of their gut microbiota, and the utilization of different fiber sources . It also has not been established how dietary fiber might protect against CRC, but two general mechanisms have been proposed that are not mutually exclusive.
The α6 integrin, a laminin receptor, is expressed on tumor cell surfaces and is associated with poor patient prognosis, reduced survival and increased metastasis in a variety of tumors . Integrins are type I transmembrane heterodimers composed of α and β subunits. The heterodimer confers ligand binding specificity to a particular extracellular matrix substrate .
Small molecule inhibitors targeted against “druggable” oncogenic mutations are remarkably effective in the treatment of metastatic cancer. Unfortunately, their efficacy is often limited by the emergence of resistance . The clinical significance of this heterogeneity has been demonstrated for colorectal and lung cancers where preexisting clones with mutations conferred drug resistance  .
In mice and humans there are 19 independent Wnt genes, encoding secreted glycoproteins that have diverse and critical roles during embryonic development, in adult tissue homoeostasis and in human diseases . Wnt ligands can be broadly divided into two classes: canonical Wnts such as Wnt1 and Wnt3a, and non canonical Wnts such as Wnt5a and Wnt11. Non canonical Wnts, on the other hand, share certain components with the canonical Wnt pathway such as Fz and Dsh/Dvl, but signal through multiple  catenin independent branches that include the Wnt/Ca2+ and the planar cell polarity  pathways  .
Galanin is expressed at high levels in most cells of the developing DRG in late gestation and starts to downregulate in the early postnatal period . Low levels of the peptide are detected in <5% of adult DRG neurons, which are predominantly small diameter C fiber nociceptors , with higher levels detected in the primary afferent terminals of the spinal cord . These studies have shown that the role played by galanin in pain signaling  is complex with facilitatory and inhibitory effects observed, sometimes in a modality specific manner .
Increasing evidence indicates that reactive oxygen species  play a critical role in ethanol induced liver injury . Ethanol induced oxidative damage causes lipid peroxidation resulting in the formation of a variety of reactive molecules, including malondialdehyde  and 4 hydroxynonenal  . In addition to the ROS dependent formation, γ ketoaldehydes can also be formed via the rearrangement of prostaglandin endoperoxides produced by the enzymatic activity of cyclooxygenases .
Bacillus anthracis lethal toxin  is composed of lethal factor  and protective antigen . PA binds to cell receptors and delivers LF into the cytosol . In the cytosol LF cleaves and inactivates members of the mitogen activated protein kinase kinase  family.
Exposure to endogenous and exogenous alkylating agents can trigger substantial cytotoxicity, mutagenicity and carcinogenicity via alkyl adducts at the guanine O6 position. Attack by this Cys145 then leads to the alkyl transfer reaction, which is facilitated by reduction of the negative charge on the repaired guanine via the donation of a hydrogen bond from the −OH of Tyr114 to N3 of the O6 methylguanine substrate . Since AGT is highly protective against the genotoxic effects of many alkylating agents , the observation by Abril and colleagues  that Escherichia coli cells overexpressing hAGT or Ogt, an E. coli homolog of AGT, exhibited enhanced cell killing and mutations when exposed to the bis electrophiles, 1,2 dibromoethane or dibromomethane, was unexpected.
Vaginal bleeding is common in early pregnancy, and has been associated with adverse outcomes. Most studies of vaginal bleeding rely on recalled data, which may be influenced by outcome and other pregnancy events. , No studies have evaluated the accuracy of vaginal bleeding reports in pregnancy .
According to the National Cancer Institute, approximately 10.5 million Americans with a history of cancer are alive . Numbers such as these demonstrate the enormity of this disease in terms of morbidity and mortality . Cancer affects all aspects of patients' lives.
The transplantation of non human organs to human recipients  is regarded as an alternative approach for bridging the gap between the increasing number of patients with end stage organ failure waiting for transplantation and the limited availability of grafts . Nevertheless, several complications of porcine organ transplantation have been described, principally the hyperacute rejection , which occurs shortly after xeno Tx and induces vigorous innate immune responses that can result in rapid graft loss. Xeno Tx of islets is associated with rapid innate immune reactions taking place intravascularly as a result of the exposure of porcine islets to human blood.
Nationally, homeless youths’ lives are becoming increasingly intertwined with problem substance use. A comprehensive body of literature details the high engagement of homeless youth in substance use, including a high prevalence of injection drug use  and alcohol abuse; oftentimes taking dominance over youths’ commitments and goals. Youths’ viewpoints about drugs, as well as their personal use habits, often are formed from familial drug history, along with the informal support system created with other homeless on the streets.
Obstructive sleep apnea  may arise from any combination of contributions from constricted airway anatomy, physiologic dysfunction of muscles that line the oropharynx, and altered pharyngeal wall compliance. Multiple imaging modalities have been used to study the airway and have supported anatomical differences between patients with and without OSA. The main observation has been that the oropharynx, and specifically the retropalatal region, is smaller in patients with OSA than in controls.
The circulation of autoantibodies against antigens expressed by tumors is a common occurrence in cancer patients. In prostate cancer, the GRP78 antigenic region corresponds to an epitope defined by the tertiary structure peptide CNVSKDSC which mimics a complementary tertiary structure site in GRP78 . In a recent study in patients with malignant melanoma, the expression of GRP78 in tumor tissue was found to correlate with poor overall patient survival, but the presence of GRP78 autoantibodies, their epitope specificity, or their mechanisms of action were not assessed  .
UHMWPE mediated osteolysis is a significant complication of total joint replacement, which contributes to decreased implant fixation and limits the long term survival of joint replacement components. , Particulate wear debris results from the motion between opposing implant bearing surfaces. In addition, implant exposure to oxygen rich biological fluid can cause in vivo degradation of the mechanical properties of UHMWPE components, which leads to an increase in the overall wear rate.
Prior to the advent of retrograde tracing, cells of origin for fiber tracts were discovered by cutting axons and looking for cells that displayed signs of retrograde degeneration, specifically chromatolysis . The cells of origin of the corticospinal tract  were first identified in this way , and since then, there has been continuing debate about whether corticospinal neurons die as a result of axotomy. Within the context of developing therapies to promote axon regeneration and recovery following spinal cord injury , this is a crucial question that needs a definitive answer.
Epithelial mesenchymal transition  is a critical process in malignant progression that confers to epithelial cancer cells the ability to breach basement membranes and metastasize to distant sites . At the molecular level, EMT is characterized by loss of the epithelial cell adhesion molecule E cadherin, which enables cells to increase motility and invasiveness through the disruption of intercellular contacts . From a mechanistic perspective, many signaling pathways, such as those mediated by TGF β , Ras , IGF IR , and GSK3β , have been linked to EMT induction under different cellular contexts through increased expression of Snail and/or other transcriptional repressors of E cadherin, including Zeb 1, Twist, and Slug.
The sleep waking cycle is a key factor influencing the expression of absence epilepsy . AE and other forms of idiopathic generalized epilepsy are associated with a number of abnormalities in sleep architecture including longer latencies to sleep and REM sleep onset, increased percentage of drowsiness and awakenings, reduced REM sleep percentage and decreased sleep efficiency . AE patients also have increased daytime somnolence .
Effective methods to regulate gene expression or protein function within mammalian hosts are essential for understanding basic biological mechanisms as well as directing gene based therapies. Generating knockouts of a specific gene and subsequent monitoring of that perturbation in vivo is a powerful technique for understanding ways in which proteins contribute to complex biological processes . Strategies to overcome this limitation have introduced elements of spatial and temporal control over gene expression .
In order to establish and maintain the dorso ventrally  or anterior posteriorly  restricted stripes of homeodomain gene expression in the developing embryo it is necessary to coordinate multiple signaling pathways and the assembly of transcription factors on the regulatory DNA of each gene  . Regulation of the DV restricted homeodomain proteins Ventral nervous system defective  and Intermediate neuroblasts defective  in the embryonic neurectoderm has been investigated extensively. For both of these genes, multiple enhancer elements have been identified that control different aspects of expression.
The species specific tropism of numerous retroviruses is determined by host cell proteins, termed restriction factors, which inhibit viral replication at numerous stages of the viral life cycle. In addition to these domains, TRIM5α also contains a C  terminal B30.2/PRYSPRY  domain, which has been shown to dictate the species specific antiviral activity of TRIM5α proteins . The resulting TRIM Cyp protein also exhibits antiviral activity against various retroviruses .
The ATP binding cassette  transporter superfamily members: i) P glycoprotein , ii) multidrug resistance associated protein 1 , and iii) breast cancer resistance protein  are integral plasma membrane efflux pumps . They transport a vast array of lipophilic, amphipathic  substrates against their concentration gradients by hydrolyisis of adenosine triphosphate, limiting substrate cellular influx and retention, thereby conferring a multidrug resistance phenotype . Notably, these transporters share common protein motifs and a degree of substrate overlap .
An important hallmark of Alzheimer's disease  is the accumulation of insoluble hyperphosphorylated and fibrillized tau in neurofibrillary tangles  . Since there is a clear correlation between NFT density and cognitive decline, misfolded and aggregated tau is likely a key pathological agent in AD . The hypothesis that tau plays a critical role in AD pathogenesis was further strengthened by the discovery that inherited forms of frontotemporal dementia with Parkinsonism linked to chromosome 17  resulted from mutations within the tau gene .
Synthetic peptides derived from the HIV 1 inner envelope glycoprotein gp41 represent a new class of HIV 1 entry inhibitors that exert their antiviral activity by blocking viral membrane fusion. However, there are in general several limitations for polypeptides as drug candidates, including poor oral bioavailability and short serum's half life because of their susceptibility to protease digestion. It is well known that glycosylation can significantly influence a peptide's pharmacokinetic properties such as its protease susceptibility .
Adeno associated viral  vectormediated gene transfer has shown potential as a therapeutic platform for inherited and metabolic diseases . Moreover, cross reactivity of anti AAV antibodies results in neutralization of a wide range of AAV serotypes , eliminating the obvious solution of switching AAV serotype . Thus far, two clinical studies in which an AAV vector was delivered through the systemic circulation have been conducted; both studies targeted the liver to express coagulation factor IX  to treat hemophilia B.  AAV vectors were prepared as previously described .
Chlamydia trachomatis, a Gram negative obligate intracellular bacterium, is the leading cause of bacterial sexually transmitted disease  worldwide . Genital chlamydial infections are observed predominantly in young adults . Untreated infections ascend to the upper genital tract  and cause severe sequelae including pelvic inflammatory disease, ectopic pregnancy, and infertility .
Apolipoprotein B  is the essential protein responsible for the formation of chylomicrons from the small intestine and very low density lipoproteins  from the liver. The translation of apoB begins with a 24 or 27 amino acid signal peptide that targets the synthesis of apoB to the rough endoplasmic reticulum  of hepatocytes and enterocytes, thus committing the protein to a secretory pathway  . So far two factors have been found specifically associated with the efficiency of the assembly and secretion of apoB containing lipoproteins  the availability of lipids and microsomal triglyceride transfer protein .
In patients undergoing liver resection, the optimal future liver remnant  volume required for safe recovery is uncertain. Portal vein embolization  has become an important means to increase the FLR volume prior to major hepatectomy and thereby reduce postoperative liver failure. Continued growth has been observed for up to 1 year.
Corynebacterineae is a suprageneric actinomycetes group that includes the causative agents of the human diseases tuberculosis, leprosy and diphtheriae, by Mycobacterium tuberculosis, Mycobacterium leprae, and Corynebacterium diphtheriae, respectively. This complex is often referred as mycolyl arabinogalactan peptidoglycan  complex  . Structural motifs of the AG polymer were first established for M. tuberculosis .
Increasing evidence suggests that neurotrophic factors may be an ideal therapeutic target for the treatment of both neurodegenerative diseases and psychiatric diseases. Currently, only symptomatic treatment  for PD patients is available. For example, antidepressants have been associated with hippocampal neurogenesis in rodents , which was suggested to be facilitated by a number of trophic/growth factors, including brain derived neurotrophic factor  and GDNF .
Polychlorinated biphenyls  are a group of 209 chemically related compounds, which differ in both number and position of the chlorines on the biphenyl moiety  . PCBs were discovered over 100 years ago and first commercially manufactured in 1930s. Because of their remarkable electrical insulating properties and their flame resistance, PCBs were widely used in many industrial applications such as in dielectric fluids, in transformers and capacitors, hydraulic fluids, and as sealants.
The ubiquitin fold modifier 1  is a crucial post translational modifier that belongs to the ubiquitin like protein  family. The Ufm1 cascade  has been implicated in endoplasmic reticulum  homeostasis  and cell cycle control . Recently, we reported that the Ufmylation pathway is down regulated both in the livers of DDC re fed mice and in the livers of human alcoholic hepatitis , non alcoholic steatohepatitis  with Mallory Denk Bodies  present, and cirrhosis, where protein quality control was down regulated .
Arthritis and rheumatic conditions are the leading cause of disability in the United States, affecting approximately 46 million adults, with estimated total medical costs of &dollar;128 billion annually. Osteoarthritis , the most common arthritic condition, is characterized as “a range of disorders that result in structural and functional failure of synovial joints when the dynamic equilibrium between the breakdown and repair of joint tissues is overwhelmed.” The prevalence of OA has been estimated to be 12% in people 25 and older and increases to almost 68% in people aged 65 and older. Strong OA risk factors identified by epidemiological studies include age and high body mass index .
Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia  is the most common malignancy of childhood and adolescence, with this age group comprising approximately two thirds of the 4000 total cases diagnosed annually in the United States. Over the past few decades there have been significant improvements in ALL treatment outcomes, resulting in five year event free survival rates of nearly 90%. Recent research has begun to examine more specific and functional cognitive processes.
The transforming growth factor beta  family of cytokines, including TGF β s and bone morphogenetic proteins , exerts diverse functions in many types of cells and tissues. Cells perceive TGF β signals through cell surface proteins termed type I and type II TGF β receptors , both being serine/threonine kinases. In the canonical TGF β pathway, TβRI in turn directly phosphorylates and activates downstream transcription factors called receptor regulated Smad proteins .
DNA methylation is an epigenetic mark that is critical in determining chromatin accessibility and regulating gene expression. DNA methylation, which refers to the addition of a methyl group to the fifth carbon in cytosine residues within CG dinucleotides, is involved in cell differentiation, imprinting, X chromosome inactivation, and suppression of transcriptional noise and ‘parasitic’ DNA. Abnormalities in the DNA methylation pathway are associated with pathological consequences.
Nocturia is defined by the International Continence Society  as waking at least once nightly to void, with each void preceded and followed by sleep. Its prevalence increases significantly with age, and is approximately 70% among individuals > 60 years of age. Nocturia and insomnia are inextricably linked, and it is often difficult to determine the direction of this relationship.
Travelers' diarrhea  affects 2050% of persons from developed nations who visit developing countries. Common causal organisms of parasitic diarrhea in travelers are Cryptosporidium spp., Several studies have documented a high sensitivity for DNA PCR based methods in detecting Cryptosporidium in fecal samples. Although technically more demanding, the nested PCR based on the 18S rRNA gene followed by direct sequencing offers the added advantage of characterizing the infecting organism at the species level.
Out of Hospital Cardiac Arrest is a leading cause of mortality in the United States. Patients who are treated with cardiopulmonary resuscitation  for cardiac arrest may achieve return of spontaneous circulation , which is characterized by the return of pulses after CPR and/or electrical defibrillation. However, patients may often lose pulses after ROSC, a clinically significant event termed rearrest .
Steroid receptor coactivator 3  is a member of the p160 SRC family. SRC 3 has histone acetyltransferase activity and interacts with multiple nuclear receptors and transcription factors, to regulate the expression of their target genes, including estrogen receptor , progesterone receptor , E2F1, nuclear factor kB  and activator protein 1  . SRC 3 also plays a role in EGFR signaling  .
Japanese quail is widely being used as a model  in research in a variety ofdisciplines including physiology, nutrition, endocrinology, pathology, embryology,reproduction and immunology. Physiological and anatomical parameters serve asvaluable tools for predicting outcomes consequences . Growth rate, a key morphologicalcharacteristic, has been positively correlated with robustness, physiology andbehavior of birds .
Despite a better understanding of cancer genes , the survival rates of many human tumors have only marginally improved over several decades. This likely reflects the extraordinary molecular and genetic heterogeneity of the transformed cell , which, combined with the multilayer redundancy of cancer signaling pathways , promotes cellular adaptation and multidrug resistance . These challenges are exemplified by glioblastomas, a group of heterogeneous and highly malignant primary brain tumors with survival rates that rarely exceed 12 to 15 months after diagnosis .
Kaposi sarcoma associated herpesvirus  ORF57, a homologue of HSV 1 ICP27, EBV EB2, and HCMV UL69, is a viral early protein which plays important roles at the posttranscriptional level for virus gene expression . When the KSHV genome contains a disrupted ORF57, it results in both inefficient expression of a subset of viral lytic genes and poor production of infectious virions . It is also known to form specific associations with RNA, which is facilitated by cellular proteins .
Perfluorooctanoic acid  and other perfluorochemicals  have recently been associated with adverse health effects, including carcinogenicity , hepatotoxicity , and developmental and reproductive toxicity . PFCs repel grease/oil and are used to treat clothing and carpet to prevent staining, and in the manufacturing of certain food containers and wrappers. Of note, data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey  cross sectional biomonitoring study indicated that >95% of participants had detectable serum concentrations for several PFCs  suggesting widespread human exposure .
More than half of all persons with cancer diagnoses are over the age of 65, with the incidence increasing with age. Of great concern in addressing the care of older persons with cancer are the symptoms that contribute to suffering and distress, with pain being the most common, feared, and pervasive problem. One of the goals of hospice care is a pain free death.
The fabrication of artificial organs and engineered living tissues is dependent on the ability to generate and assemble novel materials into appropriate 2 D or 3 D structures and to precisely tailor material related properties to achieve a desired clinical response. To that end, the development of artificial extracellular matrices is integral to fashioning microenvironments that are engineered for optimal mechanical and biological performance. In the late 1990s, our group was the first to demonstrate that electrospinning could be used to fabricate native and recombinant elastin mimetic proteins and native collagen into non woven fiber networks comprised of nanometer scale fibers that more closely mimic native scaffolds .
Cells in early apoptosis are normally not immunogenic, are rapidly cleared from circulation  and do not induce autoantibody production . Mice genetically defective in apoptotic cell clearance develop lupus like autoimmunity  and cells undergoing necrosis can induce production of IgG anti dsDNA antibodies in both lupus prone and normal strains of mice  . Toll like receptors  are innate immune sensors that recognize pathogen associated molecular patterns and promote immune responses .
Bile salts, multifunctional, amphipathic end products of cholesterol metabolism, vary considerably in structure between species . Most bile salts may be subdivided into three major classes    C27 bile alcohols, C27 bile acids, and C24 bile acids    based on the length of the alkyl side chain and whether the terminal polar group is a primary alcohol or a carboxylic acid . In a recent review compiled by , available information on biliary bile salt structures from about 700 vertebrate species fish, reptiles , birds, and mammals was tabulated.
Extensive coverage of human genetic variation is now readily available . The existence of publicly available sequencing data from the NIEHS SNPs Program , SeattleSNPs , HapMap ENCODE  and dense HapMap data  have provided investigators with the means to more rigorously select variants for subsequent association study. The utility of currently available genetic data resources is immense, and many successful findings have resulted .
The American Cancer Society estimates that 178,480 women were diagnosed with breast cancer in the U.S. in 2007 . Twenty to thirty percent of breast cancers exhibit amplification or overexpression of the HER2/erbB2 oncogene, which is associated with more aggressive disease and poor prognosis . Trastuzumab  is an FDA approved, recombinant, humanized monoclonal antibody that selectively binds to the extracellular domain of HER2 .
Prion diseases are fatal neurodegenerative disorders of mammals caused by the conformational conversion of the cellular, GPI linked prion protein, PrPC, into a β sheet rich, aggregated isoform known as PrPSc . This disproportionately low incidence of infection was very fortunate, yet it was unexpected by most scientists, and has led to speculation of specific risk factors associated with the vCJD infected individuals . Among such risk factors there may be genetically determined, host encoded modifiers.
Tissue factor pathway inhibitor  is a potent inhibitor of coagulation. When tissue factor  is exposed with damage to the vessel wall, it initiates coagulation via factor VII. TFPI reversibly binds and inactivates factor Xa and the TFPI Xa complex inhibits factor VIIa TF complexes.
Insulin action is essential for growth, development, and metabolism. The tyrosine phosphorylated IRS1 functions as an adaptor to activate downstream phosphoinositide 3 kinase /AKT signaling, which leads to enhancement of glucose uptake, synthesis of protein and glycogen, and execution of the growth promoting and metabolic effects of insulin. Although serine phosphorylation of IRS1 induced by insulin can function as a feedback control, other factors, such as proinflammatory cytokines, also increase phosphorylation of IRS1 and function as negative regulators.
Genetic variability in the envelope glycoproteins of HIV 1 is one of the most important obstacles to overcome in the development of an effective vaccine. These glycoproteins form a trimolecular complex of three surface gp120 molecules bound non covalently to three transmembrane gp41 molecules on the virus surface, where the trimer spike mediates cell attachment and subsequent membrane fusion events that allow the virus to enter cells . Neutralizing Abs block virus entry by binding and disabling the trimeric Env spike .
Spatial compounding techniques are widely used in ultrasound to suppress speckle noise and improve image quality . Similarly, shear compounding coherently compounds the shear elasticity maps from shear wave fields that are illuminated by shear waves with different incident angles . Shear compounding also improves the contrast of shear elasticity maps for inclusions with complex geometries and various inhomogeneities, because differently angled shear waves can illuminate and produce good elasticity maps of different parts of the inclusion, which can then be compounded to obtain a robust elasticity map of the whole inclusion .
The development of protective T cell based antitumor immunity is critically dependent upon the normal function of DCs. However, clinical results to date have yielded minimal success , and the reasons for this remain unclear . Many tumors, including human breast cancers, contain appreciable numbers of tumor infiltrating DCs   but the stimulatory capacity of these DCs is often compromised .
Reading is a learned ability specific to humans. Functional imaging studies have identified left hemisphere frontal, temporal and parietal regions that are activated during reading tasks , and cross sectional studies have reported variations in brain structure in similar areas in children as a function of reading skills . Brain maturation involves dynamic changes in gray and white matter .
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy  is increasingly used for the noninvasive assessment of cellular metabolism, both in vitro  and in vivo . Proton  MRS can measure the total choline  peak consisting of PC, GPC, free choline, and corresponding ethanolamine metabolites . In the field of cancer, MRS has emerged as a promising tool for characterizing disease and assessing response to therapy .
The receptor tyrosine kinase HER2 is amplified and/or overexpressed in 2030% of all breast cancers , leading to constitutive proliferative and survival signaling via the downstream Ras/Erk and PI3K/Akt pathways. Amplification or overexpression of HER2 is associated with poor prognosis, and perturbation of HER2 signaling with trastuzumab or lapatinib has led to clinical benefit in HER2 positive breast cancer patients . However, many patients with early stage disease experience tumor recurrence despite adjuvant treatment with trastuzumab, and patients with metastatic disease inevitably develop resistance to anti HER2 therapies .
Intracellular lipid containing structures are found in many cell types in nature. These subcellular organelles are found in the cell cytoplasm of most eukaryotic organisms, within eukaryotic plastids, and in some bacteria . The current model of eukaryotic cytosolic LD biogenesis is that they bud or “blister” off of the outer leaf of the endoplasmic reticulum  due to accumulation of neutral lipids between the leaflets of the phospholipid bilayer .
Engineered biomaterials have been developed for degradable hydrogels and advanced drug delivery, but to fully assess their effectiveness, there is a need to track their fate in vivo, noninvasively. The efficiency of a MRI CA at relaxing surrounding protons is given by its relaxivity, which describes the change in relaxation rate in the surrounding protons per unit of agent concentration. The presence of multiple Gd ions per molecule increases the local Gd concentration.
Parkinson’s disease  is a chronic neurologic disorder with cardinal motor signs of muscle rigidity, tremor, slowness of movement , and/or paucity of movement . In animal models of parkinsonism , and in idiopathic PD , GPi neurons exhibit a constellation of abnormalities in spiking activity including elevated firing rates and altered firing patterns . The mechanistic underpinnings of elevated bursting activity and its true clinical significance remain unclear, however.
Behavioral theory posits that environmental context is an important determinant of risk for substance use disorders. That is, the probability of drug use is predicted to increase as a function of decreased access to non drug related sources of reinforcement or increased availability of drugs  . Laboratory studies with nonhumans and humans show drug self administration varies inversely with availability of alternative, non drug reinforcers .
Cancer testis  antigens are a category of tumor antigens with restricted expression in normal testis and active expression in various types of tumors due to disruption of gene regulation . Currently, approximately 20 CT antigens or antigen families have been identified by T cell epitope cloning, serological expression cloning, and differential mRNA expression analysis . Mage3 has been characterized as a more frequently expressed CT antigen in many tumors, including melanoma, non small cell lung carcinoma, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, and hepatocellular carcinoma .
Methadone maintenance is one of the most widespread treatments for opioiddependence. However, conclusions based on observational group comparisonstudies can be limited due to lack of experimental control, individual differencesin patient populations, and selection biases for groups. An experimental design inwhich cognitive performance is assessed as a function of time relative to methadonedosing would be helpful in determining the effect of methadone itself oncognition .
The latest view of philosophers is that color is an objective material property  not a subjective experience. However, those who study visual perception know that surrounding colors have a great influence on color perception . Opponent color signals travel from retina to V1 through the parvocellular neurons of the lateral geniculate nucleus .
Infants in the neonatal intensive care unit  are exposed to a large number of medications, most of which are not labeled for use in infants because clinical trials for safety, dosing, and efficacy of drugs are lacking in this population. Hospitalized infants are often excluded from clinical trials due to ethical concerns and difficulties with recruitment. Furthermore, these hospitalized infants in the NICU are more likely to be pre term, with greater proportions exhibiting renal and hepatic dysfunction.
Since the introduction of cytological screening in the 1940s, the incidence of cervical carcinoma has declined in many developed countries . Nevertheless, prospective studies of cervical neoplasia suggest that HPV infection alone is not responsible for tumor development and additional genetic or epigenetic changes in tumor cells are required for tumorigenesis  . The fragile histidine triad  gene is a candidate tumor suppressor gene located at chromosome 3p14.2 and encompassing the FRA3B common fragile site .
Theoretical advances in cognitive science have recently been applied to intervention research  and translated into curricula designed to promote metacognition and use of analytic strategies in adolescents’ general decision making . Proponents of fuzzy trace theory  and dual process models  generally support this view . Improving problem recognition not only has implications for increasing internal motivation, but motivation to change is a consistent predictor of engagement in therapeutic activities .
The inbred DBA/2J  mouse strain is a well established model of spontaneously elevated intraocular pressure , progressive glaucomatous loss of retinal ganglion cells , and early damage of RGC axons at the level of optic nerve head, which represent the hallmarks of glaucoma . Photoreceptors, horizontal, and bipolar cells remain histologically intact . D2 mice develop iris atrophy and pigment dispersion due to mutations of two genes, Gpnmb and Tyrp1.
2,3,7,8 Tetracholordibenzo p dioxin  is a potent and persistent environmental toxicant, which produces a variety of biological effects in animal and cellular models . Of these effects, immune suppression including inhibition of B lymphocyte differentiation into antibody secreting cells is one of the most sensitive consequences of TCDD exposure . The CH12.LX B cell line has provided a useful model in studying the effects of TCDD on Ig expression in B cells and has lead to the identification of a novel transcriptional target of TCDD: the Ig heavy chain  locus .
The ε4 allele of the apolipoprotein E gene  is the strongest known genetic risk factor for late onset Alzheimer's disease  . Other genetic factors, such as APOE promoter polymorphisms have been reported to be associated with AD, including −491, −427, −219 , and +113 . In addition to the APOE core promoter, other cis regulatory elements of APOE have been characterized, which include multienhancer 1 and 2 , that influence APOE regulation in macrophages and adipocytes , hepatic control regions, HCR1 and HCR2, that play a role in APOE regulation in the liver , and a brain control region  that can modulate APOE expression in neurons and microglial  .
Although prostate cancer is the most frequent malignancy detected in men in Western Countries, there is a general lack of information regarding the molecular mechanisms involved in the progression of this cancer. To identify the cellular processes and proteins that are involved in the development of prostate cancers, tissue expression microarrays have been used to monitor the changes in gene expression during malignant transformation. Furthermore the highest level of myosin VI expression was detected in medium grade androgen dependent prostate cancers, whereas androgen independent more advanced and aggressive cancers show less dramatic over expression .
Several methods have been established that enable the production of transgenic livestock including pronuclear injection, intracytoplasmic sperm injection , sperm mediated gene transfer and somatic cell nuclear transfer . These methodologies, each having advantages, have all been utilized to create transgenic large animals. In recent years, SCNT has primarily been used due to several advantages such as the lack of mosaic transgene integration  and SCNT is the only method to knock out  a gene in domestic animals   The efficiency of SCNT to create transgenic clones relies heavily on the ability to make genetic modifications to the somatic cell genome prior to nuclear transfer.
Schizophrenia is a debilitating psychiatric disorder that typically strikes in early adulthood, likely due to a disturbance of synaptic maturation or stabilization processes that normally occur in dendritic spines during adolescence . Indeed, postmortem examinations from the brains of schizophrenia patients reveal a reduction in cortical thickness that results from a loss of dendrites and dendritic spines . Thus, a comprehensive understanding of the cellular and molecular mechanisms that control synapse development and dendritic spine stability should lead to better strategies to treat and prevent schizophrenia .
Many everyday objects involve distinctive manipulations with certain motor movements appropriate to their intended usage. A doorknob, for instance, is typically associated with grabbing and turning motions. In an eye tracking study, participants looked at the manipulation related picture  significantly more often than the unrelated ones  or the visual control  when asked to touch the corresponding object on a display in response to an auditory input .
Several chronic inflammatory diseases affecting the gastro intestinal tract, as well as a variety of other organ systems, are associated with alterations in gut microbiota composition, suggesting involvement of the microbiota in these disorders . Such studies indicate that innate immunity maintainins a healthy gut microbiota composition, thus avoiding development of chronic inflammation. For example, loss of the flagellin receptor toll like receptor 5  results in increased levels of flagellated microbes that promotes low grade inflammation, metabolic syndrome and colitis .
Hypertension affects 30% of adults in Western populations and predisposes to myocardial infarction, stroke, heart failure and renal failure., Despite the prevalence of this disease, the etiology of hypertension in most adults is unknown and perturbations of the central nervous system, the kidney and the vasculature have been implicated. Adoptive transfer of T cells restores hypertension in these animals. have shown that T cells play a role in hypertension in Dahl salt sensitive rats.
An increased demand for recombinant proteins in research and biopharmaceutical applications has led to increased production of these biomolecules, which in turn requires fast, effective purification processes. Moreover, scale up of membrane separations can occur relatively easily by increasing membrane surface area, and the large pores and small thicknesses of membranes result in a low pressure drop. , Bhut and Husson modified regenerated cellulose membranes with poly brushes to form anion exchange membranes with a remarkable dynamic binding capacity of 130 mg of BSA per cm3 of membrane.
Currently in the US, up to 60% of all pregnancies occur in women who are either overweight or obese at conception . This poses a significant public health concern as maternal obesity adversely affects the immediate health of both the mother and offspring . Further support for developmental programming imprinted by maternal obesity comes from observations that children born to women following weight loss after bariatric surgery have diminished risk of obesity compared to children born to the same women prior to the surgery when they were obese .
Type 2  diabetes mellitus  is an emerging epidemic in Western cultures that is thought to afflict 150 million people worldwide . Insulin resistance is frequently accompanied by a variety of metabolic and cardiovascular abnormalities that include hypertension, glucose intolerance, Type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, atherosclerosis and central obesity. A number of studies that employ strength training regimens have been shown to improve glycemic control, increase skeletal muscle size and strength, and positively change body composition.
The impact of a postoperative troponin elevation on long term survival after vascular surgery is not well defined. We hypothesize that a postoperative troponin elevation is associated with significantly reduced long term survival . The Vascular Study Group of New England registry identified all patients who underwent carotid revascularization, open abdominal aortic aneurysm repair , endovascular AAA repair, or infrainguinal lower extremity bypass .
Excessive renal sympathetic nerve activity  has been proposed to be a final common pathway for the genesis of hypertension, the largest global contributor to premature death. The sympathetic nervous system appears to be especially important in individuals with an exaggerated response to dietary NaCl , whether this results from genetic or acquired factors., Norepinephrine infusion in animals reduces urinary sodium excretion and increases blood pressure, but these effects may not reflect direct stimulation of salt reabsorption by renal tubules. Additional effects of the sympathetic nervous system on the renal vasculature may also contribute, by altering renal hemodynamics.
The Monopolar spindle one binder  family of zinc binding proteins is conserved from yeast to humans . The founding Mob members, S. cerevisiae Mob1p and Mob2p, activate Dbf 2 kinases and facilitate exit from mitosis . Mob isoforms have also been localized to neuronal dendrites in mammals, where NDR  kinases regulate dendritic branching .
Leukocyte telomere length has been inversely associated with multiple diseases including osteoporosis, hypertension, myocardial infarction , coronary heart disease , type 2 diabetes , and Alzheimer’s disease. Growing evidence suggests that telomere length plays a critical role in cellular aging, . As loss of telomeric DNA is impacted by cell division and oxidative stress, and induces cellular senescence, telomere length has been postulated as a biomarker of senescence and human aging in many published studies, .
Subject specific musculoskeletal models are essential to biomedical research and clinical applications, such as customized joint replacement , computer aided surgery , gait analysis  and automated image segmentation . For example, reliability and wear of implants are dependent upon the stress distribution in the bone , which is primarily determined by implant properties . In gait analysis, a realistic geometrical model is the first step towards creating an accurate musculoskeletal model  .
Recombinant adeno associated virus  is a nonpathogenic parvovirus that has shown great promise for efficient gene delivery to both dividing and nondividing cells of many tissues. With new rAAV serotypes continuing to be identified, the ability to target specific cell types within a given organ is also expanding. It is generally accepted that rAAV genomes integrate at a low frequency and that the majority of genomes remain episomal, as either linear or circular concatamers.
Warfarin  is an anticoagulant with a narrow therapeutic window and wide inter individual response. Several pharmacogenetic algorithms incorporate SNPs in both genes , but these SNPs alone explain only one third of the variability in warfarin dose . Incorporating other SNPs may further improve the accuracy of warfarin dosing  .
The complement system is an essential element of the innate immune system . C4 has two isotypic forms, C4A and C4B, encoded by loci in the MHC class III region on chromosome 6. A C4 gene duplication is always concurrent with its neighboring genes RP at the 5' region and CYP21 and TNX at the 3' region .
Physiological signals are transduced from the outside of a cell to the cytoplasm through transmembrane receptors. Mutations in these receptor proteins, such as G protein coupled receptors , can lead to many diseases and many receptors drug targets,. This provided support for the study of isolated fragments.
Fibrosis is a common feature of many systemic inflammatory conditions and can also occur as a primary progressive disease. Fibrosis can lead to organ dysfunction and significant morbidity. Unfortunately, despite intense investigation, we still have a poor understanding of the pathogenesis of tissue fibrosis and fibrotic diseases are difficult to treat.
Chronic changes in electrical excitability profoundly affect synaptic transmission during development and throughout life. Neurons adapt to changing electrical activity patterns in a plastic manner by up  or down regulating subsequent synaptic signaling. This activity dependent plasticity takes on many forms, from Hebbian feed forward strengthening of synapses to homeostatic depression of global synaptic activity.
The nucleus accumbens , a key brain reward region, is important for integrating sensory and cognitive inputs that drive motivationally relevant behaviors in response to environmental stimuli . The NAc also has been implicated in behavioral abnormalities associated with drug addiction and depression. Accordingly, targeting the NAc with deep brain stimulation  has been shown to alleviate depression  and addiction like behaviors in both humans and rodents  .
Axotomy is a principal pathology generated by traumatic brain injury , resulting in synaptic deafferentation , and inducing synapse reorganization at sites of terminal loss . Surrounding ECM forms the environment where immune molecules operate, and stabilizes synaptic structure . Among immune mediators of synaptogenic onset, both chemokines and cytokines are critical .
Stroke is the fourth leading cause of death and the leading cause of serious long term disability in adults in the United States . Intravenous thrombolysis therapy with tissue plasminogen activator , the only FDA approved treatment for ischemic strokes, is severely limited by its short therapeutic time window of less than 4.5 h . Vascular remodeling triggered by reduction of blood flow is a major endogenous defense mechanism in the brain following stroke.
Mitochondrial permeabilization and cyt c release are key events that trigger caspase activation and apoptosis in mammalian cells . Strictly regulating apoptosis after the point of cyt c release is particularly important for neurons so that they can recover from any mitochondrial damage and survive long term . Neurons have been shown to strictly inhibit caspases by the X linked Inhibitor of Apoptosis Protein  and by the maintenance of a highly reduced cellular environment that prevents cyt c oxidation and restricts its pro apoptotic activity .
Semaphorins are a large class of secreted or membrane associated proteins that act as chemotactic cues for cell migration and axon guidance . Although best characterized in the nervous system , they are widely expressed in other tissues where they have a role in angiogenesis, organogenesis, and immune cell regulation . There is a growing body of evidence suggesting that semaphorins and their receptors may play a regulatory role in carcinogenesis  .
Candida species are a leading cause of infectious disease related morbidity and mortality in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. , The incidence of candidemia in extremely low birth weight neonates  is 7% and the incidence is 12% in neonates < 750 g birth weight. Candidemia has an attributable mortality of 2030% and frequently results in severe morbidity, including neurodevelopmental impairment, among survivors .
Native collaterals are pre existing arteriole to arteriole anastomoses that bridge adjacent arterial trees in healthy tissues. Evidence suggests that conductance of the collateral circulation also differs greatly in healthy humans. Surprisingly, no studies have examined when  these unique vessels form.
Geobacter sulfurreducens biofilms are a well studied electro chemically active biofilm system that utilizes conductive elements to respire on electrodes . One of the more recent tools used to analyze the conductivity or electron transfer capability of G.sulfurreducens biofilms is electrochemical impedance spectroscopy . EIS measures the impedance response of the biofilm to small AC perturbations in polarization potential.
Within the antioxidant system, manganese superoxide dismutase  is found in the mitochondrial matrix, from which approximately 75% of cellular superoxide  is generated. Cancer cells almost always express low levels of MnSOD and if the activity of MnSOD is increased, the phenotype of cancer cells should be at least partially reversed as hypothesized by Oberley and Buettner . H2O2 may be the effector species involved in the tumor suppressive effect of MnSOD due to the fact that addition of pyruvate, a scavenger of H2O2, can enhance the proliferation of MnSOD overexpressing cells .
The use of microfluidic platforms for screening and assays has become an important part of the analytical toolbox  . In recent years, droplet based systems are showing increasing utility as they allow for sample aliquoting on chip and for carrying out many simultaneous experiments on the samples with no inter sample mixing  . At present, techniques for encapsulation of species within aqueous droplets have matured  .
Mature human immunodeficiency virus type 1  protease  is an aspartic protease that is responsible for processing the Gag and Gag Pol polyproteins to yield mature proteins required for viral maturation. Mutational and structural studies of essential conserved residues have contributed, directly or indirectly, to the structure based design of HIV 1 PR inhibitors. Therefore, inhibitors designed to interact with such essential residues are expected to be more effective under drug pressure.
The congenital long QT syndrome  is an inherited channelopathy that is characterized by a prolonged corrected QT interval  and an increased predisposition for polymorphic ventricular arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death  in young individuals without structural heart disease. Genetic mutations leading to LQTS have been identified in 12 susceptibility genes, with the LQT1 3 genotypes comprising more than 95% of genotype positive LQTS. Prior studies have shown that prolongation of the corrected QT interval  is a major risk factor for arrhythmic events in LQTS patients.
KRAS is a small G protein that acts as a transducer in the epidermal growth factor receptor  signaling pathway . Approximately 40% of colorectal cancers  harbor activating mutations in KRAS, making it the most commonly mutated gene in the RAS/RAF/MAPK pathway. Most  KRAS mutations occur in codons 12 and 13 in the phosphate binding loop of KRAS , and mutations in either codon possess transforming capacity .
Attempts and approaches at manipulating p53 activity in treating human cancer have been numerous and diverse. For example, viral mediated introduction and expression of wild type TP53 in p53 defective tumor cells has been extensively investigated for more than a decade, including through clinical trial activity . Alternative approaches for increasing tumor cell wild type p53 activity include the use of small molecules that promote p53 transcription, and the use of compounds that inhibit p53’s interaction with mdm2  .
Dysregulation of apoptosis in the bone marrow is a central feature in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome  . TRAIL  induces apoptosis preferentially in neoplastic cells . However, many tumors show resistance to TRAIL , due to various mechanisms.
HMN 176  4 { amino] stilbazole} 1 oxide) is a newly synthesized sulfonamide derivative that exhibits potent anti proliferative activity in human tumor cell lines, especially breast, non small cell lung, and ovarian tumors . The drug is also cytotoxic to drug resistant human and murine cell lines . Additional evidence that HMN 176 inhibits cell proliferation, in part, via its effects on transcriptional regulation, is suggested from cDNA microarray analyses of human ovarian carcinoma lines, in which the drug is reported to up  or down regulate expression of a number of genes .
Stroke is a major cause of serious, long term disability in the United States, with an estimated 795,000 strokes occurring every year. Like older individuals, young people with stroke often experience decreased participation in major life roles and responsibilities., Displacement from productive work and community roles has substantial financial and health consequences as individuals live longer with stroke . Nearly 50% of previously working individuals either never attempt to return to work following mild stroke or are met with failure when they do.
Retinal ganglion cells  carry different aspects of visual signals from retina to visual cortex through separated parallel synaptic pathways. Glutamate activates metabotropic glutamate receptors on cone ON BCs and rod BCs and thereby hyperpolarizes the membrane potentials of these cells. All ON RGCs only synapse with ON BCs in the sublamina b of the IPL and all OFF RGC only synapse with OFF BCs in the sublamina a of the IPL .
Pediatric anxiety disorders affect approximately 10 15% of children and adolescents, and are associated with significant, enduring impairment, Although research on pediatric anxiety disorders is rapidly growing, knowledge of pathophysiology remains limited. The emotional Stroop is based on principles of cognitive interference; attention bias is manifested by longer response times for color naming of threat vs. positive or neutral words. The stimuli then disappear and one is replaced by a target probe.
Military veterans who participated in atmospheric nuclear weapons testing conducted by the United States between 1945 and 1963 are being studied for late occurring health effects. The study cohort consists of 115,329 individuals who were present in one or more of seven test series: CASTLE, CROSSROADS, GREENHOUSE, REDWING, and HARDTACK I conducted at the Bikini and Enewetak Atolls and Johnston Island in the Pacific Proving Grounds ; UPSHOT KNOTHOLE and PLUMBBOB conducted at the Nevada Test Site ; and TRINITY, the first nuclear test, conducted in New Mexico . The NTPR program was initiated in 1978 following a series of public laws that were approved by Congress and published under the Code of Federal Regulations .
Despite high survival rates for early stage breast cancer, it is still the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the United States. This is due to the poor survival associated with late stage, invasive disease and treatment resistant breast cancers. Several reports identified the RON  receptor tyrosine kinase, a MET family member, as an important driver of breast tumorigenesis.
Clostridium difficile is an anaerobic spore forming rod shaped gram positive bacterium that can infect both humans and animals. Over the past decade, there has been a progressive increase in the prevalence, severity, and mortality of CDI worldwide. Certain C. difficile strains, including the BI/NAP1/027 strain, also produce a binary toxin CDT, which is formed by two separate, unlinked polypeptide subunits, CDTa and CDTb .
Monoclonal antibody  L8A4 binds specifically to the epidermal growth factor receptor variant III  that is present on gliomas but not normal tissues, and is internalized rapidly after receptor binding. Because of the short range of its β emissions, labeling this mAb with177Lu would be an attractive approach for the treatment of residual tumor margins remaining after surgical debulking of brain tumors . L8A4 mAb was labeled with 177Lu using the acyclic ligands  trans  cyclohexane 1,2 diamine  pentaacetic acid  and 2  6 methyldiethylene  triaminepentaacetic acid , and the macrocyclic ligands S 2  1,4,7,10 tetraazacyclododecane tetraacetic acid  and α  1,4,7,10 tetraazacyclododecane 1,4,7,10  tetraacetic acid .
With recognition that the nucleus tractus solitarii  is the primary site of termination of cardiovascular reflex afferent nerves , electrophysiological and anatomical studies contributed to an understanding of reflex transmission from those afferents to NTS neurons and beyond. Amongst the sites to which the NTS projects and from which it receives afferent projections is the cerebral cortex . Because lesions affecting cortical areas are known to produce autonomic dysfunction and, at times, sudden cardiac death , the reciprocal connections could be critically important in clinical medicine .
Nef, an accessory protein expressed by HIV and other primate lentiviruses, plays an essential role in viral pathogenesis,. Nef defective HIV strains have been isolated from infected patients that remain asymptomatic for long periods in the absence of antiretroviral therapy, providing strong evidence that Nef is a critical virulence factor for HIV pathogenesis. Taken together, these studies provide a strong rationale for the discovery and development of a new generation of HIV therapeutics targeting Nef .
The RAS RAF mitogen activated protein kinase /extra cellular signal regulated kinase  kinase  ERK and phosphoinositide 3 kinase  PTEN AKT signaling pathways play central roles in the signal transduction networks promoting tumor initiation and tumor progression. This is highlighted by the high frequency of mutations of RAS, RAF, PI3KCA, AKT, and PTEN as well as amplification of AKT present in a broad spectrum of human malignancies . For example, abolishing signal transduction through MEK offers the potential advantage of inhibiting both proliferation promoting and antiapoptotic signals originating from either activated cell surface receptors or mutant RAS and B RAF.
Glutamate is an endogenous excitatory neurotransmitter, and it was estimated that this neurotransmitter is utilized by as many as one third of the synapses in the central nervous system . Glutamate can induce cytotoxicity via two different pathways. The other pathway involves the inhibition by extracellular glutamate  of cystine uptake mediated by the glutamate/cystine antiporter, which subsequently results in low intracellular glutathione  levels and culminates in oxidative stress and cell death .
Vertebrate vision is based on two physiologically different photoreceptor cell types: rods and cones. cGMP hydrolysis by activated PDE6 leads to a closure of cGMP gated channels in the plasma membrane and generates an electrical signal . The turn off and recovery of the visual signal are achieved by reactions inactivating R* and the Gαt1GTP/PDE6 complex, and restoration of cGMP levels through Ca2+  dependent activation of retinal guanylate cyclases.
During the first human H5N1 outbreak in 1997, 18 cases of H5N1 influenza A infection in humans were confirmed, and more than 300 infected individuals have been diagnosed since 2003. Studies of patients infected with H5N1 influenza have shown that systemic viral replication can occur  . However, viral antigen has not been detected consistently outside the respiratory tract of humans .
Glutamate is the major excitatory neurotransmitter and essential for many functions in the mammalian central nervous system . Glutamate receptors can be divided into two classes: ionotropic glutamate receptors and metabotropic glutamate receptors  . Eight mGluR subtypes have been identified and classified into three distinct groups based on pharmacology and sequence homology.
Regeneration is a process by which damaged or lost structures are perfectly or near perfectly replaced . In classic models of regeneration, this process follows a pattern of epithelial migration to cover the wound, formation of a regeneration blastema and ultimately proliferation and cell differentiation leading to replacement of the lost or damaged structure. The zebrafish  caudal fin has become a valuable model for studying regeneration.
The interplay between the immune system and cancer is an ongoing focus of scientific interest. Increasing evidence indicates that dysregulation of the immune system, as for example found in allergic and autoimmune disorders, can affect survival of cells in developing tumors . This observation suggests that the cancer rates in individuals affected by such disorders might be different from those in individuals that do not suffer from allergies or autoimmune diseases.
Most of our understanding of sound representation in cerebral cortex comes from experiments using synthetic acoustic stimuli . The small number of experiments that have, in fact, evaluated functional models using complex natural sounds have reported that the ability of current models to generalize to novel natural stimuli is quite limited  . Typically, STRFs are estimated using synthetic broadband stimuli .
Polyunsaturated fatty acids have multiple regulatory actions within cells including activating cellular signaling pathways and regulating gene expression. Yet, the ability of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids to activate AMPK in all tissues is not uniformly observed and a role for AMPK in regulating the transcription of glucose responsive genes is controversial . Glucose 6 phosphate dehydrogenase  is the rate limiting enzyme in the pentose phosphate pathway.
The yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae has been used as a model eukaryote to study the aging process for 50 years . Replicative life span is defined as the number of divisions a cell undergoes before becoming senescent. Like in other organisms, chronological aging in yeast results from a series of time  and metabolism dependent changes that result in reduced viability, and is distinguished from loss of viability due to the secondary effects of deleterious mutations or adverse environmental factors .
Tumor hypoxia is known to contribute to tumor radioresistance and poor clinical outcomes . The biological cornerstone of these hypoxia specific stress responses is the hypoxia inducible factor  family of transcription factors . HIF 1, the best studied member, is a heterodimer consisting of a tightly regulated HIF 1α subunit and a constitutively expressed HIF 1β subunit.
Methadone is an evidence based medication for the treatment of opioid dependence, and has been available in the U.S. for over four decades., In its early stages of adoption, buprenorphine tended to be used by populations with insurance coverage, and patients relying on the publicly funded treatment sector often did not have equal access to buprenorphine when it first became available. Several years after the BBI was initiated, Maryland expanded its state Medicaid Program to cover certain outpatient substance abuse treatment services, including methadone. Under the new policies, access to both medications was rapidly expanded.
As access to antiretroviral drugs is expanding in sub Saharan Africa and second line treatments are often not readily available in the setting, it is imperative that adequate assessment on the prevalence and transmission of drug resistance mutations is performed to ensure optimization of treatment efficacy . Antiretroviral therapy  has been successful in suppressing the human immunodeficiency virus , however it fails to completely eliminate HIV from infected individuals and often elicits drug resistant variants. These mutations found in less than 20% are not detectable by standard genotyping sequencing techniques .
Autism is defined by impairments in the areas of social interaction and communication and marked by the presence of a restricted repertoire of behavioral activities and interest. Although not identified as a core phenotype of autism spectrum disorders , face processing and recognition is thought to be a relative area of weakness for many individuals with ASD . Briefly, alterations in face processing in ASD may include: biases toward high spatial frequency information in faces ; reduced configural processing of faces ; alternative patterns of attention to features within the face such as atypical or reduced eye attention ; and differential patterns of responses to familiar vs. unfamiliar faces .
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease  is a major cause of chronic liver disease. It encompasses a spectrum of histopathology, including hepatic steatosis  and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis . The liver harbors resident populations of cells that regulate innate immune responses.
One dimensional semiconductor nanostructures such as quantum wires  and quantum rods ,  have been attracting significant interest over the last decade due to their tunable optical properties, which in turn give rise to applications in biomedical fields ranging from multiplex imaging to sensors, . For example, CdSe quantum rods were prepared by solution techniques using structure directing agents, metallic nanoparticles, micellar templating techniques, etc, . These include larger absorption cross section, and larger surface area per particle, which facilitates conjugation with multiple active molecules .
The study of RNA enzymes, or ribozymes, is of considerable interest due to their importance in biology, their evolutionary implications, and potential impact for the design of drugs and new biomedical technology. , The hammerhead ribozyme , ,  is a small self cleaving ribozyme derived from RNA discovered in satellites of various plant virus genomes. The catalytic activity of HHR motifs have promise in a number of biomedical applications.
The phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase  pathway plays an integral role in the regulation of many key cellular processes, mediating proliferation, differentiation, intracellular signaling, and glucose metabolism . Accordingly, several PI3K inhibitors are currently in clinical trials with promising results in glioblastoma, breast, hematological and non small cell lung cancer studies  . Magnetic resonance spectroscopy  is a noninvasive, radiation free method that has been valuable for informing on biochemical composition of cancer cells and providing metabolic imaging biomarkers of cell transformation and response to treatment .
Suicide is an enormous public health problem in the United States and around the world. Each year over 30,000 people in the United States and approximately 1 million people worldwide die by suicide, making it one of the leading causes of death . A recent report from the Institute of Medicine  estimated that in the United States the value of lost productivity due to suicide is $11.8 billion per year .
The global burden of morbidity and mortality from hepatitis C virus  infection is truly pandemic . There is no vaccine for the prevention of HCV infection and current therapeutic regimens for HCV infection are limited by efficacy, cost, and treatment side effects. HCV is transmitted primarily through percutaneous exposure to blood contaminated with HCV.
Chronic viral infections, such as those caused by human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis C virus , and hepatitis B virus  are among the leading causes of death in the world . In the United States, there are approximately four million people with persistent hepatitis C infection and more than ten thousand HCV related deaths each year, with mortality from HCV expected to double in this decade and possibly surpass that caused by HIV  . This permits comparison of immune responses between those individuals who successfully control the infection and those who fail.
In order to help educators and policy makers build the primary care physician work force, researchers must systematically evaluate medical students’ reasons for choosing primary care or specialty practice. ’s theoretical model of specialty choice suggests that both student “needs” and “perceptions” are important in formulating career decisions. In summary, primary care oriented students have different beliefs about the value of primary care.
Prostate cancer  is the most frequently diagnosed malignant tumor and was the second leading cause of cancer related death in American men in 2011. However, one of the most troubling aspects of this disease is that after hormone treatment, the tumor inevitably progresses from an androgen dependent  to an incurable castration resistant  form . Some miRNAs have also been reported to be aberrantly expressed in human CaP .
The apolipoprotein E  ε4 allele on chromosome 19 is a major genetic risk factor for late onset Alzheimer’s disease  that may account for as much as 50% of the risk for developing the disease . Non demented APOE ε4 carriers show subtle functional and structural brain differences  and cognitive changes  that may reflect a prodromal phase of AD. By contrast, young ε4 carriers have been shown to demonstrate better episodic memory performance and reduced learning  and retrieval related activity , suggesting that the negative effects of the APOE ε4 allele accelerate with age .
Pancreatic carcinoma is the fourth leading cause of cancer related deaths in the United States today . Most patients are diagnosed with advanced disease at a time when very little can be done to extend life expectancy beyond 5 6 months in inoperable cases ). Indeed, the anti AK drug VX 680 demonstrates potent, selective cytotoxicity and suppression of pancreatic tumor growth in xenografted mice .
The neurohypophysial hormone vasopressin  is the hormonal regulator of water homeostasis and has major effects on behaviour and vascular tone . The mPVN together with the supraoptic  nuclei of the hypothalamus constitute the neurohypophysial system that is the primary source of Avp and the related peptide oxytocin  released into the systemic circulation from neurons terminating in the posterior pituitary. Under basal conditions about 50% of these neurons also express Avp .
It is generally accepted that the tendency of insulin to self associate in solution is strongly enhanced in the presence of zinc ion , which is normally present at a concentration of ca 0.2 mM in human serum . In particular, under conditions where zinc free insulin exists in monomeric form, insulin in the presence of zinc is thought to exist primarily as a hexamer binding two moles of zinc per mole of hexamer . The concentration dependent self association of bovine Zn insulin at pH 7.0 was previously studied by Milthorpe et al  via sedimentation equilibrium over the concentration range 0.03  0.6 mg/ml, who reported that over this concentration range the sedimentation equilibrium could be accounted for by an equilibrium between monomer and hexamer.
Synchronization of cortical areas in the human brain plays an important role in the understanding of the computational basis for human cognition . However, coupling across frequencies would allow for much more complex cortico cortical interactions  and has been examined in brain signals . Cross frequency coupling in the human brain suggests nonlinear interaction and it is speculated that such interactions play a crucial role in the coordination of complex cortical computation.
Neuronal exocytosis is a highly regulated Ca2+ triggered process involving the membrane fusion of synaptic vesicles with the presynaptic plasma membrane. There is strong evidence that the synaptic vesicle protein synaptotagmin 1  acts as the Ca2+ sensor for this process ; ; ; . Synaptotagmin 1 consists of two tandem cytosolic C2 domains, C2A and C2B, that are anchored to the synaptic vesicle by a single transmembrane helical pass .
Spiral ganglion neurons  transmit primary acoustic information from cochlear hair cells to the brain. Two main categories of SGN are commonly recognized: the large, bipolar type I, which make up ~9095% of the entire ganglionic population, and the smaller sized, pseudomonopolar type II . The central processes of SGNs bifurcate into ascending and descending branches within the CN and maintain a tonotopic map .
Over the past several years, three different laboratories have independently isolated mitotically active germ cells from juvenile and adult mouse ovaries that can be propagated ex vivo , generate what appear to be oocytes in defined cultures in vitro , and differentiate into fertilization competent eggs after intraovarian transplantation in vivo . Although more experiments are needed to define the exact physiological contribution of these newly discovered cells to adult ovarian function and perhaps aging related ovarian failure, the now large body of evidence from multiple laboratories supporting the existence and functionality of mammalian OSCs provides a strong impetus to characterize these cells more rigorously  . One approach to do this, which has proven extremely useful for exploration of mammalian spermatogonial stem cell biology , is to establish and propagate OSCs under defined conditions ex vivo.
Peer relationships provide a socialization context of great importance during adolescence, in part because adolescents who are similar to one another tend to aggregate in groups and to influence one another’s behavior in those groups . Concurrent links between social standing in the peer group  and youth behavior  are well documented . However, less is known about the stability of social standing in the peer group, individual characteristics that may predict changes in social standing, and implications of changes in social standing for subsequent behavior.
Copy number alterations represent a substantial category of genetic variation. A powerful way to find cancer genes is to identify genomic regions with recurrent copy number alterations  in tumor genomes. Indeed, hybridization of genomic DNA to oligonucleotide microarrays can reveal genome wide copy number changes, .
Disclosure of HIV status among people who test positive for HIV has important implications for preventing new HIV infections and for the treatment, care and support of people living with HIV/AIDS  . The potential preventive health benefits of disclosure have been emphasized in health research and programs  with a particular focus on HIV disclosure to sexual partners  . There is mixed evidence that disclosure to sexual partners leads to sexual risk behavior change .
Mental disorders are leading causes of disability in the U.S. , and antidepressant medications are a mainstay of treatment for depressive and anxiety disorders . However, many people do not receive effective treatment, particularly ethnic minorities . Substantial racial and ethnic differences in access to and quality of mental health care have been reported, including antidepressant pharmacotherapy , and the substantial general under treatment of mental disorders is even greater for black Americans .
Rapid economic growth, including that of the alcohol industry combined with poor regulatory policies, multiple health risk factors, such as infectious diseases and malnutrition, and inadequate public health resources make alcohol related problems especially significant in developing countries . Alcohol production and consumption in India have shown increasing trends . Studies in India have used alcohol screening measures, primarily the AUDIT , to examine hazardous alcohol use, defined as an alcohol consumption pattern that increases the risk of harmful consequences for the user and others , and to assess harmful drinking or alcohol abuse.
Primary vaginal cancer occurs predominantly in post menopausal women over the age of 60 and accounts for less than 2% of gynecological cancers diagnosed . Squamous cell carcinoma, which arises from the epithelial lining of the vaginal tract, accounts for 7095% of primary vaginal tumors . Treatment options for primary squamous cell carcinoma of the vagina  depend on the progression of the disease.
Humoral immune responses play a major role in conferring naturally acquired immunity to malaria . While the complex nature of the parasite  and the high degree of antigenic variation  certainly contribute to this apparently impaired generation of humoral immune memory, there is also increasing evidence that the malaria parasite actively alters B cell function . In malaria endemic areas, expansion of atypMBCs appears to be linked to both cumulative duration and frequency of parasite exposure .
At a physiological level, endothelin  1 plays an important role in the control of fluid volume balance and blood pressure. Systemically, ETB receptors clear ET 1 from the circulation and protect against ETA receptor dependent vasoconstriction, cell proliferation, matrix accumulation, and inflammation. Recent clinical studies have suggested that ETA antagonists may be a useful therapeutic approach for proteinuric renal disease, but the precise mechanism of action is not known.
Type II diabetes mellitus  is a metabolic disorder with multiple derangements in metabolic and immune pathways that predisposes individuals to cardiovascular disease. While glycemic control is of paramount importance, recent data indicate that broad pleiotropic strategies that target multiple pathways are more likely to succeed in the reducing cardiovascular risk in these patients. Emerging evidence suggests an important role for theincretin hormone, glucagon like peptide , in the regulation of post prandial glycemic control and satiety.
Obesity is associated with expansion of metabolically active adipose tissues leading to local and systemic inflammation, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia, all of which can contribute to cardiovascular disease. In addition to these systemic effects, obesity is associated with expansion of perivascular adipose tissue  immediately adjacent to the adventitia of large arteries. PVAT is anatomically co localized with atherosclerotic lesions in humans, correlating with plaque burden and vascular calcification,.
LRP1 is a multifunctional member of the LDL receptor gene family that interacts with numerous ligands. Ligand engagement can result in either removal of the ligand from the extracellular environment or stimulation of specific intracellular signaling pathways. Determination of the contribution of LRP1 to vascular diseases was hindered initially by the embryonic lethality of whole body deletion.
Chronic hyperactivation of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal  axis results in long term exposure to elevated circulating glucocorticoids, which exert long lasting and often detrimental effects on an organism’s growth and development , immune functioning , reproduction , mood and addictive tendencies , and cognitive functioning. Higher blood cortisol levels predict poorer cognitive performance in healthy aged subjects . found that small but significant increases in salivary cortisol across sampling periods on a single day of assessment were related to better memory on a contingency learning task .
Diagnosis of the sporadic form of the fatal motor neuron degenerative disorder amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  depends on clinical criteria and electromyographic evaluation for definitive confirmation. Mounting evidence suggests a link between the Nogo A protein and ALS. Nogo A is best known for its role as a myelin associated inhibitor of nerve sprouting and regeneration .
Pseudomonas aeruginosa remains a significant cause of nosocomial infection and septic mortality in patients admitted to the intensive care units . Since the early 1980s, the incidence of P. aeruginosa pneumonia has been steadily rising. Among the virulence factors described is the type III protein secretory system .
CD81 is a ubiquitously expressed member of the tetraspanin superfamily of proteins. These associations are thought to occur mainly in membrane compartments such as lipid rafts and tetraspanin enriched microdomains , thereby forming a membrane network known as the “tetraspanin web”. Through its direct association with CD19, CD81 participates in the B cell coreceptor, a complex of integral membrane proteins  that lowers the threshold of activation of the B cell receptor in response to opsonized antigens .
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among persons with diabetes and there is evidence that cardiac damage is often present at the time of clinical diagnosis of diabetes , . Elevated glucose levels are thought to induce hyperglycemia mediated coronary microvascular dysfunction and result in myocardial injury  . Previous studies have shown that persons with pre diabetes or diabetes have an increased prevalence of atherosclerosis as measured by carotid intimal thickness or coronary artery calcium .
In the adult skeleton, bone is continuously being formed and resorbed. This bone remodeling process is accomplished by a precise coordination of the activities of two cell types: osteoblasts, which deposit the calcified bone matrix, and osteoclasts, which resorb bone,. Bone resorption and formation do not occur along the bone surface at random.
The ability to speak, swallow, taste food, and maintain a healthy oral cavity is heavily reliant on the presence of saliva, an important effect of which on our everyday lives is often unappreciated . It is highly common especially in patients undergoing radiotherapy treatment for head and neck cancer, drug usage and patients suffering from Sjogren’s syndrome. Considering the severe impact that xerostomia may have on the patient’s quality of life, there is an unmet clinical need for an efficient treatment.
Endometrial cancer is the most frequently diagnosed malignancy of the female genital tract. According to the National Cancer Institute , endometrial cancer is the most common type of gynecological cancer. All endometrial cancers can be further delineated into two types .
Folliculogenesis is a coordinated process driven by signals from ovarian cells as well as the anterior pituitary. Following activation from the ovarian reserve, follicle growth is characterized by an increase in oocyte size and proliferation of the surrounding granulosa cells. Folliculogenesis concludes when a mature cumulus oocyte complex is ovulated from an antral follicle following the luteinizing hormone  surge.
Neurotransmitter release is essential for communication between neurones and thus brain function. It is stimulated by influx of extracellular calcium  via voltage dependent Ca2+ channels on nerve terminal depolarization by action potentials . Ca2+ influx evokes this release by stimulating the fusion of neurotransmitter containing synaptic vesicles  with the nerve terminal plasma membrane.
Broadly, stress can simultaneously provoke both an adaptive and apoptotic response within cells. Integration of these programmed survival and death signals determines the fate of the cell. Multiple and rather consistent defects in pathways that control apoptosis are found in virtually all human epithelial and lymphoid tumors.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation  can be used within the MRI scanner to noninvasively manipulate brain activity while subjects undergo functional neuroimaging. Importantly, while great attention and effort has been directed to accounting and correcting for TMS influences on image acquisition , the influence of the scanner’s magnetic field on TMS remains relatively unexplored . TMS can be shaped by nearby magnetic fields , so the scanner’s static field likely influences the TMS coil’s field.
The introduction of α1,3 galactosyltransferase gene knockout  pigstransgenic for human complement regulatory proteins, markedly improved pig xenograftsurvival in non human primates  . However,dysregulation of coagulation in the form of thrombotic microangiopathy in the graft and/orconsumptive coagulopathy  in the recipient remains a major barrier . It has beenreported that increased immunosuppressive therapy  significantly prolongs organxenograft survival, but not systemic anticoagulation .
Chronic kidney disease is now recognized as a major public health concern. , It is estimated that approximately 26.3 million adults in the US have non dialysis dependent kidney disease and over 470,000 have end stage renal disease, collectively representing over 13% of the US population. In the next 20 years, the burden of chronic kidney disease is expected to increase, with over 2 million individuals projected to be receiving renal replacement therapy  by 2030.
Although the initiating factors and sequence of molecular and cellular events leading to the dysfunction and death of neurons in Alzheimer's disease  are not fully understood, the accumulation of amyloid β peptide  and hyperphosphorylated tau, oxidative stress, impaired energy metabolism and a disruption of neuronal Ca2+ regulation are implicated . In addition, cerebral neurovascular alterations that result in reduced cerebral blood flow , impaired blood brain barrier  function and reduced glucose utilization have been shown to occur early in the disease process . The reduced energy availability and increased oxidative stress that occur in AD may promote neuronal membrane depolarization and overactivation of glutamate receptors resulting in excitotoxic damage to the neurons .
Research with split brain patients provides considerable evidence for left hemisphere involvement  in the critical domains of reasoning, decision making, and problem solving  while limiting the role of the right hemisphere, and in particular the right prefrontal cortex  to little more than visual organization . This conclusion has been reinforced by recent neuroimaging and patient studies of logical reasoning, where numerous studies have implicated left PFC in logical reasoning tasks  . However, this traditional view is being modified.
Epidermal fatty acid binding protein  belongs to a family of low molecular weight  cytosolic proteins that binds long chain free fatty acids. The members of the FABP family share similar tertiary structure which consists of two short α helical segments and a fatty acid binding cavity surrounded by two five stranded antiparallel β sheets . An analysis of the temporal and spatial expression profiles in the developing brain shows that E FABP exhibits a robust expression during embryonic neurogenesis, axonal growth, neuronal migration and terminal differentiation .
The prevalence of diet induced obesity is reaching epidemic proportions in industrialized nations. In parallel, there has been a dramatic increase in type 2 diabetes mellitus. Together, these two diseases are an enormous health and financial burden.
The vocal fold mucosa is a layered structure comprised of epithelium and lamina propria ; both of which are superficial to the thyroarytenoid  muscle. Together, these mucosal structures facilitate vocal fold immune, transport and barrier function, and underpin self sustained tissue oscillation for voice production . The LP is especially important for vocal fold oscillation as it contains an extracellular matrix  rich in proteins and glycans with favorable viscoelasticity .
Cardiac ryanodine receptors  are sarcoplasmic reticulum  Ca release channels, crucial in excitation contraction coupling . Homotetrameric RyR2s have a transmembrane channel domain, and regulatory and scaffolding cytoplasmic domain . In heart, FK506 binding protein  12 and 12.6 isoforms are co expressed, and can bind RyR2 at a stoichiometry of 4 FKBP per RyR tetramer,.
Health literacy has been defined as “the degree to which individuals have the capacity to obtain, process, and understand basic health information and services needed to make appropriate health decisions” . Health literacy consists of a constellation of skills, which include the ability to perform basic reading tasks and comprehend text, such as written instructions  as well as the ability to locate information and use documents such as medical forms, charts, and tables  . Evidence for the negative impact of poor health literacy is accumulating.
Prostate tumors are usually androgen dependent in the beginning, so front line therapies are initially aimed at reducing the amount of free androgens that sustain these tumors. There are three primary MAPK subclasses: extracellular signal regulated kinases ; c Jun N terminal kinases ; and p38. ERKs 1 and 2 are well known for being involved in controlling cell proliferation  by integrating upstream signals to regulate cell cycle proteins by post translational modifications .
The epidermal growth factor receptor  is the prototypical receptor tyrosine kinase. Ligand binding also activates the EGFR's intrinsic kinase domain resulting in transphosphorylation of carboxyl terminal tyrosine residues on the receptor's binding partner. The coordinated activation of these pathways regulates cell growth, differentiation, migration, proliferation, and apoptosis.
The contraction of striated muscles is regulated by the troponin complex, which controls the association of actin and myosin in a calcium dependent manner. Following membrane depolarization, the rise in intracellular  is sensed directly by the Ca2+ binding subunit of the troponin complex, troponin C . This movement of TnI, along with an accompanying shift of the tropomyosin strand, removes both a kinetic and a steric hindrance for myosin's binding to actin, facilitating crossbridge cycling and force generation  .
Interleukin 22  is a cytokine expressed by immune cells but acting on non haematopoetic cells. The receptor for IL 22 is expressed in barrier sites such as skin, intestine, lung as well as in liver, pancreas and kidney . IL 22 production is attributed to many immune cells types such as CD4, CD8 and γδ T cells, NK cells and subsets of innate lymphoid cells  .
Alveolar Capillary Dysplasia with Misalignment of Pulmonary Veins   is a rare, lethal disorder of the lungs. Affected patients typically present with severe respiratory failure and refractory pulmonary hypertension within a few hours after birth and die in the first month of life, although rare late onset presentations have been reported . Histopathologically, ACDMPV is characterized by malposition of pulmonary veins adjacent to small pulmonary arteries, medial thickening of small pulmonary arteries, deficient lobular development, a paucity of alveolar wall capillaries, and occasional lymphangiectasis .
Arterial and venous thromboses are major causes of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and arterial thrombosis is the most common cause of myocardial infarction and stroke . In the acute treatment of arterial thrombi, strategies that target both platelet activation and the generation of fibrin have led to the greatest clinical success . Heparin has played a central role in the treatment of arterial and venous thrombosis .
Graft versus host disease  has severely limited the use of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation  for the treatment of hematological malignancies . Donor T cell mediated alloreactive responses and conditioning regimen induced tissue damage, with subsequent activation of the innate immune system and inflammatory cytokine release, are implicated in the pathogenesis of acute GVHD  following allo HSCT  . IL 6 is a pro inflammatory cytokine with pleiotropic biological activities in immune regulation and inflammation .
The olfactory bulb  is a unique model for investigating in vivo the correlation between vascular density, synaptic transmission, metabolism and neurovascular coupling . Dorsal glomeruli can be easily imaged in vivo with two photon laser scanning microscopy , a technique that allows one to characterize vascular architecture with a micrometer spatial resolution, and to measure cerebral blood flow  and neuronal activity  with a millisecond time resolution. The underlying layer is composed of glomerular modules in which OSN terminals synapse onto juxtaglomerular and principal cell dendrites.
Chronic transplant dysfunction, likely caused by ischemia secondary to graft arteriosclerosis , is the most significant factor limiting long term survival after clinical heart and kidney transplantation. The histopathology of GA includes proliferative intimal expansion, primarily of vascular smooth muscle cells , with inadequate outward vessel remodeling, resulting in luminal narrowing. Evidence supports a possible association of acute graft arterial injury and GA  .
Currently, more than 2 billion individuals have been infected with M. tuberculosis and about 5%10% those infected will develop active TB disease during their lifetime. In 1921, the vaccine Mycobacterium bovis BCG, developed by Albert Calmette and Camille Guérin, was first used in humans . Routine BCG vaccination involves the intradermal administration of BCG to infants shortly after birth and it has been found to partially protect against some childhood forms of tuberculosis such as TB meningitis and military TB .
Motor related, cortical areas have long been thought to contribute more to movements than simple commands. These “higher order” processes have been suggested to include memory, prediction, timing, abstraction or targets, etc. but specific demonstrations of how these processes are manifest during specific movements has been lacking generally.
Voltage sensitive sodium channels are large integral membrane proteins that consist of four homologous domains  each containing six transmembrane segments  connected by extra  and intracellular loops . Sodium channel blocking insecticides  are a relatively new group of insecticides. Metaflumizone , the second SCBI to be commercialized, causes poisoning symptoms that are similar to those produced by other SCBIs .
Patients receiving hospice care have a variety of distressing symptoms and problems facing them, with fatigue and pain being among the most distressing. As patients near the end of life, priorities may shift from concerns about work and health to concerns about what comes after death. Thus, many patients may strengthen or renew their relationship with God, however they may define that relationship, confirming the need for clergy to be included in the interdisciplinary team.
Despite the health consequences of cigarette smoking , 20.8% of Americans continue to smoke . Bupropion HCl is a first line treatment for TD that alleviates withdrawal symptoms , and is more effective than placebo in maintaining abstinence . The best established mechanism of action of bupropion HCl is that it blocks the reuptake of dopamine .
The pancreas is a complex organ with two distinct functions. The exocrine pancreas, composed of acini and ducts, produces and transports digestive enzymes to the gut. For example, islets produce high levels of at least two ligands for the epidermal growth factor receptor , heparin binding epidermal growth factor like growth factor  and betacellulin.
The paired box transcription factor  family consists of 9 highly related members with critical roles in organogenesis and tissue specification during development, including skeletal muscle, pancreas, central nervous system, kidney, and immune system . Mutations and gene rearrangement of PAX genes are frequently associated with human diseases and cancers . In particular, PAX3 and PAX7 are required during early embryogenesis for the development of the neural crest and skeletal muscle , and gene rearrangements with FKHR are frequently implicated with rhabdomyosarcoma   .
Amblyopia, also known as “lazy eye,” is a spatial vision disorder that affects about 3% of the population . It is characterized by reduced visual acuity in one or both eyes without any organic origin. Although conventional wisdom on visual development suggests that spatial vision becomes hard wired after the critical period  and only infant and young child amblyopes are treated in current clinical practice, a number of recent studies suggest that perceptual learning might be a potential treatment for adult amblyopia .
H5N1 influenza A viruses that transmitted from poultry to humans in 1997 claimed the lives of six of the 18 people infected . The mouse model has been used extensively to investigate the pathogenesis of H5N1 virus infection ; the viruses are associated with a range of morbidity and mortality . One such pair of viruses is A/Hong Kong/483/97  and A/Hong Kong/486/97 .
Body dissatisfaction is pervasive among adolescents  and has been linked with poor emotional well being  and weight and shape control behaviors . In the 2011 Youth Risk Behavior Survey, a nationally representative sample of US high school students, 61% of girls and 32% of boys reported trying to lose weight; 12% of adolescents reported fasting, 5% reported using diet pills, and 4% reported self induced vomiting or laxative use for the purpose of weight control . In addition, there is growing awareness and concern regarding the use of muscle enhancing behaviors among adolescents .
Sensory systems sample the environment, translating external stimuli into transient and sometimes enduring internal neural codes or representations. In the olfactory system, volatile odorants are detected in the periphery by ORNs which transduce chemical stimuli into electrical signals that are relayed downstream to the OB or the AL. These dynamic patterns change most rapidly during the odor's onset and offset .
Carcinomas arise from transformed epithelial cells and account for >80% of adult malignancies. Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths with five year survival rates of 10 15%. Rb is inactivated by cyclin D/cyclin dependent kinase  4/6 dependent phosphorylation leading to cell cycle progression.
E2F1 is a highly conserved member of the E2F family, a group of nine transcription factors that coordinate a transcription program underlying cell cycle progression. Embedded within the transactivation domain is the pocket binding motif for tumor suppressor Retinoblastoma protein , which binds E2F1 during quiescence and G1 to repress E2F1 activity . Alternatively, E2F1 can trigger cell death through multiple transcription independent mechanisms, by inhibiting activation of anti apoptotic signals such as NFkappa B, reducing levels of TRAF2, and inducing activation of calcium sensitive cysteine protease calpain, which leads to proteolytic degradation of the Mdm2 homolog and p53 inhibitor, MDMx  .
While Pseudomonas aeruginosa is a frequent cause of acute nosocomial pneumonia in patients undergoing mechanical ventilation, burn victims, patients with corneal trauma, patients with healing surgical wounds  and cystic fibrosis  , healthy individuals are generally highly resistant to serious infection. There are clearly multiple, redundant innate immune mechanisms contributing to this resistance. Lipid rafts are specialized areas of the plasma membrane that are enriched in cholesterol and sphingolipids .
The HIV 1 envelope  protein is encoded by the 3’ end of the HIV 1 viral RNA  genome in a region that overlaps the Vpu open reading frame , and the Tat and Rev ORFs . Also encoded in this region is the rev responsive element  that binds to Rev . Ordinarily, the nuclear export signal  of Rev binds to a complex of the cellular proteins Crm1 and Ran GTP to facilitate the nuclear export of the HIV 1 vRNA that encodes the Gag and GagPol proteins, as well as other incompletely spliced HIV 1 RNAs .
Agonists acting at spinal α2 adrenergic and opioid receptors , share common signal transduction systems mediated through inhibitory G proteins, the activation of which inhibits pain transmission. Synergistic interactions between analgesic agents acting at ORs and α2ARs have been observed repeatedly in several laboratories after spinal administration using both behavioral  and electrophysiological  methods. Synergistic interactions can result in greater than 100 fold increases in analgesic potency as well as increased maximum efficacy.
Psoriasis is a common chronic inflammatory skin disease of unsolved pathogenesis. Psoriatic plaques are dominated by T lymphocytes as well as innate immune cells such as dendritic cells and macrophages . Crosstalk between immunocytes and keratinocytes, which results in the production of cytokines, chemokines and growth factors, is thought to mediate the disease.
Pneumonia, an inflammatory condition of the lung, causes greater mortality than any other respiratory disease globally . For example, a recent study found a strong but brief interaction between bacterial and influenza infection that can elevate susceptibility to pneumococcal pneumonia by 100 fold . Influenza responsible for about 801,200 reported infections , 4130 hospitalizations, 1140 deaths, 2.7 million work days lost annually in Israel, and an overall cost to the Israeli economy of 261 million dollars   .
Gene targeting, through the use of homologous recombination , provides the ability to modify any endogenous gene in a predetermined and precise manner. Due to the lack of established ESC in livestock, HR in livestock requires the use of somatic cells, instead of ESC . The efficiency of gene targeting in mouse ESC averages approximately 1×10−6 targeting events per cell, when exposed to electroporation , while initial gene targeting studies in somatic cells demonstrated efficiencies two to three orders of magnitude lower .
Hemorrhagic shock results in the disruption of the microvascular endothelial cell barrier leading to vascular leak . Hemorrhagic shock activates the “intrinsic” apoptotic cascade by decreasing the mitochondrial transmembrane potential resulting in the release of cytochrome c into the cytosol which eventually activates caspase 3  . Sex dimorphism in the clinical manifestation of conditions such as trauma, hemorrhage and sepsis have been subjects of recent investigation .
In mammals circadian rhythms in overt body functions which enable the organism to anticipate and to adapt to the solar cycle are controlled by a master circadian rhythm generator located in the hypothalamic suprachiasmatic nucleus  that synchronises peripheral oscillators . The positive regulators BMAL1 and CLOCK/NPAS2  activate transcription of negative regulators, such as mPER1/2 and mCRY1/2, as well as clock controlled output genes like Avp . Circadian rhythms in clock gene expression in the SCN and in some peripheral oscillators like the liver are self sustained in the absence of rhythmic input .
Over the past decade, significant progress has been made in the development of non contact wide field technologies for quantitative, sub surface functional imaging. For example, fluorescence imaging can now provide surgeons with real time guidance during surgical procedures , and has successfully been translated to human trials for breast cancer sentinel lymph node mapping . Recently, spatially modulated light  has been shown to provide depth resolved maps of optical properties  and biochemical components, such as oxyhemoglobin and deoxyhemoglobin, in turbid media  .
The development of squamous cell carcinoma  of the epidermis occurs via a multistage, stepwise process whereby keratinocytes accumulate distinct genetic lesions in oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes that promote cell growth and cell survival . Furthermore, mutations in both Ras and p53 are correlated with increased invasion, suggesting that these mutations result in changes in cellular behavior that are important for the acquisition of an invasive phenotype . Interactions between tumor cells and the extracellular matrix  can directly contribute to SCC progression.
Consistent with diagnostic requirements, assessment of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder  focuses on the presence of symptoms and associated impairment., In pediatrics, shared decision making includes integrating parents’ goals and concerns about their children with medical evidence to achieve a family centered medical decision process. Specifically, the AAP calls for “addressing individualized and specific behavioral, academic, and social target goals” . The AAP also states that, “The goals should be realistic, attainable, and measurable,” .
The human genome encodes about 518 protein kinases  which constitutes one of the largest class of genes, termed the “Human Kinome”. Phosphorylation by kinases regulates cellular signal transduction cascades that orchestrate most cellular processes. It is not surprising therefore that dysregulation of protein kinase function has been implicated in many pathological conditions.
Robust lung inflammation induced by infectious and non infectious stimuli can lead to severe pathological states including acute respiratory distress syndrome  and multi organ failure with devastating, often lethal consequences. Upon activation by toll like receptor  or other pattern recognition receptor signaling, macrophages recruit additional pro inflammatory immune cells including neutrophils, exudative macrophages, and Th1 lymphocytes to the lung and alveolar space as a critical part of the innate immune response . ET has generally been ascribed to clinical scenarios involving sepsis and other sepsis like states, in which circulating monocytes can be persistently exposed to endotoxin, resulting in ineffective TNF α or other pro inflammatory cytokine production with repeated LPS exposure .
Polychlorinated biphenyls  and other persistent organic pollutants , such as hexachlorobenzene , and p,p’ dichlorophenyldichloroethylene , a metabolite of p,p’ DDT, have been found to elicit a broad spectrum of biologic, metabolic, and immunologic responses . The potential of these POPs to impair immune responses and trigger autoimmune disease is of growing concern. Given the structural similarity to thyroid hormones, PCBs  may mimic thyroid hormone action and even modulate the mechanisms and interfere with the binding of these hormones , potentially leading to thyroid functional disorders and autoimmune thyroid diseases  .
Depressive disorders, including major depressive disorder and dysthymia, are common among adolescents and are associated with substantial health, social, and developmental consequences. Approximately 8% of adolescents experience an episode of major depression in a given year , and 12% of adolescents have experienced a depressive disorder in their lifetime . Research has also reported that major depressive disorder places adolescents at greater risk for later mental health problems, substance use disorders, educational underachievement, unemployment, poorer functioning in work, and social problems .
Vibrio cholerae, an autochthonous aquatic bacterium, is the causative agent of cholera, a severe, watery, life threatening diarrheal disease. Cholera bacteria are serogrouped based on the variable somatic O antigen, with more than 200 serogroups identified . The epidemic potential of cholera has been realized throughout human history with seven recorded pandemics and the disease is persistent in many developing countries.
The involvement of protein kinase A  and protein kinase C  in the induction and maintenance of LTP in hippocampal pyramidal cells has been studied intensively . PKC also was found to play a role in LTP at MF to pyramidal cell synapses. Numerous studies have revealed the extensive heterogeneity in interneuron long term synaptic plasticity, especially with respect to the mechanisms controlling the induction and polarity of synaptic change .
ADAMTS13, a member of A Disintegrin And Metalloprotease with ThromboSpondin type repeats  family,  controls the sizes of von Willebrand factor  by cleaving vWF at the Tyr1605 Met1606 bond in the central A2 domain. Profound thrombocytopenia, microangiopathic hemolytic anemia and organ ischemia are characteristic features of TTP syndrome. If left untreated, the mortality rate is as high as 80~100%.
Strabismus, a manifest misalignment of the visual axes, is one of the most common childhood visual disorders, occurring in 3 4% of the population . In those with a large near phoria or weak vergence system, the effort to prevent diplopia during sustained near work may cause significant eye strain  . However, either genes or environment can contribute to resemblance among family members; therefore, familial clustering does not clarify etiology.
The denatured state of a protein is the starting point for folding a protein to its native structure which confers its function. However, it is now widely accepted that protein denatured states contain non random structure. , Thermodynamic approaches to characterizing protein denatured states also show strong deviations from the properties expected for a random coil.
Curcumin, 1,7 bis 1,6 heptadien 3,5 dione, is the primary bioactive component isolated from turmeric, a dietary spice made from the rhizome of Curcuma longa . Nonetheless, curcumin has demonstrated anti tumor effects in vivo when administered via dietary supplement, oral gavage or injection, even at the low concentrations achieved in these physiologic systems . Here patients have been rendered disease free following surgical excision of a high risk lesion .
Results from genome wide scans have confirmed common genetic variants with very small effects on breast cancer risk; however, this approach likely misses clinically and functionally important cancer susceptibility alleles because of false negatives and poor coverage in some regions. Therefore, examination of candidate genes still provides a useful, complementary approach. The Breast Cancer Association Consortium, a collaborative data pooling effort of more than 60,000 subjects, was initiated to validate reported genetic associations with breast cancer risk.
Advances in immunosuppression and perioperative management have revolutionized liver transplantation  outcomes in the past 3 decades . Improved long term survival has led in turn to increased prevalence of ‘late’ complications after LTx such as chronic kidney disease . CKD has become one of the leading causes of morbidity and death after LTx .
Chromosomal inversions are known to occur in a wide variety of organisms where they are associated with instances of adaptive evolution, speciation, selfish genes, sex chromosomes, human disease and disease susceptibility . Dobzhansky proposed that natural selection would favor inversions if they captured a set of positively interacting alleles, which he referred to as a “supergene” complex . The suppression of recombination between the alternative chromosomal arrangements along the inverted segment will eventually lead to the formation of two distinct haplotype groups: the standard and the inverted.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa is an opportunistic gram negative pathogen capable of eliciting acute or chronic infection of immunocompromised, burn and cystic fibrosis patients. Although the introduction of antibiotics with anti pseudomonal activity demonstrated initial promise, this versatile bacteria’s ability to develop resistance to multiple antimicrobials has become a significant obstacle to treating infections associated with P. aeruginosa. However, these vaccines never gained clinical acceptance due to a wide array of problems  .
Falls are among the most serious problems facing older adults, which can cause injuries and even death . Slips comprise 40% of outdoor falls among older adults . Therefore an effective training program to prevent sliprelated falls is highly desired.
Chronic postsurgical pain  occurs in 10 50% of patients undergoing major surgery and results in pain sufficient to negatively impact quality of life. Individual differences in pain processing impart risk as well, especially the strength of conditioned pain modulation  in which analgesia is induced diffusely over the body from an intense, focal pain stimulus. Low preoperative CPM correlates with a greater incidence of CPSP following thoracotomy and abdominal surgery.
6  Fluoro L dopa  is a radiopharmaceutical that follows the metabolic pathway of L dopa . In catecholaminergic neurons, FDOPA is decarboxylated by aromatic L amino acid decarboxylase  to fluorodopamine, which is taken up into synaptic vesicles by vesicular monoamine transporter type 2  and cleared from the synaptic cleft by dopamine transporters . In addition to motor symptoms, PD patients suffer from cognitive and emotional symptoms that are not fully explained by nigrostriatal pathology.
Shanks, also known as ProSAP, Synamon, SSTRIP, CortBP and Spank, are a family of scaffold proteins at the postsynaptic density . Shank proteins are thought to promote enlargement and maturation of spines ,  and have been implicated in a number of neuronal diseases including autism  . Shanks have multiple protein interaction domains and can bind to other PSD scaffolds, GKAPs and Homers .
Individual agents used to treat human osteoporosis reduce fracture risk by ~50 60%. Since agents that act with complementary mechanisms are available, sequential therapies that mix anti resorptive and anabolic agents could improve fracture risk reduction, when compared to monotherapies . We evaluated bone mass, bone microarchitecture, and bone strength in adult ovariectomized , osteopenic rats, during different sequences of vehicle , parathyroid hormone , alendronate , or raloxifene  in three 90 day treatment periods, over nine months.
Diabetes mellitus  is one of the most frequent metabolic disorders, with an estimate of 371 million people living with this condition worldwide . Incidence and prevalence are rising, carrying high costs  and rates of morbid mortality, with premature deaths . Around 4.8 million people died in 2012 due to diabetes, half of them were under 60 years  .
The liver performs many complex functions including carbohydrate metabolism, urea and lipid metabolism, storage of essential nutrients, and the production/secretion of bile acids. Therefore, hepatic failure, end stage cirrhosis and infections targeting the liver present a major health problem. Embryonic stem cells  on the other hand are capable of both unlimited proliferation and differentiation into tissue specific cells.
Regulation of gene expression in eukaryotes is an extremely complex process. Ets1•Runx1 partnership provides a perfect basis for filling the gap. The two TFs regulate T cell receptor alpha  and a variety of other genes via binding to a composite Ets1•Runx1 sequence  .
Research in motor learning has been performed with nonfunctional, non novel tasks involving movements that have already been established in the abilities of individual performers . However, this relation is unclear as Klimesch et al. In the last fifteen years it has been further revealed that there exist two separate alpha components, with two specific ranges of frequencies:  Upper alpha  and  lower alpha .
Hypertension is a global health problem affecting 65 million persons in the United States  and about 1 billion persons worldwide. Despite the availability of effective pharmacologic therapies, low adherence to antihypertensive medication remains a public health challenge  and is associated with increased health care costs and with high rates of cardiovascular disease and hospitalization;. It is estimated that adherence rates are approximately 50% for chronic medications.
Despite modest improvements in survival rates from colorectal cancer  over the last 25 years, deaths from CRC still account for approximately 10% of all cancer deaths in the UK. Globally, CRC is ranked second as a cause of cancer mortality with 492,000 deaths per annum . The main CRC prognostic marker at present is stage at diagnosis, which describes tumour spread through the bowel wall, number of affected lymph nodes and spread of tumour to distant organs  .
It has been widely proposed that connexin43 , the main gap junction protein expressed in astrocytes, can under specific conditions form functional “hemichannels”, providing a transmembrane pathway for the diffusion of ions and relatively large molecules . Evidence in support is primarily pharmacological, showing blockade of uptake of fluorescent dyes  and of release of intracellular molecules  by compounds known to block gap junction channels; additionally, electrophysiological recordings have demonstrated the presence of large  conductance channels in astrocytes  . Recently, a newly discovered group of proteins, the pannexins , were cloned from mammalian tissues.
Previous reports indicate that the frontal eye field , a cortical region involved in vision and eye movements, codes predominately for contralateral space . These operations include shifting RFs  and vector subtraction . What are the sources of the ipsilateral information, and how does it reach the FEF?
Transmissible spongiform encephalopathies , such as human Creutzfeldt Jakob Disease , endemic sheep scrapie, and epidemic bovine spongiform encephalopathy  are fatal neurodegenerative diseases caused by infectious particles of ~25 nm diameter and 106107 daltons . Their molecular composition remains speculative. PrP characteristics often change in ways that are unrelated to the agent induced phenotype.
Studies have shown that the posterior visual regions have maximal amplitude of alpha rhythm in electroencephalography  , while the thalamus plays a critical role in generating and coordinating alpha activity . However, several inconsistent results have also been reported. For example, the alpha activity was found to have negative correlations with the BOLD signals of the thalamus , positive correlations with that of the visual regions  and no correlations with the thalamus or visual regions .
In the United States, the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental DisordersIV Text Revision provides the official classification of mental and substance use disorders widely employed in clinical, research, educational, and statistical settings. DSM IV subtypes substance users who meet criteria for Dependence into those with versus without a physiological component using the presence of either tolerance or withdrawal as a specifier. To date, only a few studies have examined directly the presence of subtypes of PD vs. NPD for stimulant users.
The aortic heart valve  normally consists of three cuspal shaped leaflets  that regulate blood flow from left ventricle to the aorta. Accelerated valve calcification producing aortic stenosis  before the sixth decade of life is the most common clinical manifestation of BAV. It should be noted that BAV is part of a larger spectrum of AV structural anomalies that range from single to quad leaflet forms.,,, At the microstructural level, CAVD is characterized by extensive remodeling of the cusps with biomineralization of the fibrosa layer as valve interstitial cells  adopt an osteogenic like phenotype.
Single molecule force spectroscopy is a technique that provides unique information about the biomolecular interaction landscape that is hitherto not possible to obtain from conventional spectroscopy methods. , The experimentally observed rupture force is typically dependent on the external mechanical load. A force spectrum of the single molecule interaction is generated by mapping the most probable rupture force as a function of the loading rate.
Catheter ablation has been shown to be superior to antiarrhythmic therapy for the treatment of drug refractory, symptomatic atrial fibrillation . The past decade has produced significant advances in catheter ablation approaches for AF and improved procedural outcomes. This may be due to a variety of factors, including better patient selection, technological advances and greater operator experience.
Inhibitory control is an important component of executive function, and it is typically assessed using tasks in which participants must withhold or inhibit a prepotent response. Differences in SSRT across individuals relate to activation of a number of neural systems involved in the “stopping network”, including right inferior frontal gyrus, posterior parietal cortex, and pre supplementary motor areas . Individuals with shorter SSRTs, reflective of stronger/faster inhibition, typically show greater activation of these neural systems on inhibition trials .
In humans, stress exposure increases cocaine craving and induces relapse of cocaine use , and in animal models, stressors facilitate cocaine self administration, enhance conditioned place preference , and reinstate cocaine seeking . Although the adaptive responses to stress are generally protective, repeated and uncontrollable stress exposure can increase the risk of mood disorders . The mechanisms underlying these effects are still being resolved, but it is known that stress results in the release of key stress mediators including the dynorphin opioids .
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  are ligand gated cation channels composed as homopentameric or heteropentameric combinations of α and β subunits . The most abundant heteromeric nAChR in the brain contain α4 subunits, bind nicotine with high affinity, and have been implicated in conditions including Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer's disease, epilepsy, and drug dependence  . Each nAChR subunit shares a conserved topology, having an extensive extracellular N terminal domain, four transmembrane domains , short intracellular cytoplasmic loops between M1 and M2 and between M3 and M4, a short extracellular loop between M2 and M3, a large second cytoplasmic loop  between M3 and M4, and a short C terminal extracellular tail .
Growth factors and other mitogens often provide the molecular cues that induce many cellular events, including differentiation, proliferation, and migration . Epidermal growth factor  participates in the growth and repair of many types of tissues throughout the body. A deficiency in EGF is a characteristic common in chronic  wounds, and EGF is also capable of reducing scarring by preventing excessive wound contraction .
Molecular and morphological alterations related to carcinogenesis have been found in terminal duct lobular units , the microscopic structures from which most breast cancer precursors and cancers develop, and therefore, analysis of these structures may reveal early changes in breast carcinogenesis and etiologic heterogeneity. Accordingly, we evaluated relationships of breast cancer risk factors and tumor pathology to estrogen receptor  and progesterone receptor  expression in TDLUs surrounding breast cancers . We analyzed 270 breast cancer cases included in a population based breast cancer case control study conducted in Poland.
Imatinib  is a small molecule that targets the BCR ABL tyrosine kinase and is effective in the treatment of BCR ABL positive chronic myeloid leukemia . While imatinib has been remarkably successful in reducing the tumor burden and suppressing the progression of patients in the chronic phase of CML, it has been less successful in the treatment of the accelerated phase of the disease. One correlation that has been observed in leukemic samples from untreated patients as the disease progresses is increased expression of BCR ABL.
Photodynamic therapy  is a rapidly developing approach for cancer treatment that utilizes the combination of a nontoxic dye, termed a photosensitizer , and harmless visible or near infrared  light to kill cancer cells and destroy tumors by generating reactive oxygen species , such as singlet oxygen, superoxide and hydroxyl radical. Generation efficiency of the excited triplet energy state  was found to be nearly quantitative via intersystem crossing from its photoexcited singlet state . However, synthesis of C60 monoadducts  involves change of the molecular cage structure by only one olefin bond that leads to the retention of a half  cage sphere identical to that of C60.
Heterotrimeric αβγ guanine nucleotide binding proteins  are molecular switches that relay signals from activated G protein coupled receptors  to  cellular effector systems such as ion channels or enzymes that, in turn, control production, release, or degradation of second messengers . Ligand activated GPCRs act as guanine nucleotide exchange factors  for G proteins that stimulate exchange of GDP for GTP on the Gα subunit . Crystal structures have been resolved for both GDP bound inactive and GTP bound active conformations and have shed light on the discrete differences of these nucleotide dependent conformational states .
Endometriosis is a chronic estrogen dependent disease characterized by the growth of ectopic endometrial tissue . Despite the high incidence of endometriosis, the etiology is unknown. The shed tissue then implants and grows ectopically.
Herbal medicines and products are used globally for treatment of diverse pathological conditions. A survey conducted in 191 HIV/AIDS patients in United States of America seeking care for HIV infection showed an approximately 67% patients using traditional medicines currently or in the past . Clinicians however discourage the concomitant use of herbal medicines with the conventional ARVs or other treatments based on their concern on the possible risk of ADRs due to the herbs alone or possible unfavorable effect on the safety and efficacy of the ARVs due to herb drug interactions .
Despite progress in the prevention of mother to child HIV transmission, nearly 260,000 infections occurred among children in 2012. Pediatric HIV infection remains a public health problem, but early treatment improves survival and preserves immune health. Cure of HIV infection remains elusive due to the early establishment of viral latency in long lived resting memory CD4+ T cells that evade immune surveillance mechanisms and antiretroviral drugs.
There has been considerable interest in the neurobehavioral changes, both in terms of cognitive and mood related, that occur in retired National Football League  players, but despite increased media attention, little has been done to systematically examine later life functioning in retired professional athletes. Neurocognitive assessments in athletes and non athletes in the short term following concussion have demonstrated deficits in working memory, attention, and processing speed. An association between recurrent concussion and Mild Cognitive Impairment  and reported memory impairments has also been shown in retired NFL players, with a fivefold increase in MCI diagnosis and a threefold greater prevalence of reported memory problems compared with retirees without a history of concussion.
Streptococcus pneumoniae  is a major cause of bacterial meningitis in the developing world , including recently described epidemic disease in Sub Saharan Africa . As part of vaccine introduction, countries will monitor impact of vaccine against various outcomes, including meningitis. Additionally, in the African meningitis belt, patients with suspected acute bacterial meningitis are treated with a single dose of oily chloramphenicol  on the assumption that their illness is caused by meningococcus .
Cigarette smoking is a well documented risk factor for cardiovascular diseases, including atherosclerosis, coronary artery disease, acute myocardial infarction, hypertension and sudden cardiac death. Multiple prospective studies have consistently shown that cigarette smoking is associated with increased risk of hypertension. Cigarette smoking can stimulate sympathetic nervous activation, oxidative stress, vasopressor effects, cause endothelial dysfunction, vascular inflammation and injury, and increase arterial stiffness; factors that might contribute to the development of hypertension., However, the precise mechanisms underlying the etiological contribution of cigarette smoking to hypertension is still not well understood .
Dopamine receptor genes are key players in regulating neurotransmission in response to dopamine and, therefore, are of central interest in a range of neuropsychiatric diseases, including schizophrenia, substance addiction, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . Since many behaviors and psychiatric conditions show moderate to high heritability, the study of genetic variation in the dopamine related genes will contribute to unraveling the molecular mechanisms of the catecholamine pathway. There are five dopamine receptors belonging to two families, characterized by whether they activate  or inhibit  adenylate cyclase in response to ligand binding .
The pronounced occurrence of “feminization” and other endocrine abnormalities at sites downstream from municipal wastewater treatment plants  was first noted in 1994 . Directed evolution and rational design are two general classes of protein design strategies that have been utilized most widely to date . In contrast, rational design strategies rely on mechanistic computational models to understand interactions between the enzyme and its substrate.
Leptin is an adipocyte derived hormone that plays a critical role in the regulation of energy homeostasis. The hypothalamic arcuate nucleus was initially regarded as the principal site of leptin action, but there is increasing evidence for a distributed brain network of leptin action  . Among these distributed brain sites, there is increasing evidence for functional leptin receptors  in the nucleus tractus solitarii , albeit in lower levels than in the arcuate nucleus.
The conclusion of general parasite host models that parasites may regulate the abundance of hosts in some circumstances  continues to motivate empirical research . To a large extent, the effect of endemic pathogens on host survival in the wild remains unknown  . Cowpox virus is an orthopoxvirus endemic in rodent populations throughout Europe and western Asia .
Solid tumors present formidable challenge in the multi disciplinary management of cancer patients. Among solid tumors, breast and lung cancer account for an estimated 399,470 new cases in the United States in 2008, and despite multi modality therapy, remain the leaders in cancer related mortality . Manipulation of radiation induced cell death is one such strategy , and has been proposed to enhance therapeutic ratio in cancer.
Receptor stimulated activation of the small guanosine triphosphatase  Ras is central to many signal transduction pathways that control developmental, physiologic, and pathologic processes in the immune system and throughout biology. On LAT, activated PLC γ1 cleaves phosphatidylinositol 4, 5 bisphosphate  to generate inositol 1,4,5 trisphosphate , which triggers the release of intracellular stores of Ca2+, and diacylglycerol . However, its activity is enhanced by the association of active Ras GTP to an allosteric pocket on Sos1, which relieves auto inhibition of the RasGEF domain and increases the catalytic activity of Sos1 up to 80 fold .
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration  is a common cause of dementia, particularly in younger individuals with disease onset at ages less than 65. FTLD represents at least three clinical syndromes which are distinct from Alzheimer's Disease . The clinical and pathological heterogeneity of FTLD creates particular challenges for determining optimal pharmacological management.
The intestinal mucosa experiences diverse forces in normal and diseased states. These forces all alter intra luminal pressure and strain, which along with other physiologic forces may support the normal gut mucosal cytoarchitecture. Such biophysical forces stimulate intestinal epithelial proliferation and modulate intestinal epithelial differentiation in vitro, and activate tyrosine kinase signaling within the gut mucosa in vivo  .
Epidemiologic studies have linked obesity with the risk of developing certain cancers, including colorectal, postmenopausal breast, kidney, esophageal , pancreatic, liver, gallbladder, and endometrial cancers. Many of these cancers arise as a result of physiologically altered endocrine and/or metabolic functioning in obese people. Large, prospective, population based studies have demonstrated that in addition to increasing the risk of developing cancer, obesity remains an independent risk factor for death from malignancy in both obesity associated and non obesity associated tumors .
The standard somnological armamentarium lacks affordable tools for objective assessment of sleep architecture on a large scale or repeatedly over time . Multichannel polysomnography  is encumbering and costly for such applications; simpler devices for assessment of sleep disordered breathing  provide only autonomic indices of sleep quality that have not been validated in non SDB populations; actigraphs estimate duration and timing of sleep but render no information about its macro  or microstructure; finally, diaries and questionnaires are subjective. Recent years have seen the emergence of self applicable recorders worn on the forehead that assess sleep architecture from the mixture of electroencephalograms , electrooculograms  and electromyograms  recorded in a single differential derivation .
Granulocyte transfusions have long been recognized as a potential therapeutic option for treating infections in individuals with neutropenia . Nonetheless, the use of granulocyte transfusions has remained infrequent and only about 1000 granulocyte units are transfused per year in the US . Recently, interest in granulocyte transfusions has increased for a variety of reasons, including the ability to collect granulocytes in higher numbers using granulocyte colony stimulating factor , an increased incidence of therapy related neutropenia and a rise in antibiotic resistance .
Lung cancer is the number one cause of cancer related death in the United States . In non small cell lung cancer  cell lines that have constitutively active mutant EGFR, STAT3 is phosphorylated and is necessary for the proliferative effects associated with mutant EGFR . Furthermore, inhibiting STAT3 activity abrogates the transforming effects of EGFR activating mutations .
The Drosophila photoresponse is a very fast and highly controlled G protein coupled cascade and has proven to be a preeminent model system to investigate prevalent and conserved neuronal molecular signaling mechanisms . The rhabdomeres contain key phototransduction components, including Rhodopsin, G protein, Phospholipase C and the Ca2+ permeable channels TRP and TRPL. Protein phosphorylation/dephosphorylation cycles play key roles in photoreceptor signaling and cell biology.
Many changes occur in the final hours of life ,  and family members of those dying at home need to be prepared for these changes, both to understand what is happening and to provide care . Families that are better prepared have more confidence in their caregiving ability and better closure . Lack of preparedness is associated with anxiety , major depression ,  and complicated grief  .
Studies show that, in rodents, ovariectomy impairs and estradiol enhances performance on a variety of learning, memory, and attention tasks . We hypothesize that these effects are mediated, at least in part, by effects on cholinergic inputs to the hippocampus and cortex . In addition, selective destruction of cholinergic neurons in the medial septum blocked the effects of estradiol on learning in a delayed matching to position  T maze task , as well as on synaptic spine density in the hippocampus .
In the normal murine mucosal plexus, blood flow is generally smooth and continuous. The inflamed mucosal plexus is associated with not only widely variable changes in blood flow velocity , but discontinuous and even bidirectional flow . Attempts to explain the vascular events in inflammatory bowel disease have focused on small vessel thrombosis.
Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma  is the third most common cancer of the digestive tract and the seventh leading cause of cancer related deaths worldwide. ESCC is one of the most aggressive types of cancer . However apoptosis in cancer cells is only induced by binding to death receptor DR4 and DR5 .
Exposure of cells and tissues to xenobiotics or physico chemical sources of oxidative stress  causes the generation of reactive oxygen species , which in turn can cause damage by interacting with cellular macromolecules such as DNA, proteins, and lipids, as well as by forming secondary toxic products. P53 plays an important role in apoptosis, growth arrest, genomic stability, cell senescence, and differentiation. It is normally kept at a low concentration in cells by its relatively short half life.
Human papillomaviruses  are small, double stranded, circular DNA viruses that infect squamous epithelial cells. The E1 protein functions as an ATP dependent helicase and recruits polymerase alpha and acts as an elongation factor . The viral proteins E1 and E2 function together in HPV genome amplification .
Arithmetic operations such as division and subtraction are a fundamental and widespread property of inhibition in neuronal networks. Divisive inhibition, a form of gain control, plays a major role in scaling the response amplitude of neurons while keeping their sensory selectivity or function intact,. Although representing a minority of cortical cells, GABAergic neurons are highly diverse in their molecular, morphological and functional properties,, and can therefore contribute in various way to the computational capability of cortical circuits.
The pedunculopontine tegmental nucleus  is now accepted as one of the basal ganglia family of structures, being intimately connected with many parts of the basal ganglia, such as the globus pallidus, subthalamic nucleus and substantia nigra pars compacta . Parkinson’s disease patients present motor impairments, but also have cognitive deficits that appear in advance of the motor impairments . This is not surprising, given that the basal ganglia play a role in action selection and in the learning of action outcome associations and stimulus response habits .
To generate a stable and economical gait pattern, it is critical to activate ankle plantar flexor muscles with the correct timing and appropriate magnitude to produce trailing limb push off during late stance. In addition to the correct timing, adequate magnitude of ankle push off is necessary to reduce energy loss due to collision in the leading leg. These two factors, timing and magnitude of ankle push off, may be used to explain why many pathological gaits exhibit high metabolic costs  .
Surgical management of urolithiasis has changed significantly since the introduction of shock wave lithotripsy  in the early 1980’s,,,. This technology, along with the development of endoscopic techniques such as ureteroscopy and percutaneous nephrolithotomy, have almost completely replaced open surgery as a treatment option,. While minimally invasive methods continue to be refined, SWL remains the only extracorporeal procedure for stone disintegration .
Whereas exploration of ethnic and racial identity for adolescents of color in psychology has burgeoned over the past decade, “Whiteness” remains an under investigated construct, often unseen and unacknowledged . However, there is increasing awareness that acknowledgement and exploration of White racial identity are important steps toward recognizing and understanding racism and White privilege . A recent trend in scholarship on White racial identity highlights the complexity of White identity , emphasizing the diversity within the White population.
Cd is an important industrial and environmental pollutant that can exert adverse effects on multiple organ systems . However, with the chronic, low level patterns of exposure that are common in humans, the kidney is the primary target of toxicity, where Cd causes a generalized dysfunction of the proximal tubule characterized by polyuria and low molecular weight proteinuria . Several recent studies have highlighted the fact that adverse renal effects of Cd may result from even low levels of exposure and that children and individuals with confounding health conditions, such as diabetes, may be especially susceptible  .
Oral synthetic Δ9 tetrahydrocannabinol  is approved by the US Food and Drug Administration as a treatment for AIDS related anorexia and chemotherapy induced emesis . Clinical use of urine toxicology testing to differentiate oral THC medication compliance from smoked cannabis has been difficult . Oral fluid  is a biological matrix for cannabinoid testing with multiple advantages for drug testing programs .
Osteosarcoma  is the most common primary bone tumor in both dogs and man . Different histologic types of OSA have been recognized, including osteoblastic, chondroblastic, fibroblastic, anaplastic, telangectatic, giant cell rich, and small cell variants . Despite the fact that OSA behaves and appears histologically similar in both species, it occurs more frequently in dogs than in man .
Magnetic resonance imaging  studies have substantially advanced our knowledge of brain atrophy in Alzheimer’s Disease  . MRI measures are an indirect reflection of the neuronal injury that occurs in the brain as the AD pathophysiological process evolves. Several MRI measures are known to be altered among individuals with AD or mild cognitive impairment , including volumetric MRI.
Head and neck cancer  is the fifth most common form of cancer and causes over 350,000 deaths globally each year . Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma  patients account for approximately 90% of all head and neck malignancies  . Epidermal growth factor receptor  belongs to the human epidermal growth factor receptor  family which includes other three closely related members: HER2, HER3 and HER4.
Phosphorylation is one of the most prevalent and important posttranslational modifications. Phosphorylation/dephosphorylation events function as a molecular switch for signal transduction and enzyme catalysis. In eukaryotes serine, threonine, and tyrosine are the three amino acid residues that can be phosphorylated.
Group A Streptococcus  is responsible for a wide range of human infections, including pharyngitis and tonsillitis, skin infections, sepsis, a toxic shock syndrome, and necrotizing fasciitis . Until recently, there was little association of GAS and biofilms in the published literature. One of the first observations was reported by  in a study examining GAS in skin infections.
In geriatric medicine, the term “frailty” has been used loosely to describe a condition characterized by increased vulnerability to stressors because of impairment in physiological reserve, leading to increased risk for adverse health outcomes. Definitions have varied, but frailty phenotypes in recent epidemiologic studies have typically included muscle weakness, fatigue, slowness, low physical activity and unintended weight loss. , Increasing evidence suggests a relationship between inflammation and risk of disability, frailty, walking speed and muscle strength.
The X linked fragile × mental retardation gene  contains a triplet CGG repeat in the 5’ UTR region that is associated with the mental retardation syndrome, fragile × . The most common alleles of FMR1 contain less than 40 repeats and are stable when transmitted from generation to generation. , Expansion to greater than 200 repeats results in hypermethylation of the FMR1 gene and subsequent loss of gene expression.
The burden of methamphetamine addiction is increasing in the United States; available SAMHSA reports show 8% of all drug/alcohol treatment admissions involve methamphetamine and treatment studies report frequent relapses to methamphetamine seeking among those that are trying to quit . Furthermore, methamphetamine addiction takes emotional and financial tolls on society, cutting across ages, races, ethnicities, and genders. It increases mortality, morbidity, and economic costs.
Anthropogenic deposition of pollutant compounds has led to the proliferation of microbes capable of degrading a wide range of compounds and utilizing a variety of terminal electron acceptors . Examples include organisms capable of using AsO4−  and SeO4−  from industrial or agricultural output. Perchlorate reductase enzymes, which are highly homologous to dissimilatory nitrate reductases, reductively convert ClO4− or ClO3− to chlorite  .
Hyperglycemia leads to production of reactive oxygen species , which results in formation of advanced glycated end products . In addition to AGE production, ROS lead to production of toxic reactive aldehydes such as malondialdehyde , acetaldehyde, and 4 hydroxy 2 nonenal . In particular, a link between 4HNE adducts and diabetes induced cardiovascular, neurological, ocular, and renal complications has been shown.
Alcohol use disorders  are characterized by maladaptive patterns of alcohol consumption manifested by symptoms leading to clinically significant impairment or distress . These disorders are not only among the most prevalent mental disorders worldwide but contribute to the development of more than 60 disease conditions and account for 4% of the global burden of disease  . Current data indicate that alcohol use disorders are pervasive among Western countries , and maybe increasing in developing countries .
The development of safe and effective vaccines remains a standard and a benchmark for the control of respiratory virus infection. For infections with the unbiquitous human pathogen, respiratory syncytial virus , this goal has not yet been reached. Along with efforts directed toward human clinical trials , there is also significant interest in exploring alternative models for preclinical experimental research.
Glaucoma is the second leading cause of blindness worldwide, with an estimated 60 million people affected . In the United States, primary open angle glaucoma  is the most common type of glaucoma . POAG is an age related progressive optic nerve degeneration caused by irreversible destruction of retinal ganglion cells eventually leading to blindness.
Human immunodeficiency virus types 1 and 2  are the two etiological causative agents of AIDS. Moreover, no drugs have been designed specifically for HIV 2. There are 10 FDA approved HIV 1 protease inhibitors  today.
Calorie restriction , in the absence of malnutrition, has been reliably demonstrated to protect against age related diseases and to prolong healthy lifespan in several shorter lived animal models . This voxel based morphometry  study was specifically suited for a whole brain approach, which compares DTI measures in each voxel between subjects. Tractography is a post processing method where tensors of cerebral WM water diffusion can be mathematically extrapolated from DTI.
Poor response to antiplatelet drugs is associated with adverse outcomes. We assessed platelet inhibition and its stability and tested correlation and agreement between platelet function assays . Peripheral blood from 58 patients on both aspirin and clopidogrel who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention  was collected at hospital discharge  and at 3090 days .
We have previously reported a neuroprotective role of sodium pyruvate  treatment in a rat model of cortical contusion injury  . In those studies a single SP injection  within 5 min after CCI was found to significantly increase the brain's extracellular concentration of pyruvate, attenuating the CCI induced decrease in extracellular glucose and increase in extracellular lactate . A single SP treatment was also found to significantly reduce the numbers of dead/dying neurons in the peri contusional cortex at 6 h post CCI.
Myelin, the insulating sheath that wraps around the axons facilitating the rapid saltatory conduction of impulses, is made in the central nervous system  by the oligodendrocytes , cells which also play a crucial role in establishing axoglial interactions responsible for clustering of sodium channels at the nodes of Ranvier . The importance of the OLGs and myelin is underscored by the clinical disability resulting from demyelinating diseases such as multiple sclerosis . Because a single OLG forms multiple myelin internodes, loss of even few cells leads to demyelination of several axons.
Cardiovascular  disease remains the leading cause of death in the United States,  although it is preventable through nutrition and physical activity. Latinos are less likely to receive prevention messages than other racial/ethnic groups  in part due to limited access to health services. Computer technology is rarely used for health promotion among Latinos, although it may greatly extend the reach, fidelity and sustainability of health promotion efforts.
The capacity of the adult cortex to undergo reorganization was first demonstrated in the pioneering studies of Merzenich, Kaas and colleagues . In these studies the median nerve, which innervates the medial volar surface of the hand in primates, was transected and electrophysiological recordings were carried out in the somatosensory cortex. Acute mapping revealed that islands of novel receptive field inputs conveyed by the intact radial and ulnar nerves were immediately expressed in the “median nerve cortex” .
Despite the introduction of highly active antiretroviral therapy  which efficiently suppresses viral replication and normalizes immunologic parameters, a significant number of HIV 1   infected patients show progressive loss of cognitive abilities. These cognitive deficits are collectively termed HIV associated neurocognitive disorder . The pathogenesis of HAND involves activation of monocytes and their subsequent recruitment into the central nervous system  altering blood brain barrier  function and resulting in HIV 1 encephalitis  .
Recent estimates suggest that 40% of currently marketed drugs and up to 75% of drugs in development may be regarded as ‘poorly water soluble’ . A range of delivery technologies have been developed to address the issues of low water solubility and slow dissolution and these include manipulation of crystal form  and particle size, the use of complexation agents such as cyclodextrins and the application of formulation approaches such as solid dispersions . For poorly water soluble lipophilic drugs, lipid based formulations have particular appeal and may enhance absorption, and for a subset of extremely lipophilic drugs , although exceptions are apparent ), also promote intestinal lymphatic transport  .
Juvenile primary fibromyalgia syndrome  is a pediatric chronic pain condition typically first diagnosed in the early adolescent years, and affecting mostly females . Assessments of physical and psychosocial functioning in JPFS, as in most studies of chronic pain, have relied almost exclusively on self report , . First, it is unknown whether self report instruments reliably reflect the impact of pain on actual physical functioning because adolescents’ self report of physical functioning may be inconsistent with actual activity.
During the past few years it has been recognized that non coding RNAs play a much wider than anticipated role in many aspects of the replication, processing, modification and regulation of genetic information. Similar to a retrotransposon, VS RNA is converted into a DNA plasmid through enzymatic action of a reverse transcriptase encoded on the coexisting V retroplasmid. Self cleavage and re ligation by the embedded VS ribozyme to regenerate circular monomeric VS RNA is thus an important feature of satellite replication in the fungal host .
Tetralogy of Fallot  is a cyanotic congenital heart lesion with a prevalence of 0.26 0.80 per 1000 live births, accounting for approximately 10 percent of all cases of congenital heart disease. The surgical repair of TOF involves closure of the ventricular septal defect  and relief of the right ventricular  outflow tract obstruction. Originally, surgical repair of TOF was performed in older children; however, current clinical management involves complete repair in infancy, usually before the age of one year.
Hypoxia inducible factor 1  is a heterodimeric transcription factor that plays a key role in cellular adaptations to hypoxia  by controlling the expression of a series of genes involved in angiogenesis, oxygen transport and glucose metabolism . Hypoxia occurs in many pathological processes, including ischemic heart disease, stroke, cancer, chronic lung disease, and congestive heart failure . Thus, HIF 1 has attracted a great deal of attention in the past few decades and serves as a pharmaceutical and gene therapeutic target for many diseases .
Vesicular stomatitis virus  is the prototypic rhabdovirus belonging to the order Mononegavirales. The VSV genomic RNA contains a 3’ terminal leader region and a 5’ terminal 59 nt trailer region and in between these terminal regions are the genes for five major proteins: the nucleocapsid  protein, the phosphoprotein , which is a cofactor of the viral RNA dependent RNA polymerase  and a solubility factor for the N protein , the matrix  protein, the glycoprotein , and the large  protein, the major component of the RdRp . Replication initiates at the 3’ end of the viral genome with the RdRp synthesizing a complementary copy of the negative sense genome, which is then used as a template for the asymmetric synthesis of progeny genomes that can be assembled into virus particles.
High Intensity Focused Ultrasound  aims at thermally coagulating the tissue at the focus of the transducer through application of a continuous high energy acoustic beam. Nevertheless, a few major hurdles still exist in the path of widespread clinical translation of HIFU surgery. Although limited by an upper limit in detectable temperature rise , this technique has been validated theoretically and experimentally in thermal lesion assessment  and real time monitoring of HIFU lesion formation in vitro .
Ventilator associated pneumonia  occurs in up to 20% of patients mechanically ventilated for >48 h and is typically associated with mortality rates of ~30%. VAP therefore has a higher mortality than any other hospital acquired infection, and exerts a large financial burden on health services. Although estimates of the attributable mortality vary, most studies describe a significant associated mortality and morbidity.
The two mouse pituitary cell lines, αT3 1 and LβT2, were established by targeted oncogenesis using the promoter of either the common α subunit gene , or that of the luteinizing hormone β subunit . They have proven an invaluable tool in the study of regulation of the gonadotropins and allowed a major surge in advancement of this field over the last decade . The cells represent gonadotrophs at approximately 11 or 16.5 days of mouse embryonic development; the immature αT3 1 gonadotroph cells express the common α subunit  but neither of the gonadotropin β subunit genes, although they do express the GnRH receptor and the transcription factors known to be required for β subunit gene expression.
Exfoliation syndrome can lead to serious ocular disease, such as secondary glaucoma and retinal vein occlusion. It can also lead to premature cataract and is frequently associated with cataract surgery complications. The underlying pathologic mechanisms of exfoliation syndrome that lead to the characteristic extracellular deposits in the anterior segment of the eye is believed to involve disordered extracellular matrix metabolism; this is bolstered by the established link with common variants in the gene LOXL1 that codes for lysyl oxidase like 1 enzyme, which catalyzes the first step in the formation of crosslinks in collagens and elastin.
Thrombosis is a major complication of hypertension  and other risk factors for cardiovascular disease . Angiotensin II has been implicated as a mediator of the thrombosis that accompanies HTN based on clinical studies that demonstrate a lower incidence of thrombotic events in patients treated with either angiotensin converting enzyme  inhibitors or angiotensin II receptor blockers  . These abnormalities have also been linked to AngII, with ACE inhibitors and/or ARBs showing efficacy in reducing TF activity and PAI 1 levels  and in inhibiting platelet activation and aggregation in HTN patients  .
Vascular injury and subsequent thrombus formation are key events of thrombotic disorders such as myocardial infarction, stroke or deep vein thrombosis and they are a major cause of mortality in western countries. Thrombolytic therapy is an important means of establishing reperfusion after a thrombotic event. Currently, only plasminogen activators have been approved by regulatory agencies as thrombolytics .
Cryptococcus gattii is a basidiomycetous yeast within the Cryptococcus pathogenic species complex . C. gattii is subdivided into two serotypes , and Multilocus Sequence Typing  reveals four major C. gattii lineages  . No or limited genetic exchange appears to occur between VG groups, indicating these likely represent cryptic species  .
A common cognitive strategy for dealing with distressing thoughts is to attempt to suppress the unwanted and intrusive thoughts from one’s mind . Early work on the concept of thought suppression included the classic white bear experiments by  in which participants were instructed not to think about a white bear. Individuals with panic disorder as well as other anxiety disorders report higher levels of AS than the general population .
In 2011, the American Board of Internal Medicine Foundation created the Choosing Wisely initiative, which encourages physicians to be responsible stewards of finite healthcare resources. Through this programme, specialty societies have created lists of “Five Things Physicians and Patients Should Question”. Cardiac testing in low risk patients appears on the Choosing Wisely lists of six specialty societies .
It is increasingly apparent that tumorigenesis depends not only on the acquisition of genetic alterations, but also on epigenetic perturbations that add an important layer of transcriptional control to the cancer genome. In addition to promoter hypermethylation, regional modification of chromatin may render genes susceptible to silencing in cancer cells . These post translational modifications, including acetylation, phosphorylation, ubiquitination, or methylation, occur primarily in the N terminal tails of histones .
Endogenously released nitric oxide  plays an important role in the control of vascular and tubular function in the kidney . The contribution of endogenous NO to renal function has been established, in part, from the responses to L arginine analogues that inhibit nitric oxide synthase  and elicit renal vasoconstriction in dogs and rodents . Furthermore, systemic infusion of NOS inhibitors is followed not only by a decrease in renal blood flow  but also by a prominent increase of mean arterial pressure , whereas the intra arterial administration leads mostly to renal vasoconstriction .
Gastric cancer  is the fourth most common malignancy, but the second most common cause of cancer related death worldwide . Helicobacter pylori is a bacterium that infects the gastric epithelium of approximately 50% of the world’s population, and is designated by the World Health Organization as a Type I  carcinogen. Alternatively, H. pylori infection may also cause duodenal ulcer , but these patients usually do not develop gastric cancer , and so it is thought that these individuals develop a host response to H. pylori infection that is different from that in gastric cancer patients .
Chemotherapeutic modalities have significant side effects including high costs and poor clinical outcomes . The controlled release approach thus is attractive in research and treatment . The release can be described in two approaches: temporal and distribution.
Angiogenesis  plays an important role in physiological processes and in pathological conditions such as cancer and age related macular degeneration . The initiation of angiogenesis is dependent on a dynamic balance between proangiogenic and anti angiogenic factors. A positive balance in favor of angiogenic factors leads to new vessel formation, whereas the prevalence of anti angiogenic factors shifts the equilibrium to vessel quiescence or under particular circumstances, even to vessel regression by inducing apoptosis in ECs  .
Esophageal adenocarcinomas commonly express the Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor . This trial assessed the six month overall survival probability in metastatic esophageal cancer patients treated with cetuximab as second line therapy . Eligibility included 1) a histologic diagnosis of adenocarcinoma of the thoracic esophagus or gastroesophageal junction; 2) measurable disease by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors ; 3) one prior regimen of chemotherapy for metastatic or recurrent disease.
China has experienced a rapid increase in diabetes prevalence among adults, from 3% in 1994 to 11.6% in 2010 . Addressing lifestyle behaviors such as diet is important for prevention efforts, and dietary patterns may be particularly useful, as estimated effects of single nutrients or foods may be too small to detect and diet patterns may closely reflect actual eating behavior. To address this gap and represent long term exposure to a dietary pattern, we used latent class trajectory analysis  to identify subgroups of subjects sharing similar trajectories over 15 years., We used a dietary pattern previously identified to be associated with diabetes in this population .
Sulfur mustard  sulfide), is a strong vesicant and an alkylating chemical warfare agent. It was first used in World War I and has since been utilized in numerous conflicts, including the IraqIran war . Several reports show that HD induced tissue toxicity is mainly due to its alkylating properties, enhanced production of inflammatory cytokines, and increased oxidative stress owing to production of damaging reactive oxygen species  .
Recent technological and computational advances have made it possible to study biology as an information science . While many advances have been made in organizing biological information, much information is still scattered and needs to be extracted directly from scientific publications. Recently, projects such as the Cancer Census have started to systematically collect and annotate information that is biologically relevant to a given area of study .
In the peripheral nervous system, nerve injury is followed by Wallerian degeneration, in which the axons undergo demyelination. Typically after injury, SCs also de differentiate into an immature phenotype, proliferate, and align in the remaining basal lamina to guide regenerating axons from the proximal to the distal end of the nerve . Growth factors represent one potential group of environmental cues that could influence SC differentiation.
Humans in negative emotional states commonly exhibit a negative judgement bias when confronted with ambiguous stimuli . Since then, a number of studies have found evidence for judgement biases elicited by both positive and negative affective states in a wide range of species, including mammals , birds  and insects . Judgement biases were not only elicited by long term treatments lasting for several days or weeks , but also by short term treatments lasting for no more than a few minutes .
Neural encoding of complex learned motor skills is poorly understood. Network oscillations are also implicated in arrhythmic behaviors, such as reaching . In general, local interneurons sculpt and coordinate the activity of principal neurons that project to more distant targets .
Hyperdopaminergia has been implicated in numerous neuropsychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Dopaminergic homeostasis is maintained by the dopamine  transporter , a Na+/Cl−   dependent transmembrane transporter containing 12 putative transmembrane domains , which functions to take up released DA from the synaptic cleft . DAT abnormalities have been implicated in schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder  .
Sall4 is a highly conserved C2H2 zinc finger transcription factor that exists in two isoforms  generated by an internal splicing event in exon two . Sall4 is homologous to the Drosophila spalt gene and interacts with a core stem cell network to maintain pluripotency and self renewal in embryonic stem cells  . Traditionally, it was felt that transcription factors regulate gene expression by binding DNA to exert either “on”  or “off”  effects on gene transcription.
In recent years, array comparative genomic hybridization has been used to map chromosome regions that contain genes required for normal diaphragm formation . These array studies and previous cytogenetic case reports have shown that monosomy for distal chromosome 4p16 can be associated with congenital diaphragmatic hernia . Deletions of 4p16 are also associated with WolfHirschhorn syndrome , and there are several reports of WHS patients who have had terminal deletions of chromosome 4p and CDH .
In the 1930s Mary Crowell and Clive McCay reported that rats submitted to calorie restriction  live almost twice as long as non restricted rats. Since that time, findings from a diverse range of species support the view that CR exerts beneficial effects on health and longevity . The mechanisms of these effects involve alterations in insulin production and sensitivity, body temperature, systolic blood pressure, serum triglycerides, glycation products, and oxidative damage to skeletal muscle .
Juvenile hormones , the unique sesquiterprenoid hormones synthesized and secreted by the corpora allata  region of ring glands play important roles in insect embryonic development, metamorphosis, and reproduction . JH is critical for insect maturation and the concentration of JH is regulated by tissue specific rates of biosynthesis, release, and degradation . Insects synthesize FPP, the 15 carbon precursor of JH, dolichol, ubiquinon and prenylated proteins, from acetyl CoA via the classical mevalonate pathway.
Medical professional liability  remains an area of intense concern for physicians of all specialties. It is also an area of concern for policymakers, with estimated annual direct and indirect costs from the liability system  of over $55 billion in the U.S. Despite growing evidence on how MPL risk varies according to physician specialty,  limited data are available on the liability risk faced by U.S. cardiologists,  specialists for whom the MPL landscape may be particularly complicated.
Death from cardiovascular diseases  is a profound clinical and public health challenge, claiming over 910,000 lives per year in the United States. , It is by far, the leading cause of death in this and most industrialized nations. Approximately 60% of deaths from CVD  are sudden cardiac deaths.
Animal models of CNS damage have been used for decades to understand how surviving neurons reorganize their connectivity after losing input from the site of an injury. It is hoped that such an understanding will facilitate efforts to improve adaptive neural restructuring and behavioral outcome. A prominent focus of animal brain injury models has been on neural changes relevant to hand and arm function because upper extremity impairments are a leading long term disability resulting from stroke .
The ability to grip objects allows us to perform many activities of daily living such as eating and drinking. When we lift an object there is a parallel increase in grip force and load force before lift off . Since explicit information about the weight of an object is available only at lift off, individuals use visual information of the object's properties to predicatively scale appropriate fingertip forces .
Hypercholesterolemia plays a central role in the pathology and exacerbation of numerous diseases, with reduction and management of cholesterol levels advised for multiple diseases, including cardiovascular disease,  and diabetes, . Multiple strategies exist for reducing both LDL C and total cholesterol  levels that generally start with lifestyle changes . However, if these steps are insufficient to achieve the targeted reduction in LDL C and TC, pharmaceutical intervention can be useful.
Epigenetic silencing of tumor suppressor genes via DNA hypermethylation has been established as a common hallmark of oncogenesis . Recent pharmacological interventions for reversal of epigenetic gene silencing in cancer have focused on inhibiting DNA methyltransferases , which establish the DNA methylation marks, and histone deacetylases , which are part of transcriptional repressive complexes that signal chromatin compaction via removal of acetylation modifications on histone tails . However, there has been little effort in developing inhibitors of the methyl binding domain class of proteins, despite the findings from several recent reports credentialing these proteins, particularly the MBD2 protein, as anti cancer drug development targets.
Over 90% of children with standard risk acute lymphoblastic leukemia  become long term survivors . As such, families experience many financial, psychosocial, and family management burdens. In addition to inclusion of patients with heterogeneous cancers, past studies of the family burden of childhood ALL were in earlier treatment eras or used retrospective data.
Early repolarization , thought previously to be a benign entity, was recently shown, to be more prevalent in patients with a history of idiopathic ventricular fibrillation. Electrocardiographic Imaging ,, is a novel noninvasive imaging modality that generates electroanatomic maps of epicardial activation and repolarization . ECGI was applied to image the cardiac epicardial activation and repolarization patterns and compare these to previously published data, of normal human cardiac electrophysiology.
Cilia serve important functions as motile organelles in most eukaryotic organisms, and also serve as sensory signaling platforms even when motility has been lost, as seen in many cell types of multicellular metazoa, including vertebrates. This broad range of functions has stimulated much recent work on mechanisms that regulate the trafficking of proteins to and from the ciliary compartment . In addition, loss of ciliary motility in the majority of human Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia  cases has been linked to defects in axonemal dynein ATPase assembly .
NF κB represents a family of inducible transcription factors that regulates the expression of genes involved in apoptosis and cell proliferation. NF κB exists as a heterodimeric complex of Rel family proteins  that is physically confined to the cytoplasm through its interaction with inhibitor κB  proteins. Elevated NF κB DNA binding activity has been demonstrated both in breast cancer cell lines and primary breast cancer tissues .
Cutis laxa  is a rare connective tissue disorder characterized by lax, redundant, and inelastic skin. CL is a genetically heterogenous condition including the autosomal dominant  and autosomal recessive  forms. The autosomal dominant form is caused by mutations in the elastin  gene and presents with additional manifestations such as gastrointestinal diverticula, hernias, uterine prolapse, pulmonary artery stenosis, aortic and arterial dilatation and tortuosity, Raynaud's phenomenon, bronchiectasis, and emphysema .
Lipins are highly conserved, dual function proteins centrally involved in both lipid metabolism and the regulation of the expression of certain genes. They are phosphatidic acid phosphatases that generate diacylglycerol as an intermediate in the production of triacylglycerol and phospholipids. They are peripherally associated with the endoplasmic reticulum where they participate in lipid metabolism but also can travel to the nucleus and influence the activity of a number of transcription factors, thereby potentially linking lipid metabolism to gene expression.
Na+/H+ exchanger regulatory factor 1  is a multi domain scaffolding protein localized in the apical membrane of polarized epithelial cells belonging to the Na+ H+ exchanger regulatory factor family of proteins . Members of this protein family interact with a number of tyrosine kinase receptors, G protein coupled receptors and ion transport proteins . In addition, NHERF1 ezrin interactions are involved in regulating cell shape and migration, and has been implicated in cancer through interactions with platelet derived growth factor receptor , merlin , β catenin and PTEN  .
The effects of stressors on alcohol seeking in laboratory rodents have been investigated for a number of years using the reinstatement procedure. We and others have shown that exposure to the environmental stressor intermittent footshock induces reinstatement of extinguished responding for alcohol, while social defeat or restraint has no effect . Different pharmacological stressors also vary in their effects on reinstatement.
Multiple system atrophy  is a sporadic, adult onset disease characterized by progressive neurodegeneration in various parts of the central nervous system involving in particular the basal ganglia, brainstem, cerebellum, and intermediolateral cell columns of the spinal cord but also the cerebral cortex. , Neuropathological hallmark of MSA are α synuclein positive oligodendroglial cytoplasmic inclusions . Clinically, MSA patients present with various combinations of parkinsonism, cerebellar ataxia, and autonomic failure, most notably orthostatic hypotension and urinary incontinence.
HIV stigma as a barrier to HIV prevention and treatment has been documented. Targeting norms, attitudes, and views has reduced HIV risk behavior in different subgroups ; however, interventions specifically targeting HIV stigma are lacking domestically . Furthermore, studies that measure HIV stigma in vulnerable Black and Latino groups are scant.
Overexpression of matrix metalloproteinases  is a hallmark of invasive cancers . Membrane bound MMP 14 may play a particularly important role, e.g., MMP 14 knockout mice have severe collagen turnover deficiency . One of the critical functions of collagenolytic MMPs in cancer is clearing an invasion path through the barrier of type I collagen fibers in stroma and blood vessel walls .
This paper grew out of an American Academy of Pediatrics project reviewing progress in the area of children's oral health since the Surgeon General's Report on Oral Health. It includes a summary of key advances in national dental care and oral health surveillance of children with special health care needs , and presents more recent national data on dental care need among CSHCN. Prior to the year 2000, there existed no population based study describing the dental care utilization or needs among children with special health care needs  residing in the United States.
Phosphorylation of the regulatory light chain  of smooth muscle and non muscle myosin affects two major properties of these class II myosins: it enhances the actin activated ATPase activity , and it affects the solubility of myosin by favoring filament formation . Conversely, the “free” head can be docked onto actin without steric interference from the “blocked” head, thereby explaining the retention of actin binding in the inhibited state . Addition of salt unfolds 10S myosin back to the typical 6S structure.
The main function of cell membranes is to prevent the uncontrolled exchange of highly polar species, especially ions, between the cell and its environment. Valuable information has been obtained by all atom molecular dynamics simulations. For example, it has repeatedly been observed that insertion of charged groups in the nonpolar membrane interior generates “water defects” which apparently reduce the free energy cost of partitioning .
The WilliamsBeuren syndrome  is characterized by mental retardation with unique cognitive and personality profile and multiple dysmorphic and metabolic features. WBS is caused by a microdeletion of a 1.55 or 1.84 Mb region mapping to chromosome band 7q11.23, that contains about two dozen of genes. The hemizygosity of this region is almost exclusively due to sporadic de novo deletions.
Enamel, the outermost tissue of the human tooth, serves as a protective enclosure for the dentin and the vital pulp . Due to specimen size constraints imposed by the limited volume of enamel in human teeth, most studies on the mechanical behavior of enamel have been conducted using indentation techniques. With regards to spatial distribution, both the hardness and elastic modulus increase as a function of distance from the DEJ ; the outer  enamel exhibits the highest hardness, elastic modulus and brittleness  .
The input to any one cortical neuron consists largely of the output from other cortical cells . This simple observation, combined with experimental measurements of cortical activity, impose powerful constraint on models of cortical circuits. Violations of self consistency pose a challenge for theoretical models of cortical networks .
Estrogen related receptor alpha  is an orphan member of the nuclear receptor  superfamily that shares considerable structural homology to the classical estrogen receptors ERα and ERβ. This latter finding is somewhat paradoxical given that cancers are generally thought to rely predominantly on glycolytic metabolism . However, it now appears that neither physiological nor synthetic ERα ligands are likely to interact in a significant manner with ERRα.
Intimate partner violence  is a highly prevalent and concerning problem among substance abusing populations. For example, in a recent study involving a national U.S. sample, individuals with a history of either IPV victimization or perpetration were found to be up to 6 times more likely to have a substance use disorder after adjusting for socioeconomic factors . Studies have repeatedly demonstrated a link between alcohol and illicit drug use and a greater likelihood of being both a perpetrator of IPV as well as a victim .
Plants are subject to a variety of biotic and abiotic stresses such as the presence of pathogens, insect or mechanical injury, and several environmental stresses. Many of these adaptive responses are regulated by the plant hormone jasmonic acid and its derivatives, collectively referred to as jasmonates . However, due to the current lack of tools to visualize the sites of JA perception in planta, there are major gaps in our understanding of how JA exerts its effects locally or systemically.
Pyridoxal 5′ phosphate  is a necessary cofactor of enzymes involved in many reactions of amino acid metabolism, such as transamination, elimination, etc. . By virtue of its aldehyde moiety, PLP is normally conjugated to a Lys residue in the active site of PLP dependent enzymes as a Schiff base, which is then transferred onto the incoming amino group of the substrate molecule .
Type 2 diabetes and its associated cardiovascular complications comprise a worldwide health threat. , Multiple mechanisms have been proposed to drive diabetes associated heart dysfunction including: 1) glucose toxicity ; 2) microvascular disease; 3) mitochondrial dysfunction, and; 4) lipid toxicity. , Evidence supports a role for lipid metabolic derangements in the development of cardiomyocyte dysfunction in the insulin resistant and diabetic heart;, both lipid accumulation and excessive fatty acid  oxidation  are postulated to cause cardiomyocyte toxicity.
Gene amplifications and overexpressions are among the major genomic aberrations involved in the esophageal squamous cell carcinomas  pathogenesis . Our recent work of comparative DNA fingerprinting with inter simple sequence repeat PCR  identified a series of amplifications and deletions in ESCC . Further analysis of the amplified ISSR PCR bands in ESCC led to the identification of a frequently amplified 357 bp sequence that showed an exact homology to an expressed sequence tag  sequence  at 7q22.
The intracellular lipid second messenger sn 1, 2 diacylglycerol  constitutes a signaling node linking external stimuli to a broad range of critical cellular functions. DAG interacts with its downstream effectors via a specialized motif, the C1 domain. Following the identification of C1 domains in PKCs, 6 additional families of proteins have been identified with functional C1 domains that likewise recognize DAG, linking DAG signaling to distinct effector pathways.
Active transit to work  has received increased attention as a contributor to physical activity and health. , However, active transit to neighborhood amenities such as nearby stores or parks has received less attention, and little is known about cycling versus walking for transportation . Neighborhood amenities are central to urban planning strategies that encourage alternative transportation modes by placing retail and other destinations close to homes.
Space flight and bed rest  lead to muscle atrophy. This study assessed the effect of essential amino acid supplementation  and resistance training with decreased energy intake on molecular changes in skeletal muscle after 28d BR and 14d recovery . Thirty one men  subjected to an 8±6% energy deficit were randomized to receive EAA without resistance training , EAA 3 h after , or 5 min before  resistance training .
Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a multifactorial disease, with the interaction of genetic susceptibility, age, lifestyle, and environmental factors contributing to its development. Some epidemiologic and experimental evidence suggests that chronic exposure to cadmium  may be associated with an increased risk for developing dysglycemia and diabetes mellitus  . However, other epidemiologic studies have shown mixed or no such association .
Protein phosphorylation is one of the most common and important post translational modifications . Phosphorylation plays a pivotal role in the regulation of many biological processes, such as cell growth, division, and signaling. Dysregulation of these phosphorylation mediated signaling pathways has been found to be the underlying basis of many human diseases such as cancers and heart diseases.
p21 WAF1/Cip1, a member of Cip/Kip family and a transcriptional target of p53, functions mainly as a regulator of cell cycle progression and differentiation by inhibiting cyclin dependent kinase  activity . More recently, emerging evidence suggests additional functions for p21 including a role in regulation of apoptosis . Thus, studies using p21 overexpression or knockout strategies have indicated that p21 can induce apoptosis .
The renin angiotensin system  is well known for its physiological and pathophysiological roles in the regulation of blood pressure  and cardiovascular function. , A new component of the RAS, Angiotensin  converting enzyme  2 has been identified, from human heart failure ventricle and lymphoma cDNA libraries . Although the ACE2 transcript was first described in heart, kidney and testis, additional studies reported ACE2 mRNA in rat medulla oblongata and ACE2 activity in mouse brain.
The resistance of pathogenic microorganisms to current antibiotics is a public health problem of major concern. 2  A re emergence of historic diseases such as tuberculosis  and plague . 3  A new threat of bioterrorism that could make use of infectious agents such as Bacillus anthracis , C. botulicum , Francisella tularensis , Coxiella burnetii , Richetsia prowasek .
Besides its role in coagulation, thrombin elicits both mitogenic and motogenic actions in a variety of cell types, including vascular smooth muscle cells  . Thrombin mediates its effects via G protein coupled protease activated receptors , specifically the high affinity receptor, PAR 1 . In addition, thrombin induced mitogenic and motogenic effects exhibit a requirement for transactivation of receptor tyrosine kinases  such as epidermal growth factor receptor , fibroblast growth factor receptor 1  and insulin like growth factor I receptor  in various cell types, including VSMC .
Heart failure  is the most common reason for hospitalization in the US among those 65 years and older, and has a relatively poor prognosis . Studies of hospitalized HF focus mainly on patients that present to the hospital with symptoms of acute decompensated HF ; however, ADHF may develop after admission to the hospital . Post admission onset of ADHF may be iatrogenic such as precipitated by procedures or surgery, intravenous fluid administration, changes in medications, or it may be precipitated by a comorbid medical problem such as myocardial infarction , pulmonary embolus, or atrial fibrillation .
The cyclooxygenase enzymes COX 1 and COX 2 catalyze the first committed step in prostaglandin synthesis . The five downstream prostanoid products, PGE2, PGF2α, PGD2, PGI2 , and TXA2  are lipid signaling messengers that activate specific G protein coupled receptors  designated EP , FP, DP, IP, and TP receptors, respectively ). Activation of prostaglandin receptors leads to changes in the production of cAMP and/or phosphoinositol turnover and intracellular Ca2+ mobilization .
Klebsiella pneumoniae is an opportunistic pathogen, which has been implicated in serious nosocomial infections and associated with high rates of mortality, particularly in immunocompromised patients. Concerns have thus been generated in response to the escalation in the incidence of multidrug resistant  K. pneumoniae infections,  with the realization that effective therapeutic options are becoming increasingly limited. Extremely drug resistant strains, which are also resistant to polymyxins, have emerged., Structurally, LPS is composed of three domains:  the variable O antigen chain ;  a core oligosaccharide region and  the conserved lipid A moiety .
The term ductal carcinoma in situ  encompasses a heterogeneous group of lesions that differ in their clinical presentation, histopathologic features, biologic, molecular and genetic markers, and clinical course. The results of four randomized clinical trials demonstrated that the addition of radiation therapy following breast conserving surgery is associated with about a 50 % reduction in the risk of recurrence in the ipsilateral breast  when compared with breast conserving surgery alone . The addition of tamoxifen further reduces the risk of local recurrence  .
Neurochemistry is concerned with the study of molecular and cellular processes of the nervous system and their relationship to function. Energy metabolism and neurotransmission are two crucial processes affecting almost all aspects of cerebral function. Glutamatergic neurotransmission has been assessed as a glutamate glutamine neurotransmitter cycle between neurons and astroglia .
Though otitis media  is a prevalent condition responsible for conductive hearing loss in the pediatric population and substantial healthcare costs totaling several billion dollars annually in the US, little is still known about the molecular pathophysiology of this condition. Increased production and secretion of mucins in middle ear epithelium , in response to the inflammatory events which occur in OM, provides both protection to the middle ear  and contributes to ME pathology that can subsequently occur. Mucins, such as mucin gene 5AC , participate in protecting the underlying ME epithelium from pathogen invasion, pathogen damage and assist with pathogen clearance.
In chronic myelogenous leukemia , Bcr Abl, the fusion protein derived from the Philadelphia chromosome, is the constitutively activated protein tyrosine kinase, which is largely unregulated. Continuous targeting of Bcr Abl can lead to blastic transformation due to activation of other oncogenes and inactivation of tumor suppressor genes. More potent forms of IM  have been developed for the treatment of IM resistant patients, but they fail to kill cells from the blast crisis stage.
Sepsis and septic shock affirm their clinical significance as one of the leading causes of death in intensive care units as well as the 10th overall cause of death of men and women in the United States . In this respect, while historically, T lymphocytes/ T cells have been thought of primarily as contributors to the development and control of the adaptive immune response, it is becoming increasingly clear that sub population of these cells, known as regulatory T cell populations, i.e., T regulatory cells, γδ T cells, etc., may play critical roles in mediating both innate as well as adaptive immune response . NKT cells have been previously shown to regulate the immune response in other infectious and autoimmune disease models .
Traumatic SCI results in the loss of motor and sensory pathways, which has devastating consequences for injured patients. However, investigation of experimental therapies at a time point when the injury has stabilized allows the therapy to be evaluated under conditions that are more similar to those that would be applicable for a broader patient group. The molecular and cellular makeup of the injury environment has been shown to be important for endogenous regeneration in most mammalian tissues .
Transplantation of foreign cellular, tissue, and organ grafts represents an important therapeutic modality for the treatment of various inherited and acquired disorders, such as end organ failure, autoimmunity, malignancies, and congenital enzyme deficiencies. Irrespective of extensive efforts, the routine and consistent induction of transplantation tolerance in the clinic remains to be realized  . In particular, in settings of organ, tissue, and primary cell transplantation where rapid and robust expression of immunological proteins are a prerequisite for therapeutic efficacy, gene therapy has severe limitations.
Engineered metal nanoparticles  have been widely used in cosmetics, painting, textiles, water treatment, batteries, and automobiles. Surface coating agents, whether organic, inorganic, or polymeric, are an integral part of the NPs. Surface coating agents bonded to the surface of NPs can protect NPs from direct interaction with the environment, thus avoiding reactions between them.
Terrestrial mammals have two sleep states, rapid eye movement  sleep and non REM  sleep, which have different physiological characteristics and, possibly, distinct functions . Sleep cycle length varies extensively across mammalian species , from about 6 min  to c. 90 min . Whilst many studies have examined the correlates of species differences in the total daily amount of time spent sleeping and in REM and NREM sleep , less is known about interspecific variation in how sleep is organized through the daily cycle, specifically the duration of the REMNREM sleep cycle and the number of sleep bouts per day .
According to a recent report by a major healthcare insurer in Ireland, after heart bypass, the second most expensive treatment was knee replacement, and the third most common treatment was hip replacement. Surgical interventions to correct altered biomechanics of large joints such as partial or total knee and hip joint replacement are the most common and effective treatments for severely damaged joints by OA. , To date, despite many studies, no treatment is known to change the course of symptomatic OA.
Formulation of drugs encapsulated in liposomes can increase their delivery to brain tumors after intravenous injection due to extended circulating half life of the drug that permits tumor deposition via an impaired blood tumor barrier over time . However, few studies have investigated brain tissue uptake of liposomes after a short exposure following the intraarterial  injections. reported 15 fold greater uptake of magnetically targeted cationic liposomes after IA injection, compared to intravenous injection .
With an estimated 186,320 new cases and 28,660 deaths in 2008 in the United States, prostate carcinoma is one of the most common cancers in older men in Western countries. Despite an initial response to androgen deprivation therapy, patients with progressive prostate cancer often develop multiple bone metastases. Osteoblastic bone metastases in prostate cancer appear on plain radiographs as areas of increased density  and on bone scans as hot spots of increased bone formation.
Cirrhosis and other forms of chronic liver disease are the fourth leading cause of general mortality in Mexico . Globally, the impact of chronic liver disease, including infection with HBV and HCV is quite significant, as liver cancer is the third most common cause of death due to cancer . Estimates indicate that the prevalence of HBV infection in Mexico is between 0.11 and 0.32% ; approximately 1.7 million Mexicans have been infected with HBV and 107,000 are chronic carriers .
Leptin, a satiety peptide secreted mainly by adipocytes in proportion to the degree of adiposity, crosses the bloodbrain barrier via a saturable receptor mediated transport system  and acts through neural pathways to suppress appetite  and modulate sympathetic nervous system activity in various organs and tissues leading to increased thermogenesis, arterial pressure, and heart rate . Previous studies suggest that leptin may also regulate respiratory function. For instance, leptin deficient  mice are unable to increase ventilation during a CO2 challenge, suggesting impaired ventilatory control .
Until recently, tyrosine O sulfation  of proteins, a post translational modification, had received little attention. TOS occurs in the trans Golgi network  and involves the covalent transfer of a sulfate group from the universal sulfate donor 3′ phosphoadenosine 5′ phosphosulfate to a tyrosine moiety of the nascent target peptide . The sulfate transfer is catalyzed by two independent tyrosylprotein sulfotransferases  .
Epigenetic mechanisms, including DNA methylation, histone modifications and regulatory non coding RNAs play critical roles in neural development and maturation . The timing of Mecp2 expression with maturation of the CNS, and the delay in phenotypic effects due to developmental loss of MeCP2 suggests that MeCP2 plays a functional role in early postnatal rather than embryonic development . Genetic mouse models that compromise MeCP2 function demonstrate that MeCP2 is critical for normal neurobehavior .
The ability of cells to move within their environment is crucial for numerous physiological and pathological processes. In cancer metastasis, cell migration drives the invasion of tumor cells into the surrounding tissue and the dissemination to other organs. These studies have resulted in tremendous insights into the intricate processes occurring during cell migration, particularly at focal adhesions and the actin cytoskeleton.
Preeclampsia, a complex human disease that occurs in approximately 5% of pregnancies, most often in the third trimester, is defined by 2 distinct criteria: repeatedly elevated blood pressure  and proteinuria . Although its epidemiology remains elusive, there is a strong association with reduced uterine perfusion and abnormal placentation  . Unfortunately, there are no animal models that replicate the human condition.
Brain metastases are the most common intracranial tumors, outnumbering primary brain tumors by at least 10 fold . Melanoma is the third most common cancer producing brain metastases after carcinomas of the lung and breast . The prognosis of patients with melanoma brain metastasis is poor, and even the best available treatments provide a median survival of only 3.7 months for these patients .
Proper anesthetic dosage is crucial for the success of blood oxygen level dependent  functional magnetic resonance imaging  small animal experiments. A bench study in the present work showed that a constant infusion of medetomidine is not sufficient to maintain sedation for fMRI protocols longer than three hours. It is primarily used for short term procedures in veterinary medicine.
High blood pressure  affects more than 70 million Americans and is among the most common reasons for outpatient visits to physicians’ offices. Although HBP can be lowered pharmacologically,  anti hypertensive medications may be costly, oftentimes must be used in combination to achieve adequate blood pressure  control, and can be associated with side effects that impair quality of life and reduce adherence, . Moreover, metabolic abnormalities associated with HBP, such as insulin resistance and hyperlipidemia, may persist or may be exacerbated by some medications.
Over the past several decades, liquid crystals  confined within either direct or inverted emulsions have been widely explored as a new class of anisotropic soft matter. In direct emulsions, the LCs are confined within micrometer sized droplets dispersed within a continuous isotropic phase. The ordering of thermotropic LCs within droplets of direct emulsions has been shown to be influenced by the anisotropic elasticity of the LCs, the presence of topological defects, and interfacial interactions that can arise from hydrogen bonding, van der Waals forces, and electrical double layers.,, More recently, lyotropic chromonic LCs , which form nematic or hexagonal columnar phases through face to face stacking of plank like, polyaromatic molecules into columnar aggregates in aqueous solutions,, have also been characterized within emulsion droplets dispersed in immiscible isotropic oils.
Diverticular disease is well recognized as a common entity in Western culture, affecting nearly two thirds of the population over age 80. This is a heterogeneous disease, with a spectrum of presentations ranging from mild abdominal pain and fever, to gross rupture with ensuing peritonitis and shock. Afflicted patients may initiate and maintain their care in either the outpatient or inpatient arena, and require treatment approaches involving both primary care and surgery.
It is well established that AMPAR trafficking is a central event in several forms of synaptic plasticity. For example, AMPARs are inserted into the plasma membrane in NMDAR dependent long term potentiation , whereas AMPARs are internalized in NMDAR dependent long term depression  . This robust chemically induced synaptic plasticity also involves AMPAR internalization  .
Metalliferous mine tailings, especially those found in arid or semiarid environments, pose a long term health hazard for nearby urban populations through exposure to dust originating from the tailings and to tailings distributed into the local environment by water erosion . As such, these tailings remain devoid of a vegetative cover for decades or longer . Amendments such as compost, biosolids, and lime, as well as irrigation have been suggested to help plant establishment on tailings .
Pathological conditions associated with lentivirus infection in human and animal models include immune depletion, oral lesions caused by opportunistic infections, wasting, renal disease, and frequently a chronic inflammatory response. These conditions have been described as shared disease sequelae in humans infected with HIV, in macaques with SIV or chimeric S/HIV, and in domestic cats with FIV . In humans, loss of condition, or cachexia, is also AIDS defining .
Successful genetic manipulation of T cells has permitted their use for directed therapy for a variety of cancers and immune deficiency states. The most widely used method for genetic modification of T cells uses retroviral transduction. Non viral transposon systems are integrating gene delivery systems capable of achieving long term gene expression.
Placental abruption, the premature separation of the placenta prior to delivery of the fetus, is a serious obstetric complication, which affects approximately 1 in 100 pregnancies. Women with a previous abruption are at 10  to 15 fold increased risk of repeat abruption , suggesting a possible genetic link . Although some studies show increased risk of placental abruption among folate deficient women , others do not .
Nearly 14 million Americans are cancer survivors, and the survivor population is estimated to grow by nearly one third by 2022 . Better early detection methods, more effective treatments and overall population aging have all contributed to the rise in number of cancer survivors. Childhood cancer survivors represent less than 1% of all cancer survivors , yet compared to adult survivors, their late effects risks have been well characterized by the Childhood Cancer Survivors Study  and other cohort studies .
Under steady state conditions, NK cells are prevented from killing autologous cells by inhibitory NK cell receptors  binding `self' MHC class I molecules. The mechanisms underlying NK cell tolerance in man have been the subject of intense investigation and are informed by experiments in inbred mouse strains . Two non mutually exclusive mechanisms have been proposed:  HLA dictates NKR expression patterns, or  HLA modulates NK cell responsiveness depending on the combination of NKR expressed.
The acquisition of motor sequences is an essential part of our life, as we learn to play a sport, to drive our car, or even simply to dial the phone number of a new friend. Therefore, the acquisition of the sequence order, one of the sequence learning components, can be assessed through the progressive increase of the number of the correct anticipatory movements, a discrete variable that is defined based on changes in the movement onset times. We have captured these two situations with two motor tasks where the targets are presented at a constant time interval .
While there is continued interest in associating genes with disease using methods such as genome wide association studies , approximately 23% of disease burden and death can be attributed to environmental factors . It is important to associate diseases with a strong environmental component, including respiratory infections, cardiovascular disease, cerebrovascular disease, and asthma , with geographical environmental factors. Methods that consider spatial variation and interpretability of results will increasingly be utilized as clinical, environmental, and geographical datasets become more readily available.
Neighborhood research has a long history of investigating the relationships of neighborhood structural features, such as poverty , residential instability , and ethnic heterogeneity , with undesirable behaviors like crime and juvenile delinquency. Some recent research has extended these investigations to other outcomes beyond criminology, examining the effects of neighborhood structural features simultaneously in association with individual health outcomes . Work remains to be done, however, on understanding the “black box” of social mechanisms lying between structural neighborhood features and individual outcomes .
Excessive alcohol use in adolescence is associated with a range of adverse effects, including brain damage, academic failure, violence, injuries, unprotected sexual intercourse and later excessive use, alcoholism and early mortality . Within Europe, there are large variations in rates of drunkenness and frequency of drinking among adolescents . Adolescents’ alcohol use is influenced by the context in which they live .
B cell development is a highly ordered process that requires cells to progress through multiple checkpoints during maturation. B cells originate from the hematopoietic stem cell  pool and pass through multiple stages of development before becoming committed to the B lineage . If an in frame coding region is produced from these recombination events, the IgHC protein is expressed on the cell surface along with components of the surrogate light chain , including the λ5 and VpreB proteins and the Igα/Igβ heterodimer.
Accurate conversion of images into quantitative units of metabolite content is challenging because it requires knowledge of the proportionality factor between the quantity of excited nuclei and the intensity of the voxels in the processed image. In general, a very high degree of diligence is required to account for all of the parameters that affect this calibration factor . We previously described a synthetic signal injection method for MR spectroscopy that addresses some of the problems, such as variable coil loading conditions and receiver gain stability, associated with determining the conversion factor .
The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommends colorectal cancer  screening for adults aged 50 to 75 years . However, only 53% of US adults aged 50 and older were up to date with screening in 2008  . Personal health stories  or narratives  have been recognized as a tool for promoting cancer screening .
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is the most common adult motoneuron  degenerative disease, with a mean survival of only three to five years after symptom onset. Genetic studies have determined that a small portion of cases are inherited ; whereas 90% of cases are sporadic . Mutations in the gene encoding the enzyme Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase 1  make up nearly 20% of fALS cases and 7% of sALS cases  .
Meningioma is one of the most common central nervous system tumors and accounting for 32.1% of all reported brain tumors. They are most likely to be diagnosed in adults between 4070 years of age and significantly more common in women than in men with a greater than 2:1 ratio. The deletion in chromosome 22q associated with loss of the neurofibromatosis 2  gene has been one of the most common events associated with meningioma tumorigenesis.
Nematode parasites are a severe burden on the productive lives of humans and animals . Treatment of these conditions with anthelimintics is limited to three main classes of drugs, and drug resistance has emerged in humans  as well as in animals  against each of the three classes of anthelmintic. The appearance of multidrug resistance in nematode parasites  is a worrying development.
The presentation of pathogen derived peptides by MHC Class II or Class I molecules, either by classical or cross presentation pathways, all achieve the activation of the adaptive immune response. TLRs recognize conserved microbial products from a diverse class of pathogens and initiate signaling to induce inflammatory responses. The outcome of signaling is determined by specificity of the adapter usage by each TLR .
Sonography is routinely used to evaluate the deep internal structures of the male pelvic region, primarily the prostate and bladder. Sonography has become the imaging modality of choice for evaluation and treatment of pelvic floor dysfunction in women . These approaches have also been used to evaluate superficial structures.
Conventional wisdom holds that lasting serum antibody titers reflect the activity of long lived plasma cells  localized in specialized niches in the bone marrow  . However, BM PCs also arise via GC independent pathways , and many memory B cells also arise without maturing in GCs . However the extent to which the GC driven and GC independent pathways contribute to long lived BM PC pools is unknown .
Fast and predictable healing of bone grafts would provide great benefits for implant dentistry. One of the recent strategies to accelerate bone graft healing includes the use of platelet rich plasma . Since Balk reported in 1971 that growth factors may be preserved in platelets, platelets have been identified as containing factors such as platelet derived growth factor , transforming growth factor β , vascular endothelial growth factor , insulin like growth factor , hepatocyte growth factor , epidermal growth factor  like protein, and connective tissue activating peptide III .
With a lifetime prevalence of nearly 18% , anxiety disorders including generalized anxiety disorder , obsessive compulsive disorder , panic disorder and post traumatic stress disorder  are among the most common psychiatric conditions suffered by Americans and Europeans . In humans, the pathogenesis of anxiety is poorly understood but recently new triggers of anxiety have been described including oxidative stress  and inflammation  . Common to these intertwined physiologic processes is the generation of the pleotropic cytokine IL 1β .
Working memory refers to the retention of information in conscious awareness when this information is not present in the environment, to its manipulation, and to its use in guiding behavior. For decades, an influential view has held that working memory functions are supported by the operation of specialized systems that act as buffers for the storage and manipulation of information . Neurobiological evidence consistent with this view includes evidence suggesting that prefrontal cortex  may be a neural substrate for storage buffers of this model .
Tsien and co workers introduced specific sequence encoded fluorophore binding tetra Cys motifs, which ligate biarsenical dyes via simultaneous formation of four covalent bonds . Biarsenical based fluorophores such as FlAsH have subsequently been widely used to specifically label proteins in vivo by introduction of the appropriate linear tetra Cys binding sequence, Cys Cys Xaa Yaa Cys Cys as a C  or N terminal tag. We exploited a FlAsH binding tetra Cys motif internal to a protein sequence to probe in vivo stability and aggregation using as a model protein the intracellular lipid binding protein, cellular retinoic acid binding protein or CRABP .
A normal liver as the primary site of hepatitis C virus  replication contains high percentage of CD3 CD56+ natural killer  cells . NK cells are a central component of the innate immune system and provide a critical first line of defence mechanism against viral infections through their rapid cytotoxic activity and production of antiviral cytokines, such as interferon gamma  . NK cells eliminate virus infected hepatocytes through direct lysis  or indirect  mechanisms.
The relationship between calcium and/or vitamin D supplementation and cardiovascular disease  remains controversial and recent studies have produced conflicting results. A recent randomized clinical trial suggested that calcium supplementation may increase the risk of cardiovascular events in postmenopausal women. Among 1471 women  in New Zealand, those randomized to 1000 mg of elemental calcium daily had twice the risk of myocardial infarction  and a borderline elevation in risk of a composite endpoint of MI, stroke, or sudden death , compared to women randomized to placebo.
The three small conductance calcium activated K+ channels KCa2.1 , KCa2.2 , and KCa2.3 , and the intermediate conductance KCa3.1 channel  play important roles in various physiological functions by modulating calcium signaling cascades and regulating membrane potential. Outside of the nervous system KCa2 channels, especially KCa2.3, are involved in blood pressure regulation , contractility of urinary bladder smooth muscle and metabolism . KCa2 channels are blocked by the 18 amino acid bee venom toxin apamin, the larger scorpion toxins scyllatoxin and tamapin and the permanently charged bisquaternary molecules d tubocurarine, dequalinium, UCL 1684 and UCL 1848 .
With the aid of a growing list of photosensitive probes, light microscopic methods are increasingly being used to make quantitative measurements of biochemical processes in single cells, to manipulate intracellular biochemistry, and to mimic intercellular signaling in living tissue. A commonly used approach in such experiments involves light activation  of chemically caged neurotransmitters . To create more diffuse and slow actions of glutamate over entire neurons or groups of neurons, large cylindrical excitation volumes have been created using lens based systems and laser , or lamp based illumination, .
A growing body of evidence indicates that there are differences between men and women in the vulnerability to drug abuse. Men report higher rates of recreational drug use and dependence compared to women. However, the percentage of female drug users is on the rise and cocaine abuse poses an increasing risk to the health of women .
Fibrosis is caused by increased tissue remodeling interrupting normal function and is a common cellular response to long term inflammation or cell injury . The effects of fibrosis are prominent in dermatological diseases such as scleroderma, graft versus host disease , keloids, and other fibrotic diseases. Fibrotic skin disorders can greatly impact patient quality of life with organ dysfunction and psychological sequelae .
Alcoholism is a major psychiatric condition as long term heavy ethanol consumption results in neuropsychological difficulties that affect physical health and memory along with social, family, and job responsibilities . Reduced volume of brain tissue, increased brain damage accompanied by cognitive deficits, and low densities of neuronal and glial cells have been reported in brains from human subjects with alcohol dependence . However, the molecular mechanism underlying the ethanol related brain damage is not yet clear .
Immune tolerance to self and foreign antigens must be actively maintained by CD4+Foxp3+ regulatory T  cells . The importance of these cells has been described in various human and murine disorders in which a lack of Treg cells results in fatal autoimmune pathology because of unregulated activation of T cells . Treg cells also infiltrate tumors and block beneficial T cellmediated anti tumor responses .
In many rodent species, including Syrian hamsters, male reproductive behavior depends critically on the perception of odor cues from conspecifics . Volatile odor cues are processed primarily by the main olfactory system , whereas non volatile cues are processed primarily by the accessory olfactory system  . Together, these two systems have been shown to mediate both appetitive and consummatory aspects of reproductive behavior in Syrian hamsters, including males’ attraction to vaginal secretions  and copulatory behavior  .
Carpal tunnel syndrome  is the most commonly encountered peripheral compressive neuropathy. While extensive research has focused on ergonomic and work place factors associated with the development of CTS, relatively little is known about the actual mechanism of direct mechanical insult to the median nerve . In these types of structure/shape studies, four main features have been identified that are commonly associated with carpal tunnel syndrome: enlargement of the median nerve, flattening of the median nerve, bulging of the transverse carpal ligament, and increased signal intensity of the median nerve on T2 weighted images.
Familial Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy  is an autosomal dominant genetic disorder largely expressed in genes encoding sarcomeric proteins. The clinical presentation of FHC is highly variable, but is a major cause of sudden cardiac death in young adults . Currently patients with FHC are being treated with conventional drugs for heart failure  at the onset of clinical symptoms .
The initial actin myosin binding step is thought to occur through long range electrostatic interactions, creating a weak collision complex that is followed by isomerization to the attached state and a second isomerization to a rigor like, strong binding state . Loop 2 connects myosin’s upper and lower 50 K domains . Because the loop is flexible, it is unresolved in most myosin II structures except for two from Dictyostelium discoideum .
Structure based computational methods for predicting proteinligand binding affinities are widely applied in the pharmaceutical industry, to virtually screen and enrich large compound libraries, for early stage lead identification, and in late stage lead optimization . As a consequence, there is still a need for improved techniques for computer aided ligand design  . Methods for predicting proteinligand binding affinities, such as docking and free energy simulations, are typically tuned and tested based on existing binding data.
Colorectal cancer is one of the most common cancers in industrialized countries. According to incidence data from the population based cancer registry in Shanghai, China, age adjusted colorectal cancer incidence rates increased more than 50%, from 14 to 22 per 100,000 among men and from 12 to 19 per 100,000 among women, between 1972 and 1994  . Since the meta analysis report, 13 cohort  and 9 case control studies  had evaluated the association.
  In 2007, a community based participatory research effort was initiated to conduct a needs assessment of educational concepts among PI young adults in Southern California. provides detailed demographics on key informant and focus group participants . Participants ranged in age from 13 to 33 years.
Mycosis Fungoides , the most common form of cutaneous T cell lymphoma, is a relatively rare disorder that is often clinically challenging to diagnose, as it can be difficult to discriminate from benign disorders,. For most patients, a normal lifespan can be expected as the disease usually takes the form of a chronic condition. Optimal care of patients with MF therefore requires ongoing management and access to medical resources, which creates the potential for racial or socioeconomic disparities among underserved populations .
Sepsis caused by infectious agents  or after “sterile sepsis”  is associated with the appearance in plasma of histones which are derived from nucleosomes containing histones that are tightly bound to coils of DNA, being released as the DNA unravels . Histones are known to be cell damaging for both parenchymal cells and vascular endothelial cells  and are highly prothrombotic . It is also known that a protective mechanism is hydrolysis and inactivation of histones by activated protein C .
Tobacco smoking is a major risk factor for malignancies of the lung, upper aero digestive tract , stomach, pancreas, liver, kidney, urinary tract, uterine cervix, and bone marrow. Epithelial cells in many of these organs are repeatedly exposed to components and metabolites of tobacco smoke, which are carcinogenic and potent inducers of inflammation. The high concentration of free radicals contained in and generated by tobacco smoke can lead to cancer through oxidative DNA damage mediated by inflammation associated production of reactive oxygen species .
The GATA binding protein 3  transcription factor is crucial to mammary gland morphogenesis and differentiation of progenitor cells, and continues to be expressed in normal breast luminal epithelial cells throughout puberty and pregnancy . Gene expression profiling aimed at correlating genotypic and phenotypic characteristics of breast tumors has implicated GATA3 in tumorigenesis of luminal A subtypes which are associated with more favourable survival than other subtypes . GATA3 expression is strongly correlated with ER expression , and its utility in predicting clinical outcome in ER positive tumors has also been reported .
Recombinant adeno associated virus , a nonpathogenic parvovirus, is being tested as a vector for gene therapy because of its safety profile and ability to produce durable transgene expression in a wide variety of cells. In this testing it become apparent that gene transfer is not devoid of immune response and that rAAV can serve as a vaccine vector and elicit biologically significant immune responses to microbial and other antigens, including tumor associated antigens. Plasmids have been effective in eliciting Th1 associated immunity in part due to their expression of unmethylated CpG motifs found in bacterial but not mammalian DNA.
Significant changes in eating and physical activity behaviors that cause weight loss can improve insulin resistance and other biological markers relevant to cardiovascular disease  risk in patients who are obese and have type 2 diabetes mellitus . Lifestyle modification is first line therapy in efforts to raise high density lipoprotein cholesterol  and to lower triglyceride levels. However, the response to behavioral intervention is inconsistent.
Despite recent advances in the treatment of melanoma, the success of systemic therapy for metastatic melanoma is limited . Melanoma cells evade elimination due to their complex phenotype, an efficient DNA repair system, protection from endoplasmic reticulum  stress, and presence of pro survival machinery that maintains cancer cells viability by counteracting apoptotic stimuli during tumor development and metastasis . The transcriptionally active form of ATF6 is produced by proteolysis .
GSK3 is a ubiquitously expressing multifunctional serine/threonine kinase which was originally identified in mammals as a critical mediator in glycogen metabolism and insulin signaling. Two GSK3 isoforms  are present in mammals which are encoded by two distinct genes located on different chromosomes. GSK3β is active in resting cells and is inactivated during cellular responses.
During development of the Drosophila embryo, the dorsoventral axis is established by signaling through the receptor Toll downstream of the proteolytic activation of Spätzle, its NGF related ligand . Ventral activity of the cascade relies on instructional information deposited within the perivitelline space during oogenesis. The molecular nature of this instructional cue and how it interacts with components of the proteolytic cascade are poorly understood and represent the major questions remaining in understanding this developmental pathway .
After decades of an increase in the prevalence of allergic diseases , recent studies report no further increase in asthma in countries with a high prevalence . Furthermore, most studies are questionnaire based, and a part of the increase of asthma may be attributable to increased awareness in the population and changed diagnostic criteria rather than a true increase . Objective measures of allergic sensitization are therefore of great importance.
Injury to the Anterior Cruciate Ligament  is an important clinical problem leading with two main consequences: immediate joint instability and early onset of osteoarthritis, both considerably painful and disabling . Due to these poor long term results even with the current gold standard of treatment, new methods for ACL repair are being sought ;  . Ongoing research has had an increased focus on repairing ACL ruptures using tissue engineering in the form of a suture repair enhanced with implanted provisional scaffold materials  to promote regeneration and healing ; .
Altman and colleagues first reported that new neurons are produced in the adult mammalian brain over forty years ago . BrdU is a thymidine analog that becomes integrated into cells undergoing DNA synthesis  this label is then visualized using immunohistochemistry . Using BrdU labeling, it has become accepted that new neurons are produced throughout adulthood in the dentate gyrus .
Diffusion tensor imaging   contrast in biological systems arises from water movement in the presence of barriers  that hinder water diffusion more in some orientations than others. The majority of DTI tractography studies to date are limited to tracking large white matter fibers. A unique feature of many of these approaches is that, in contrast to conventional DTI tractography, they do not assume Gaussian diffusion .
Cancer is frequently associated with the abnormal expression and phosphorylation of oncogenes. Specific hematopoietic tumors are frequently characterized by the discrete activation of specific oncogenes such as MYC. Targeted inactivation of oncoproteins is emerging as a specific and effective therapy for cancer,.
The mammalian brain contains relatively high concentrations of Zn2+ , reflecting its critical role not only as a structural component of numerous proteins and transcription factors but also as a neuromodulator and intracellular signaling messenger . Most cellular Zn2+ is tightly bound to metal binding proteins, limiting the normal amount of chelatable, “free” Zn2+ in the cytoplasm . Nonetheless, the liberation of neuronal Zn2+ from intracellular stores during oxidative and nitrative stress can readily trigger cell death signaling .
The ability to exert inhibitory control during a single trial exists even in infancy, suggesting that the circuitry supporting transient inhibitory control is available early in development . However, the ability to exert inhibitory control in a persistent fashion continues to mature through adolescence, evidenced by improved rates of correct inhibitory responding . One factor that may account for this improvement is development of the ability to maintain an inhibitory “task set” over time .
Hypoparathyroidism, a disorder in which PTH is low or absent, is associated with unusual structural and dynamic features of bone . Using conventional 2D histomorphometry, iliac crest bone biopsy samples from hypoparathyroid subjects were recently found to display significant alterations in several indices of cancellous microarchitecture, including increased cancellous bone volume and trabecular width . Conventional 2 dimensional histomorphometry is a powerful research tool but it has an inherent limitation when it is used to assess skeletal microarchitecture .
Increasing the pupil size of the eye reduces the effect of diffraction but increases the ocular aberrations arising from the small decentrations, tilts, and other irregularities that are present in any biological optical system. Comparisons made between AO corrected and non corrected conditions showed a benefit of a factor of approximately 3× in contrast sensitivity averaged across two observers and spatial frequencies of 16 and 24 c/deg. Most studies used 6 mm diameter or larger pupils, and as shown by , pupil size is important when assessing the functional benefits of correcting HO aberrations .
Many studies have shown that intelligible or meaningful speech is processed within multimodal temporal lobe cortex and beyond, but little is known about how these areas interact and drive one another. DCM analyses have become popular recently to study various aspects of language processing . However, there have been no investigations of directed influences among human brain areas in response to intelligible speech .
Hypertension is closely associated with erectile dysfunction  as it has been observed in many experimental models of hypertension. Additionally, epidemiological studies show that approximately a third of the hypertensive patients have ED . Ganglionic induced increase in intracavernosal pressure /mean arterial pressure  ratio was used as an index of erectile function in 2K 1C and in normotensive sham operated  anesthetized rats.
In the United States, as well as worldwide, lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer mortality. The majority of lung cancer cases are non small cell lung cancers , the most common forms of which are the two histological subtypes, adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma. Systematic analyses of copy number alterations in lung adenocarcinoma have identified genes such as EGFR, MYC, MDM2, TERT, NKX2 1, PIK3CA and MET to be selectively amplified.
Cilia are projections of ciliary axonemes consisting of nine doublet microtubules that are surrounded by ciliary membranes that either have  or do not have  a central pair of singlet microtubules. Primary cilia are a ubiquitous feature of epithelial cells, including those of breast, prostate, kidney, liver, and pancreas. These sensory organelles modulate mitogen and morphogen signaling, sequester receptors for growth factors including platelet derived growth factor  and epidermal growth factor , contain transcription factors, and effect cytosolic calcium fluxes .
Since the passage of the Patient Self Determination Act  in 1990 , public policy in the United States has advocated the execution of advance directives such as living wills or durable powers of attorney for health care. The rapid adoption of advance directives as a solution to the need for advance care planning prior to potential life threatening illness and incapacity is based on the ethical ascendancy of autonomy, or self determination, as a personal value guiding medical care . Factors that influence execution of advance directives include age, education, health status, and culture; typically, older Caucasians with high educational attainment and poor health are most likely to execute an advance directive  .
In an effort to understand protein binding and function, researchers will often create a reciprocal map of a protein surface. Multiple copy methods  use probe molecules to define these complementary maps. These techniques flood the protein surface with hundreds of small molecule probes.
In the heart, the cyclic GMP  signaling system induces cardiodepressive effects . It reduces cellular function and metabolism in cardiac myocytes. Cardiac hypertrophy especially left ventricular hypertrophy is an adaptive response to pressure and volume overload.
While demonstrating the overcounting of items in motion  with a motor driven rotating disk, we accidentally turned off the room lights, dropping the illumination on the test by several orders of magnitude. However, given the rapid drop of illumination, it is possible that the adaptation state of the rods and cones produced a neural response that mimicked that for a low contrast test. For example, the apparent speed of color , texture  and motion defined objects is often significantly underestimated .
Despite the progress in understanding the biology of acute myeloid leukemia , the long term survival of most patients remains poor . In addition, aberrant expression of BAALC has been described in several other malignancies, including malignant melanoma , brain tumors , and childhood gastrointestinal stromal tumors , suggesting the involvement of the BAALC locus in general cancer pathways. Although BAALC has been extensively studied in the subset of AML patients without chromosomal aberrations in the leukemic blasts , who account for about 50% of all AML patients , efforts to demonstrate an independent oncogenic mechanism for BAALC have failed  .
Congenital smell loss is a condition characterized by inability to detect or recognize odors since birth and affects about 500,000 individuals in the US . The remaining 88% of congenital smell loss cases  occur without gonadal and somatic abnormalities, usually without familial association; no genetic abnormalities have been associated with Type II patients  . Type I congenital smell loss was first reported in 1856 .
Development of a therapeutic vaccine for HIV 1 infection is challenging because the immune system of infected individuals is subverted due to viral persistence. Based on early findings in chronically LCMV infected mice , it has been shown that PD 1 is up regulated on HIV 1 specific CD8+ T cells in chronically infected individuals, leading to functional exhaustion of these cells. PD 1 over expression on HIV 1 specific CD8+ T cells also correlates with increased viral load.
The confocal microendoscope  is a new type of instrument for real time in vivo imaging of tissue with cellular level resolution. Investigators are exploring imaging applications in humans and/or animal models of colon cancer, esophageal cancer, lung cancer, and ovarian cancer. In some of these applications, tissue micro structure can be visualized using fluorescein, a dye approved by the FDA for retinal imaging.
Inflammation following tissue injury involves the careful orchestration of inflammatory cytokine production by infiltrating leukocytes that traffic to such sites. These inflammatory cell populations are exposed not only to pathogens and endogenous inflammatory signals but also to conditions that promote cellular stress responses and indeed, the two processes are often coincident in both time and space . Indeed the nature and magnitude of inflammatory response can be significantly influenced by response to environmental stressors  .
One of the fundamental observations in oncology is, that cancer is a disease of aging, and the rate of malignancies increases significantly with age . Sirtuins are Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide  dependent class III histone deacetylases are present from bacteria to humans . Unlike histone deacetyl transferases the sirtuins primarily target cellular proteins other than histones suggesting that these proteins are critical in the regulation of cell signaling networks similar to phosphatases and kinases .
Cav 1 is a 2224 KDa protein originally identified as a structural component of caveolae, specialized invaginations of the plasma membrane. These caveolae represent compartments where key signaling transduction molecules are concentrated in order to provide an efficient system for cellular cross talk. Through its “scaffold domain” Cav 1 is able to self interact and to regulate the activity of other caveolae associated signaling proteins .
A key aim of the worldwide structural genomics efforts is the experimental solution of the three dimensional structures of a carefully selected few thousand target sequences of structurally uncharacterized proteins. These efforts further underline the importance of theoretical approaches to structure modeling, since consequently more than 99% of all three dimensional models will be obtained computationally . Homology modeling proved to be the most accurate approach for protein structure prediction provided that a three dimensional structure of a sequentially similar template protein exist .
Antimicrobial peptides are small cationic polypeptides originally discovered for their antimicrobial activity, but recently shown to have many additional functions in immune function . Cathelicidins have an N terminal signal peptide, a highly conserved cathelin domain, and variable cationic peptide at the C terminus . The synthesis and deposition of cathelicidins during defense against infection or injury occurs due to its combined production by epithelial cells, neutrophils, mast cells, and other specialized elements of specific to the injured tissue .
Diffusion weighted MRI  allows non invasive measurement of the translational motion of water in living tissue. While contrast enhanced  and T2 weighted MRI remain the conventional ways to identify the presence and extent of brain tumors, they often do not show the full extent of tumors. Consequently, DWMRI methods are being developed to detect the presence of tumor boundaries that may be different from those seen by more conventional methods .
Although some early work suggested that depression risk was reduced during pregnancy  recent studies indicate that the risk of a major depressive episode  during pregnancy may be greater than previously recognized, particularly in women with a previous personal or family history of depression . Some recent studies estimate depression prevalence during pregnancy in the range of 816% . Some lines of contemporary research identify dysregulation of circadian rhythms in clinical depression .
The initial use of tobacco, alcohol and illicit drugs typically occurs during adolescence and some experience with these substances is now normative among adolescents in the United States and throughout the developed world. The goal of this review is to present an overview of the genetic epidemiology of substance use and misuse in adolescents. However, the study of genetic and environmental influences is predicated on an accurate understanding of the behavior being studied.
Physiologic motion presents a major technical challenge in high resolution cardiac MRI and coronary MR angiography . Current free breathing 3D CMRA techniques may employ electrocardiographic  gating for cardiac motion suppression together with diaphragm navigator  gating for respiratory motion suppression . In DNAV gating, the navigator signal is typically acquired from a cranial caudal cylinder of tissue positioned through the right hemi diaphragm using a 2D selective excitation pulse  and data are only used for reconstruction if the diaphragmatic position falls within a small gating window .
Insulin secreting β cells play a pivotal role in maintaining glucose homeostasis and in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus. However, the β cells function within a micro organ composed of multiple cell types, including glucagon secreting α cells, somatostatin secreting δ cells, pancreatic polypeptide secreting PP cells and ghrelin secreting ε cells, and are also enriched with a dense vasculature network . Islets demonstrate a striking plasticity that is observed among different species, within the same species and under physiological and pathological conditions.
The experience dependent development of the visual system circuitry is a well studied model for neuronal development and plasticity. Moreover, the ability to perform electrophysiological recordings on cells undergoing small structural changes would allow for detailed structure/function studies to be conducted. While AAV vectors primarily transduce neurons making studies of glia difficult, the identification of multiple serotypes of AAV has expanded the tropism of AAV vectors.
The early diagnosis of sepsis in the neonatal intensive care unit should be an excellent application for data mining approaches. First, we wished to tested the hypothesis that nearest neighbor analyses make predictions on neonatal sepsis that are comparable to the existing regression models that relate HRC index and laboratory tests to neonatal sepsis. Second, we wished to test the hypothesis that the combined model of nearest neighbor and regression, not necessarily using the same clinical data, is more accurate than either model by itself .
The Impact on Family Scale  was developed as a parent report measure of the effects of a child's medical condition on family life. There has been little published research in which the Impact on Sibling scale has been used, and the scale has not been the focus of the studies. reported Impact on Sibling scale scores for 6 families of children with cerebral palsy.
Human skin is routinely exposed to UV irradiation, which is a potent immunosuppressant and leads to the apoptosis of resident epidermal cells., Apoptotic keratinocytes  that have been irreversibly damaged, termed ‘sunburn cells’, are sloughed off and replaced. Activation of classical apoptotic pathways leads to a non inflammatory cell death that results in cleavage and activation of caspase 3. This digestion by CAD results in the DNA laddering that is a hallmark of apoptotic cells.
The striking increase in the incidence of Barrett’s esophagus , esophageal adenocarcinoma  and esophagogastric junctional adenocarcinoma  over the last few decades implicates in the pathogenesis of these diseasesa potential major environmental factor, such as gastroesophageal reflux , obesity, and/or smoking. Yet, in the past two decades there have been numerous case reports, case series, and cross sectional studies documenting increased familial risk for these diseases  raising the hypothesis that there may be an inherited susceptibility to the development of BE and its associated cancers. Indeed, there is strong evidence of a genetic component in the pathogenesis of GERD  and obesity .
Allo SCT is used to achieve possible cure in a variety of malignant and non malignant conditions. While overall mortality following SCT is decreasing, pulmonary complications following SCT remain common and contribute to a significant amount of mortality and morbidity. It occurs almost exclusively following allogeneic transplantation rather than autologous transplant, which has led to the theory of allorecognition as the etiology.
Streptococcus pneumoniae  persists as a major pathogen, particularly among children in low income countries . Capsular polysaccharide conjugate vaccines provide type specific immunity, but have the disadvantages of limited serotype coverage, increasing disease from non vaccine serotypes, and relatively high cost . Therefore, potentially more economical serotype independent vaccines based upon species common protein antigens are being investigated .
Inflammatory arthritis is perpetuated by the innate immune system in addition to the driving force of the adaptive immune system. IL 1 is a cytokine secreted by innate immune cells, that has been implicated in promoting self perpetuating inflammatory cascades  . IL 1β is produced in a proform without a leader sequence whose production and release depend on transcriptional and post transcriptional processes .
Almost a quarter of United States  adults are estimated to have the metabolic syndrome  . MetS , a condition defined as a cluster of risk factors including impaired insulin sensitivity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and central adiposity, is associated with increased risk of diabetes, atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease , and cardiovascular disease  morbidity and mortality . Consistent inverse associations between socioeconomic status  and the MetS in adults are observed .
Poor solubility and therefore a low absorption in the gastrointestinal tract of >40% of the pharmaceutical compounds in use today considerably limits their bioavailability after being administered. , As a result, these hydrophobic drugs must be taken in large doses in order to reach the therapeutic plasma concentration, which inevitably results in undesired side effects. Therefore, it is essential to develop novel techniques to enhance the effectiveness of hydrophobic drugs.
Enzymes in the family of sugar non specific endonucleases have been isolated from a wide range of sources from bacteria to mammals . They can be characterized by their abilities to hydrolyze both DNA and RNA. Of all these sugar nonspecific endonucleases, Serratia marcescens endonuclease  is the most studied one because of its broad class of substrates, very high specific activity and wide commercial applications.
Glucocorticoids, such as dexamethasone, are potent anti inflammatory drugs frequently prescribed for the treatment of various inflammatory diseases, including asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and acute respiratory distress syndrome . In addition to these chronic inflammatory diseases, glucocorticoids have also been used for the treatment of severe sepsis and septic shock in patients in the intensive care unit . In animal models of endotoxic shock, prophylactic treatment with dexamethasone attenuates the production of inflammatory cytokines including TNF α and IL 1β, and prevents shock and mortality .
The nonapeptide arginine vasopressin  has been consistently implicated in the regulation of aggressive behavior across species . Currently there are two identified receptor subtypes that are centrally expressed: the vasopressin 1a receptor   and the vasopressin 1b receptor  . The Avpr1a has a wide distribution  and has been implicated in the regulation of a variety of behaviors, including aggressive behavior .
Hyalin is a sea urchin glycoprotein set  consisting ) of three to four large components  that on average  contains 2 3% carbohydrate , hyalin repeat domains , and non repeated sequences . The HYR has been identified in organisms as diverse as bacteria, worms, flies, mice and humans, as well as sea urchins , stimulating increased interest in this glycoprotein set. The sea urchin embryo is a NIH designated model system that has led to the discovery or a better understanding of scores of physiological mechanisms of general importance in organisms and in human health and disease .
Characterization of protein conformation and dynamics using a combination of hydrogen/deuterium exchange in solution  and mass spectrometry  has become a powerful tool in biophysics and structural biology. Furthermore, MS does not suffer from the rather unforgiving limitations on the molecular weight of protein species, which restrict the usage of other techniques, such as NMR. Alternatively, site specific information on deuterium incorporation can be obtained using the so called “top down” approach to HDX MS, where the enzymatic step is substituted with the fragmentation of intact protein ions in the gas phase.
The pituitary gland is central to the functions of other endocrine glands and their target tissue as a master regulator of the hypothalamus pituitary gland adrenal gland axis and the hypothalamus pituitary gland gonadal axis. Pituitary adenomas account for 10% of intracranial tumors and often cause neurological symptoms such as headache and visual impairment because of compression of the dura matter or optic chiasm. Pituitary adenomas are divided into 7 histological subtypes, and patients exhibit different clinical symptoms by subtype.
Glaucoma is a multifactorial eye disease that is the leading cause of preventable blindness in the world . Myocilin, the first protein genetically associated with the development of glaucoma , is a constituent of human aqueous humor  and is expressed in many ocular tissues, with highest expression observed in cells of the trabecular meshwork . While a direct link between altered levels of myocilin and the regulation of IOP are lacking, a number of studies suggest that myocilin expression may mediate, or is the result of, increased IOP .
Obesity in modern society has reached “pandemic” proportions and may be as high as 30% in the general US population. Ominously, 20 to 35% of the general adult population in the US may have NAFLD, and the incidence in obese individuals is approximately 75%. Lipid droplets within macrophages also play a critically important role in the etiology of coronary artery disease, as the accumulation of cholesterol esters within lipid droplets is a defining cellular event leading to production of “foam” cells and atherosclerotic plaques, .
Oxidative stress and matrix metalloproteinases  may be important in mechanisms of hemorrhagic transformation after ischemic stroke, and in brain injury after intracerebral hemorrhage  . Chronic hypertension is a major risk factor for ICH. Recent evidence also suggests that acute hypertension may contribute to ICH .
Tuberculosis  is one of the most common opportunistic co infections among HIV infected individuals, particularly in resource limited settings . HIV infection is associated with higher risk of TB and increases the lifetime risk of progression from Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection to active disease . The increasing number of multidrug resistant  TB cases presents another challenge to TB control .
Electrolytic processes in pure water are commonly ascribed to the following sequence of events: current flow, electrode polarization, interfacial double layer formation around the electrodes, and establishment of equilibrium. The charge carriers responsible for this sequence include negatively charged OH groups, protons, hydronium ions, and perhaps larger scale charged clusters. In a previous report from this laboratory, it was found that the distribution of charge carriers did not fit this conventional picture.
Our current understanding of the use of transmitters by neurons is based on the axiom that a neuron synthesizes the transmitters that are released at presynaptic terminals. Once released from a terminal, the fate of the transmitter is limited to four possibilities;  the transmitter binds and activates pre  and postsynaptic receptors,  the transmitter is degraded by enzymes within or surrounding the synapse,  the transmitter is taken up by the neuron that released it , or  the transmitter is taken up, and subsequently degraded, by glia with processes that flank the synapse. Serotonin is an amino acid derived transmitter that is synthesized by discrete types of neurons in the central nervous system.
A central part of early cognitive development involves the development of attention networks . Two attention networks influence the ability to regulate emotions and thoughts. The executive attention network involves the anterior cingulate and plays a major role in adult regulation.
Hyper IgM syndrome is a rare primary immune deficiency disorder that is characterized by low or absent serum IgG, IgA, or IgE antibodies and predisposition to recurrent infection in infancy and early adulthood . However, additional disease susceptibility genes responsible for this disorder await identification  . CVID patients usually present with recurrent infections in mucosal tissues as consequence of marked hypogammaglobulinemia.
Antiretroviral therapy has transformed HIV infection from a uniformly fatal disease to a chronic medical condition for the majority of individuals with access to treatment. While debate persists on the optimal timing of treatment initiation, studies have shown deviation from the current paradigm of uninterrupted, lifelong treatment following the initiation of antiretroviral  therapy results in increased morbidity and mortality . The spectrum of available antiretroviral drugs must be utilized to provide lifelong therapy while contending with the challenges to treatment regimen longevity posed by toxicity and drug resistance  .
The Achilles tendon  transmits substantial forces from the gastrocnemius and soleus muscles during movement. Considerable research has characterized the gross biomechanical behavior of the AT during walking . The free AT  consists of distinct fascicle bundles arising from the triceps surae muscles; superficial fascicles arise from the medial gastrocnemius and deeper fascicles arise from the soleus and lateral gastrocnemius .
Subclinical atherosclerosis is measured by intima media thickening  in human carotid arteries, and carotid IMT is associated with increased cardiovascular risk. A quantitative trait locus  has been identified for internal carotid IMT  on human chromosome  12. The authors identified several QTLs with the most significant intima hyperplasia QTL mapping to rat chr3.
It has long been known that dizygotic  twinning runs in families . Examining the DZ twinning rate among female relatives in greater detail, Bulmer showed that the twinning rate in women who had a sister with DZ twins was 2.5 times higher than the twinning rate in the general population. Thus, the genetic contribution to DZ twinning is observed in women, but the trait may be inherited from either parent  .
Despite the fact that it has been possible to screen for cervical cancer for 60 years, this disease is still the second most common cause of cancer death in women worldwide. Persistent infection with an oncogenic strain of human papillomavirus , most commonly, type 16, causes essentially all squamous cervical cancers. We have developed several strategies to enhance potency, by using intracellular targeting strategies to enhance MHC class I/II antigen presentation and processing in dendritic cells , and by targeting the DNA into DC in vivo by using particle mediated epidermal delivery .
Alanine aminotransferase   is an important enzyme in the intermediary metabolism of glucose and protein catalyzing the reversible transamination between alanine and 2 oxoglutarate to form pyruvate and glutamate. ALT has been used as a marker for liver injury in people and in preclinical toxicity studies. Conversely, serum ALT is not increased in some patients with histopathologically confirmed liver diseases, e.g., in cirrhosis, NASH , hepatitis C infection .
Success of many traditional chemotherapeutics is tempered by high systemic and organ toxicity producing relatively low drug levels at the area of need. However, administration of Dox has also been linked to decreases in white blood cell counts, alopecia and cardiotoxicity including heart arrhythmias, and congestive heart failure, severely limiting its usage  This lack of specificity has lead to development of targeted or “smart” delivery systems that increase the delivery efficiency of chemotherapeutics. Pegylated liposomal Dox is currently FDA approved .
Connexins are the constituents of the intercellular channels known as gap junctions. Studies in mice lacking specific connexins have shown their impact on the expression of other proteins. Complementary DNA microarray comparison between wild type and Cx43 null astrocytes form neonatal mouse brains has shown that 9% of the most significantly altered genes relate to cell junctions, adhesion and extracellular matrix proteins , although no gross morphological changes are apparent in mice with targeted inactivation of Cx43 .
Breast cancer incidence varies across populations in the US. Data from the Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Results program show that the age adjusted incidence  of breast cancer  is highest in White women , followed by African American , Asian American , and Latina  women, with the lowest incidence in Indigenous American women  . Variation in exposure to known risk factors may explain some of these differences in incidence  but not all .
Ultrashort pulsed  lasers are an attractive, chemical free method to inactivate pathogens in pharmaceuticals and blood products. This strategy targets fundamental mechanical properties of viruses that may be difficult to escape through genetic mutation. Additionally, visible light shows negligible intrinsic absorption by nucleic acids and proteins in the absence of chromophores.
The staged Fontan procedure has been the method of choice in single ventricle  congenital heart defect palliation for many years. In this procedure, the superior and inferior vena cava  are anastomosed to the pulmonary arteries, bypassing the heart. Although short term outcomes are acceptable, there are still many long term complications that affect these patients, .
Systemic inflammatory response syndrome  is widely used as an early and objective indicator of acute systemic inflammation. SIRS plays a prominent role in identifying emergency department  patients eligible both for research enrollment and for initiation of advanced therapies, such as early goal directed therapy in patients with severe sepsis or septic shock. Although SIRS is often thought to be a necessary precursor of sepsis syndromes, recent consensus statements on defining sepsis have largely moved away from including SIRS given its lack of specificity.
In the past decade, both the Office of Rare Diseases , now the Office of Rare Diseases Research , and the Genetic and Rare Diseases Information Center recognized how difficult it was for patients with rare diseases to reach an accurate diagnosis. Hence, in early 2008, the ORDR designated $280,000 to foster an initiative to investigate individuals with undiagnosed disorders. NIH institute and center directors approved of this concept, namely the creation of a “mystery disease” clinic reminiscent of the early years of the NIH intramural program.
A significant number of phenotypically diverse human diseases are caused by alterations in the mitochondrial translation machinery, including defects of mitochondrial rRNAs and tRNAs and of the nuclear genes involved in mitochondrial translation . The majority of these defects lead to neuromuscular diseases , but almost all tissue types can be affected . For heteroplasmic mitochondrial DNA disorders differential mutation load in different tissues seems to play a significant role in determining the phenotype .
The extent to which the representation and processing of complex words such as compounds  makes recourse to morpheme level units remains a matter of debate. For example,  showed significant, equivalent priming for truly morphologically related prime target pairs  and for merely apparently morphologically related prime target pairs , while orthographic overlap by itself did not yield similar priming . With electrophysiology, it is possible to track the processing of complex words previous to, and potentially independent of, any overt behavioral response, providing a new wedge into debates regarding the role of morphemes in complex word recognition, toward identifying brain mechanisms linked to the decomposition and combination of morphemes.
We sought to compare characteristics of emergency medical services treated out of hospital cardiac arrests resulting from suspected drug overdose with non overdose cases and test the relationship between suspected overdose and survival to hospital discharge . Data from emergency medical services treated, non traumatic out of hospital cardiac arrests from 20062008 and late 20092011 were obtained from 4 EMS agencies in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania metropolitan area. Case definition for suspected drug overdose was naloxone administration, indication on the patient care report and/or indication by a review of hospital records.
Infantile Spasms Syndrome  is a rare, complex seizure disorder appearing within the first year of life. The clinical features include brief motor spasms of the extremities and trunk, chaotic high amplitude interictal EEG waves and multifocal spikes , and severe developmental delay. The disorder is poorly responsive to all medical therapy, and there is no effective treatment.
Cell fates are established during development by spatially controlled activation of signal transduction pathways that regulate transcription factors. Activated Raf phosphorylates and activates the mitogen activated ERK kinases, MEK1 and MEK2, which in turn phosphorylate and activate the extracellular signal activated kinases, ERK1 and ERK2. Identifying and characterizing the proteins involved in this signaling pathway has important implications for human health, since mutations leading to the constitutive activation of Raf have been widely implicated in cellular oncogenesis  .
High rates of HIV associated with injection drug use  have helped categorize China as a country with an injection driven epidemic. This perhaps offered an accurate description of the situation during the initial stages of China’s epidemic when as many as 70% of cases were attributable to IDU, but a vastly different situation is now emerging. In 2003, statistical data on HIV and AIDS in China began to illustrate rapid transition toward a trend of sexual transmission  and HIV is now primarily spread through sexual contact .
The generation of effector and memory CD8+ T lymphocyte subsets is a key function of an adaptive immune response against microbial pathogen. Short lived, terminally differentiated effector T  cells provide acute host defense, while memory lymphocytes provide long term protection against reinfection . While it has been shown that a single activated naïve CD8+ T cell can generate all of the diverse cellular fates necessary for a robust immune response , it remains unclear when the differentiation pathways leading to these disparate cellular fates diverge.
Aquaporins  are a family of membrane channels  that, through modulating the water permeability of biological membranes, play a significant role in water homeostasis in living cells . As a result, AQPs now represent the richest family of membrane channels with regard to the abundance of high resolution structural data. Three dimensional structures at atomic resolution are available for E. coli GlpF  and AqpZ , human AQP1 , bovine AQP1 , archaeal AqpM , rat AQP4 , as well as bovine and sheep AQP0 at two different pH conditions .
The p53 tumor suppressor protein is a versatile transcription factor whose functional inactivation triggers oncogenic events and facilitates the emergence of unstable genomes in 50% of all human cancers. It regulates multiple biological processes including genotoxic responses, cell cycle control, DNA repair, differentiation, and apoptosis through transcriptional activation of a large number of target genes to counteract a variety of endogenous and exogenous cues . Consistent with these observations, we and other investigators have shown that human p53 harbors several redox sensitive cysteines in the DNA binding domain  .
Locally advanced breast cancers account for 510% of new breast cancer diagnoses in the United States and 6070% of cases worldwide. According to the American Joint Committee on Cancer  TNM 7th edition classification, breast cancer lesions with direct extension to skin beyond the dermis are considered locally advanced and grouped as T4b primaries. Regardless of tumor size and involvement of regional lymph node basins, the presence of significant skin involvement  places any tumor into Stage III , where 5 year overall survival ranges from 41 to 67% .
Searching MS/MS data against a protein database is an established method for determining the protein composition of a biological sample. However, as a protein database contains only known proteins, the ability to discover new or altered proteins is limited. In the analysis of diseases such as cancer, aberrant forms of expression may produce disease related proteins not found in the reference protein data sets; therefore, searching standard protein databases  will miss these cancer related, novel proteins .
Heart failure  is a devastating disease with poor prognosis, and remains a leading cause of death worldwide , . In particular, they recruit elevated levels of cytosolic G protein coupled receptor kinase 2  to agonist stimulated β ARs in HF , leading to the chronic β AR desensitization, down regulation and pathologic signaling that are hallmarks of HF ,  . Increasing evidence suggests a critical role for Gβγ mediated signaling in HF.
Biofilms, or microbial colonies adhered to surfaces, are found throughout nature. Biopolymeric gels have applications ranging from biomedical tissue scaffolds and drug delivery agents to food additives. Quantitative analysis of this type has recently been elucidated for Drosophilia cell development.
Self report measures are valuable tools for clinicians and researchers, as they are quick and cost effective methods for assessing symptoms associated with mental illness. In the last two decades, several self report measures of posttraumatic stress disorder  have been developed . For example,  found that a score of 44 or higher on the PCL Checklist was most effective at identifying PTSD while minimizing false positives in a sample of motor vehicle accident and sexual assault victims.
T cells can have potent effects on tumor progression ; however, it is evident that many solid tumors are resistant to immune responses and immune cell attack. Although much effort has been devoted to increasing immune responses against tumors, this is hampered by localized immunosuppression of the adaptive immune system   . The tumor microenvironment differs from that of normal tissues in a number of respects.
Methods for the cross coupling of amides with aryl halides and pseudohalides                have matured to a point that they may be used to reliably prepare a wide variety of                    substances. Advances in this area are                due, in large part, to the identification of improved supporting ligands. Efficient Pd catalyzed                coupling of amides and related nucleophiles  with                aryl bromides and aryl or vinyl                    sulfonates has largely been accomplished                by the use of xantphos or XPhos as the supporting ligand.
The peroxiredoxin proteins  represent one of the most abundant enzyme families in cells of all phylogenetic origins . Recent research has also implicated these proteins in the regulation of signaling cascades in higher organisms, which may be important in mediating cell proliferation, differentiation and apoptosis  . Although Prxs have been the subject of various structural and functional studies , many details of their molecular mechanism remain elusive, especially those aspects of the protein structure that facilitate cysteine deprotonation.
Neurons of the deep cerebellar nuclei  form the major output of the computational circuitry of the cerebellum . Their rate and pattern of activity encode the information necessary for motor coordination. An interesting biophysical feature of DCN neurons is rebound depolarization .
Knee pain is the most common symptom experienced by persons with knee osteoarthritis . Pathognomonic features of progressive knee OA, loss of articular cartilage and exposure of the subchondral bone plate, are believed to contribute to knee symptoms. How loss of articular cartilage contributes to pain remains unclear.
During the past 30 years, ranaviruses have caused considerable morbidity and mortality among ectothermic vertebrates, i.e., amphibians, fish, and reptiles . Moreover, ranavirus infections affect multiple species throughout the world and it is thought that die offs may push small populations with limited geographic ranges to extinction . Frog Virus 3 is the best characterized member and the type species of the genus Ranavirus , a group of large, icosahedral, double stranded DNA viruses .
Cell adhesion to extracellular matrices  is central to tissue organization, maintenance, repair and pathogenesis by providing forces and signals that direct cell survival, migration, cell cycle progression, and differentiation . Early work demonstrated that binding sites in the integrin β1 tail mediate interactions with structural cytoskeletal components that regulate diverse adhesive functions. The β1 tail is required for integrin localization to FAs .
It has long been recognized that the dentofacial region contributes significantly to overall facial appearance. Adults with extreme overjet, deep bite, and crowding, whether or not they have previously received orthodontic treatment, have reported significantly lower self concept ratings than those without malocclusion. One study of adults with skeletal disharmonies found that more than a third of the subjects reported that they had experienced substantial distress and personal insecurity caused by their appearance .
Showering is a common bathing method in the developed world . Understanding how bacteria form multi species biofilms may allow for improved strategies to control their development on inner and outer showerhead surfaces . Specificity is mediated by complementary protein adhesins and polysaccharide receptors on the cell surface of coaggregating cells .
The President's New Freedom Commission on Mental Health identifies the elimination of disparities in mental health services as an integral part to improving the health of the country. Research suggests that African American youth are less likely to receive outpatient psychiatric care, and more likely to utilize emergency psychiatric care than Caucasian youth. Other research suggests that while African American youth are less likely to use inpatient services, there tend to be no significant race differences in school based mental health service use.
Effectively communicating persuasive appeals among adults is not only challenging, but also highly dependent on the relational aspects and strength of the interpersonal communication . Therefore, developing effective persuasive appeals communicated in an upward direction from child to parent presents unique challenges. Cancer mortality rates continue to be of great concern and early detection plays a critical role in abating the ever rising cancer burden .
The platinum compound cisplatin is a widely used and potent chemotherapy agent available to treat a variety of solid tumors and other malignancies , however its clinical use is limited by development of dose dependent nephrotoxicity in about 30% of patients preventing the use of high doses to maximize the therapeutic efficacy  . Numerous interrelated processes may be involved in the development of cisplatin induced nephrotoxicity including inflammation , formation of reactive oxygen  and nitrogen species , DNA damage , caspase  and poly  polymerase  activation . Increasing number of recent studies highlight the importance of inflammatory mechanisms in the pathogenesis and progression of cisplatin induced nephropathy through the recruitment of inflammatory cells, such as leukocytes and macrophages, which contribute to the cisplatin induced tissue injury .
Myxococcus xanthus is a rod shaped Gram negative bacterium with a developmental cycle and surface motility known as gliding . When nutrients become limiting, hundreds of thousands of cells can aggregate and organize into a multicellular structure known as a fruiting body. Gliding motility is essential for the aggregation and organization of M. xanthus fruiting bodies during the developmental process  .
Resistance to chemotherapy is a major barrier in the treatment of cancer. The HER family of receptor tyrosine kinases and their ligands are important regulators of tumour cell proliferation, angiogenesis and metastasis . There are four receptors in the ErbB family: EGFR , HER2 , HER3  and HER4 .
Plasma protein binding can have a profound effect on drug distribution and pharmacokinetics by slowing or preventing passive extravasation into tissues. , Protein binding must be evaluated as part of the drug development process, and the FDA requires that plasma protein binding be reported. Human serum albumin  is highly concentrated in plasma , and responsible for the majority of small molecule binding in plasma.
Early in corticogenesis, cortical progenitors referred to as neuroepithelial cells , have stem cell properties and expand their numbers within the ventricular zone  by symmetric cell division that produces two like progenitors. Little is known about the mechanisms that mediate this critical transition period that bridges the early expansion phase characterized by symmetric division of NCs with the later neurogenic phase characterized by asymmetric division of RG. However, the timing of the transition from NE to RG has critical implications for corticogenesis because models predict that minor changes in the proportion of progenitors exhibiting one or the other division mode at early stages result in substantial changes in the number of progenitors and ultimately cortical size .
There is mounting evidence that asthma is associated with changes in the airway microbiome. For example, detection of Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae and Moraxella catarrhalis within the upper airway in early infancy is associated with an increased risk of developing recurrent wheezing and then asthma. In addition, culture independent methods of bacteria detection demonstrate that Proteobacteria, a phylum of bacteria containing a majority of gram negative bacteria, appeared more frequently in both nasal and bronchial samples in stable asthma, and are linked to increased bronchial hyperresponsiveness.
Cellular stress occurs when a cell is exposed to conditions, such as oxidative stress and nutrient starvation, that threaten its survival. The molecular mechanisms of cellular stress range from specific signaling pathways to random reactions of unstable chemical species . The type of response depends on both the nature and the extent of the stress related events as well as cell specific properties.
Previous studies have demonstrated a robust association between greater adipose tissue and higher levels of blood pressure, as well as incident hypertension. Indeed, it is estimated that 70% of hypertension can be attributed to excess adiposity. Although undoubtedly a multifactorial phenomenon, hypertension in obese individuals has been linked with activation of the renin angiotensinogen aldosterone system  and plasma volume expansion.
Veno occlusive disease of the liver  occurs in 515% of patients after myeloablative allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, and is thought to be due to conditioning related injury to hepatic sinusoidal endothelium and hepatocytes, compounded by cytokine mediated effects related to allogenicity. While clinical risk factors for VOD are well established, the precise prediction of VOD occurrence in individuals remains elusive . We have demonstrated that the frequency of VOD after sirolimus based GVHD prophylaxis is increased .
Local inhibition in the spinal cord dorsal horn is essential for appropriate encoding of sensory signals. This, in turn, is dependent upon proper pre and postsynaptic connectivity. Inhibitory neurons represent a significant percentage  of the total population of neurons in laminae I  III .
Protein DNA interactions are involved in many essential biological processes, such as gene regulation, DNA repair, and chromatin structure. The determination of the structures of protein DNA complexes can be instrumental for understanding function, for designing experiments to probe biological mechanisms, and for developing new drugs. NMR studies can be done on DNA binding proteins, but they are limited to small proteins that are soluble at high concentrations.
Schizophrenia is a disabling, chronic illness, which has marked socio economic impacts on the patients and the entire community . This is because clinical symptoms vary across the course of the illness, thus complicating the identification of underlying neurobiological mechanisms  . An alternative approach employed in schizophrenia research involves measuring cognitive/neurophysiological parameters in healthy and schizophrenic subjects .
Nursing home services are largely paid for by public insurances and are regulated by the federal and state governments . In order to be eligible for public payment under the two programs, nursing homes must comply with the minimum quality and safety standards set forth by federal legislations. It is estimated that over 95% of all homes are Medicare/Medicaid certified.
Physical inactivity is an independent risk factor for developing chronic diseases including obesity, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, depression, and cancer . Conversely, regular physical activity improves health and reduces mortality . Furthermore, physical activity promotes arthritis specific health benefits and is an integral part of treatment for osteoarthritis  .
Because many loci of diseases are shared between mouse and human, mouse disease models play essential roles in the understanding of disease mechanisms, progression, and drug efficacy testing. These include atrophy of specific brain regions as well as ventricle enlargement. MRI allows longitudinal monitoring of disease progression and had been applied to characterize animal models of brain diseases .
Atrial fibrillation  is a common cardiac arrhythmia associated with an increased risk of ischemic stroke and other cardiovascular diseases. Current guidelines for its treatment recommend chronic oral anticoagulation in patients with at least a moderate risk of ischemic stroke. Until recently, the only available drugs for oral anticoagulation in AF were vitamin K antagonists .
In recent years, 3 dimensional human skin equivalents have become more frequently used to monitor the modulation of pigmentation by melanogenic inhibitors or stimulators as well as to evaluate the photoprotective properties of melanin . Although the morphology of human skin equivalents can be microscopically observed using an inverted microscope, there is a growing need to monitor potential color changes at the macroscopic level. Recent advances in charge coupled device  chips have improved the photosensitivity of diodes measuring light intensities within the visible region.
Botulinum toxins  represent a Class A bioterrorism threat as defined by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases of the National Institutes of Health. All BoNTs inhibit motoneuron synaptic activity, and thus cause respiratory arrest and death . Rapid treatment with anti BoNT antibodies can prevent disease progression .
Cobalamin  is an essential micronutrient required by all cells in the body. Adenosylcobalamin  and methylcobalamin  serve as coenzymes for methylmalonyl CoA mutase  and methionine synthase , respectively. Insufficient dietary intake of Cbl, malabsorption, defective transport, or impaired intracellular processing and coenzyme biosynthesis can lead to clinical cobalamin deficiency .
Virtual screening has been successful in the discovery of certain novel inhibitors, and a number of these inhibitors have advanced to clinical trials. When the structure of a target protein is available, virtual screening involves docking potential inhibitors against the protein and ranking the inhibitors by their predicted affinity using a scoring function. The scoring functions fail if they do not properly account for solvation, entropy, or polarizability.
Efficient voiding requires bladder outlet relaxation followed by a detrusor contraction that is sufficient to overcome the remaining resistance of the outlet. While many men develop increased outlet resistance with aging as a result of prostatic hypertrophy, no anatomic corollary exists in women. Women often present with symptoms commonly associated with voiding dysfunction such as a slow urine stream, straining to void, a feeling of incomplete bladder emptying, need to re void and position dependent micturition.
It is well established that major depressive disorder  is partly heritable. A meta analysis estimated the heritability of MDD around 37% . Other studies have focused on quantitative traits associated with a diagnosis of MDD, such as neuroticism .
Preterm birth is a major unsolved problem in the United States, where in 2004, 1 in 8 births occurred at 37 weeks gestation. A substantial proportion of bacterial pathogens or the presence of high concentrations of proinflammatory cytokines such as interleukin 6 in amniotic fluid., The diagnosis is difficult because most women with intraamniotic infection do not have fever, uterine tender ness, or other clinical signs of infection other than preterm labor, and because they tend to deliver within 48 hours of examination., Evidence is increasing that neonates who are exposed to intraamniotic infection have an increased risk in 2004, 1 in 8 births occurred at <37 weeks gestation.1 Preterm birth, which is a leading cause of neonatal morbidity and death, has actually increased in recent years, despite concerted prevention efforts. A substantial proportion of spontaneous preterm births are associated with intraamniotic infection, which is defined by the recovery of adverse outcomes  when compared with nonexposed infants of similar birthweight., Currently, the definitive diagnosis of intraamniotic infection requires a transabdominal amniocentesis to perform a direct examination of amniotic fluid.
It is frequently asserted that marriage is more beneficial for the mental health of men than women , but the evidence for this is far from clear cut . This makes gender differences in marital distress a plausible contributory factor to the higher rates of depression or anxiety among married women relative to married men , but it does not clarify whether gender differences in prevalence of anxiety mood disorders are actually greater among the married than the never married or the previously married . Longitudinal studies can usually provide greater clarity on this issue than cross sectional studies because their information on the temporal sequence of mental health symptoms and marital status change helps to differentiate selection  from protection effects.
With environmental concerns over waste build up and limited petroleum resources, the demand has never been greater for enzymatic, or “green” approaches for efficient chemical synthesis and degradation reactions. Several enzymes have been exploited to not only perform stereo  and regioselective chemical transformations on small molecules, but also to breakdown or modify synthetic polymers useful for applications in chemical, pharmaceutical and textile industries,, ,  Serine hydrolases have been employed most extensively for these biotransformations. , Cutinases are α/β hydrolases commonly secreted by fungal phytopathogens that enable them to penetrate the protective surface cutin layer of plants.
The family of Ras homologous  genes that play central roles in cell proliferation and motility has been implicated in tumorigenesis as well as metastatic progression . The Rho subfamily includes RhoA, RhoB and RhoC and they share 85% amino acid sequence identity . On the other hand, RhoB plays a role in controlling cytokine trafficking as well as in apoptosis induced by DNA damaging agents and has been suggested to act as a suppressor of tumor progression  .
CD8 T cells play an important role in controlling many viral infections and are elicited by live viral vaccines. One, the interaction of receptors on the surface of T cells with membrane bound ligands on APCs. The other, signals from pro inflammatory cytokines elicited in response to infection.
Chlamydia pneumoniae is a human respiratory pathogen responsible for approximately 10% of all community acquired pneumonia and 5% of bronchitis and sinusitis cases . Importantly, C. pneumoniae infections have been associated with chronic inflammatory conditions such as atherosclerosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and asthma . Chlamydiae are obligate intracellular pathogens whose developmental cycle occurs entirely within their eukaryotic hosts.
Today the concept of tissue engineering using cells incorporated into biodegradable scaffolds is being successfully applied to a variety of tissues including bone , cartilage , skin , blood vessels  and bladders . The main approaches include the use of synthetic polymers or naturally derived components such as extracellular matrix  proteins . Tissues and organs consist of specialized cells that are surrounded by ECM, which discloses the precise and site appropriate histoarchitecture.
Stroke in the neonatal period occurs in 1/4000 and is as common as in the adult , with over 80% of the surviving newborns having neurodevelopmental sequelae . Neuroprotective therapies are being investigated, each targeting a specific step of the injury response  . Many studies now confirm that neurogenesis occurs throughout the life span of mammalian and non mammalian species .
The importance of skeletal muscle in maintaining metabolic and functional health is well established . Without intervention, decreases in muscle size and strength of 1015% per decade are observed after the age of 50 years, with increasing rates of loss after the age of 65 . As such, maintenance of adequate levels of muscle mass and strength into an advanced age are key components of healthy aging .
Finite element  modeling has been employed successfully to study the mechanics of biological structures. One essential ingredient of FE modeling is the geometry or shape of the structure to model . Traditionally there have been two approaches to defining the model geometry for FE modeling in biomechanics: generic or specimen specific.
Interventions to improve treatment of mental health problems in pediatric primary care range from relatively brief communication training for primary care providers  to collaborative care models that attempt to better integrate mental health services within primary care settings. These interventions have sought to overcome the well documented barriers to receiving mental health services in pediatric primary care, including the burden that PCPs associate with treating mental health problems, the lack of mental health training and treatment skills among PCPs, and the fragmentation of primary care and specialty mental health services. Findings ways to enhance the mental health treatment skills of MAs may have particular advantages in clinics where PCPs are culturally dissimilar from their patients but MAs share a common language or cultural heritage.
MicroRNAs  are known to play key regulatory roles in physiological processes including cell differentiation, apoptosis, proliferation, metabolism, organ development, and tumor progression . It has been proposed that miRNAs function as integral parts of the molecular architecture of oncogene and tumor suppressor networks . Although a small, specific subset of oncogenic miRNAs is upregulated in cancer, the expression and processing of most of these regulators are downregulated during tumorigenesis  .
Hedgehog  signaling is a key mediator of growth, morphogenesis, and differentiation during embryonic development, playing a critical role in patterning the brain, face, and other tissues. Characterized by median forebrain deficiency, HPE frequently occurs with facial abnormalities including hypotelorism, midface hypoplasia, and median and lateral forms of CLP. Isolated CLP represents the most common birth defect form of newborns occurring in approximately 1/700 births.
The thymic environment orchestrates the development of the diverse repertoire of functional T cells that is required for a robust adaptive immune response to foreign antigens  while minimizing the generation of T lymphocytes that can attack normal tissues and drive autoimmunity. Although other antigen presenting cells in the thymus are involved in negative selection, the high levels of expression of major histocompatibility  and co stimulatory molecules on the DCs make them essential for efficient negative selection . The synchronized transitions of the gene expression profiles of the developing thymocytes are associated with alterations in the activity of critical transcription factors.
Prior work with fMRI has identified three face selective regions in occipito temporal cortex: the fusiform face area  , found in the mid fusiform gyrus; the occipital face area  , found in the lateral inferior occipital gyri; and a face selective region in the posterior part of the superior temporal sulcus that we will refer to here as the “fSTS” . Several prior studies suggest a functional division of labor among the three face selective regions, with each apparently involved in a different aspect of face perception. Almost all prior work on these regions has investigated the effect of task or repetition on second order aspects of face stimuli, that is, how one individual face differs from another.
It is generally assumed that the spike activity of sensory neurons codes information about the sensory modality it provides to the central nervous system . We examine the role of spontaneous activity generated by a spike initiation zone of a sensory neuron that is distinct from its sensory dendritic structure. In particular, we explore the hypothesis that tonic activity of a sensory neuron can shape the activity state of a motor network and thus changes the motor response to inputs from other sensory pathways .
Organisms exposed to noxious stimuli early in life can develop abnormal pain experience during adulthood . This may reflect a sensitive period during which noxious stimuli can shape the development of neural circuits mediating nociception . However, conclusions about pain experience from these studies must be tempered because of an incomplete understanding of the anatomic development of nociceptive circuits in the central nervous system.
Work related musculoskeletal disorders  are also known as occupational overuse injuries, or repetitive strain injuries. They account for 33% of all lost workday illnesses, and WMSDs of the hand and wrist are associated with the greatest work absences ,. Epidemiological studies have linked upper extremity WMSDs with occupational physical activities involving repetitive arm motions and other risk factors   .
Asthma is a multifactorial disease characterized by chronic inflammation of the lungs in response to aerosol allergens. IL 4 plays a key role in CD4+ T cell commitment to a Th2 phenotype and the induction of IgE production. IL 5 is known to promote the differentiation, maturation, and endothelial adherence  of eosinophils.
Paramyxovirus particles, like those of other enveloped viruses, are formed by budding from cellular membranes. Paramyxovirus assembly is coordinated by viral matrix  proteins, which occupy a position in virions that is between the glycoproteins and the RNPs. The resulting virus like particles  are morphologically similar to authentic virions and have proven to be useful tools for dissecting steps involved in virus exit.
The promyelocytic leukaemia  gene was initially identified as a tumour suppressor gene inactivated in patients with acute promyelocytic leukaemia as a result of its fusion with the retinoic acid receptor α gene . PML localizes to distinct speckled subnuclear structures commonly known as PML oncogenic domains  . PML is a tumour suppressor gene with pro apoptotic activity .
Neonatal electroencephalographic polysomnographic studies have been performed for over half a century . Since the establishment of the modern neonatal intensive care unit, there has been a growing incidence of premature infants. A recently published report estimates that 12.3 percent of all live births in the United States are children less than 37 weeks gestation .
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in women worldwide. Despite improvements in early diagnosis, and development of various targeted therapeutic approaches, breast cancer related mortality still remains at a high level. Major limitations associated with available therapeutic approaches are high toxicity, lower efficacy, therapeutic resistance and therapy related morbidity.
CD4+ helper T cells play an important role in adaptive immune responses. Indeed, inflammatory conditions such as Crohn’s disease are characterized by predominant Th17 responses  . Inhibiting Th17 responses has been shown to mitigate the progression of inflammatory diseases .
In the United States , the prevalence of overweight is among the highest in Mexican American children and adolescents according to National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys  . In 2005 2006 the prevalence of overweight among children  from all ethnic/racial groups was 15.5%. For Mexican American males and females  the prevalence was 23.2% and 18.5%, respectively.
Angiogenesis is increasingly recognized as essential in the growth and metastasis of human tumors . Thalidomide has been shown to inhibit vasculature in a rat cornea model after D’Amato et al. hypothesized that congenital anomalies brought about by thalidomide were secondary to its effect on vasculogenesis . While the precise mechanism by which thalidomide exerts its anti angiogenic effects remain to be elucidated, thalidomide has been shown to have promising results in a variety of cancers , with multiple myeloma at the forefront.
The current evidence from randomized clinical trials strongly argues that severely injured patients fed exclusively by the parenteral route experience an increased rate of infectious complications such as pneumonia and abdominal abscess compared to patients fed enterally. Experimentally, parenteral nutrition  in mice impairs established respiratory defenses to both bacterial and viral pathogens through reductions in airway IgA. ,  Our lab investigates relationships between PN with lack of enteral stimulation and the deterioration of host respiratory and gut immunity  provided by the mucosal immune system.
Familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy1 , the leading cause of sudden cardiac death in people under 30 , is characterized by myofibrillar disarray and thickening of the left ventricle, papillary muscles, or septum. FHC is caused by mutations in cardiac sarcomeric proteins including the myosin heavy chain , the regulatory  and essential light chains of myosin, troponins I, T, and C, titin, tropomyosin, actin, and myosin binding protein C . The clinical presentation and prognosis of the disease depend on the specific mutation .
Platinum based combination chemotherapy offers a modest survival advantage over best supportive care for good PS patients with advanced non small cell lung cancer . Because of toxicity, patients with squamous cell histology and history of hemoptysis were excluded from this pivotal trial., Cediranib  is an oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor of all three VEGFRs , PDGFR , that has shown promising antitumor activity against a number of malignancies including NSCLC in phase I studies. N0528 was conceptualized shortly after the phase I study combining cediranib with carboplatin/paclitaxel reported in 2006 that full single agent dose of cediranib at 45 mg once daily maybe administered with standard doses of the combination.
The gastrointestinal tract is poised in a state of equilibrium that permits rapid protective responses against pathogens but curtails damage by hindering long lasting vigorous inflammatory processes. Autoimmune disorders, in particular human inflammatory bowel disease , are etiologically associated with chronically deregulated inflammation . The protective role of Tregs in colon cancer is, however, controversial and other reports suggest a negative correlation with high Treg densities and disease outcome .
Immunotherapy involving the transfer of genes encoding T cell receptors  into peripheral blood lymphocytes  is based on the foundation of knowledge gained from the study of tumor infiltrating lymphocytes . Despite these advances, several limitations of this technology exist. Based on these observations, 15 patients with metastatic melanoma were treated with genetically engineered lymphocytes transduced to express a TCR targeted at MART 1, and durable engraftment at levels exceeding 10% of PBL was observed for at least 2 months .
According to United Nations projections, Nigeria is expected to be at the threshold of reaping a potential demographic dividend , following the expected decline in its dependency ratio from 88 dependents per 100 workers in 2010 to only 69 dependents per 100 workers by 2050 . Moreover, even with fertility decline, Nigeria’s population will continue to grow due to population momentum. But continued fertility decline is a prerequisite for any demographic dividend .
Inward rectifier potassium  channels play fundamental roles in excitable and non excitable cells in mammals, including the regulation of skeletal and cardiomyocyte excitation contraction coupling, the transport of potassium  in renal and intestinal epithelia, and the metabolic coupling of blood glucose to insulin secretion in pancreatic beta cells . In humans, there are sixteen Kir channel encoding genes, which by amino acid homology have been divided into seven subfamilies . Experiments using heterologous expression systems have demonstrated that Kir1 and Kir2 encode functional inward rectifier K+ channels, whereas Kir3 does not .
Autism, a complex and heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorder with a largely unknown etiology, is characterized by impairments in social interaction and communication, along with the presence of repetitive and stereotypic behaviors or interests. Considered the prototypic autism spectrum disorder, the prevalence of autism is estimated at 0.10.3%; prevalence estimates for autism spectrum disorders as a whole range from 0.30.6% . In the last decade, the reported prevalence of autism has increased by 314 fold, ostensibly because of changes in autism awareness, case definition, and broadening diagnostic criteria  .
Sulfatase enzymes comprise a group of cellular and extracellular enzymes that are key regulators of the degradation of sulfated glycosaminoglycans, including chondroitin sulfate, dermatan sulfate, keratan sulfate, heparin, and heparan sulfate, and of sulfated steroids, including estrone sulfate and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate. Deficiency of ARSB or GALNS leads to accumulation of sulfated glycosaminoglycans, resulting in the lysosomal storage diseases Mucopolysaccharidosis  VI from ARSB deficiency and MPS IVA from GALNS deficiency. Removal of the 4 sulfate group is required for the degradation of C4S, and removal of the sulfate group is required for activity of steroid hormones.
Despite significant advances in targeted therapies against cancer, metastatic disease remains incurable . Paget’s ‘seed and soil’ hypothesis suggests that a receptive pre metastatic microenvironment must evolve in order for tumor cells to engraft and proliferate at secondary sites . Tumor cell derived factors that enhance or direct metastasis to specific organs have been described .
B cell development begins within the bone marrow, starting from common lymphoid progenitor cells. Development proceeds through discrete stages that ultimately lead to the generation of immature B cells expressing a functional B cell receptor  on the cell surface. Immature B cells subsequently emigrate to the periphery where progression through transitional developmental stages within the spleen leads to the formation of naïve mature B cells capable of activation and differentiation into antibody secreting cells upon encounter with cognate antigen .
The corticotropin releasing factor  family of peptides, including CRF and the urocortins play a critical role in neuroendocrine and behavioral stress responses . Some anxiety disorders have been linked to abnormalities in CRF signaling. Post traumatic stress disorder  patients exhibit elevated levels of CRF in cerebrospinal fluid .
Electrophysiological abnormalities in specific oscillatory frequencies  and in event related potentials  such as mismatch negativity   are consistently reported in schizophrenia. Our understanding on the causes of these diverse electrical anomalies is limited. If so, then some abnormal electrophysiological signals may index the intermediate biological processes connecting oxidative stress to schizophrenia clinical presentations .
Accumulating evidence from both animal studies and pilot clinical trials has demonstrated that pro angiogenic endothelial progenitor cells  have therapeutic effects including stimulation of neovascularization and regeneration of injured endothelium . Aging is one of the major risk factors for the onset and development of cardiovascular diseases . Prior studies indicate that aging of human EPCs contributes to atherosclerosis , and endothelial dysfunction .
When viruses infect cells, intrinsic defensive actions are initiated almost immediately. RNA viruses are recognized as foreign by cellular sensors that are activated by viral proteins or nucleic acids, leading to the production of the critical antiviral type I interferons . Sensing of RNA virus infection by the innate immune system is carried out by membrane bound Toll like receptors, or by cytoplasmic sensors such as PKR, RIG I, and MDA 5 ).
Involuntary smoking  entails exposure to human carcinogens, which are present in tobacco smoke. The composition of involuntary smoking includes both mainstream smoke and sidestream smoke. Mainstream smoke is inhaled and exhaled by smokers; sidestream smoke is released between puffs into the air from the burning cone.
Ascorbic acid  is essential for human health, and in order to survive humans must obtain this nutrient from their diet, primarily from fresh fruits and vegetables . AsA is also critical to plant health, as evidenced by the fact that no plant mutant completely devoid of AsA has ever been described. Despite the importance of AsA, however, the factors regulating its metabolism in plants are not well understood.
The magnocellular neuroendocrine system, with cell somas and dendrites in the supraoptic  and paraventricular  nuclei, has an essential role in osmoregulation . Elevations in Na+ and osmolality activate magnocellular neurons directly  and indirectly, via innervating osmosensitive neurons in the forebrain , to enhance vasopressin and oxytocin release into the hypothalamus and peripheral circulation . IL 1β expressed in oxytocinergic and vasopressinergic neurons  may enhance magnocellular responses to osmotic stimulation.
The pharmacologically important membrane bound flavoenzyme monoamine oxidase A 1 functions in the oxidative degradation of the neurotransmitters dopamine, norepinephrine and serotonin . Human MAO A is found to be ~90% identical in sequence with rat MAO A with each enzyme containing an FAD cofactor covalently attached to conserved cysteinyl residues via an 8 α S thioether linkage. X ray structural analysis on both enzymes demonstrate that crystalline human MAO A is monomeric  and that rat MAO A is dimeric .
Central to adaptive immunity is the linked recognition of antigen by T cells and antigen presenting cells  through direct cell to cell contact. Linked recognition underlies most adaptive immune responses that both protect from infection and that drive tissue damage in autoimmunity . However, unlike TPEM, these techniques cannot be used to understand and quantify the spatial or functional relationships between different T cell and APC populations.
Poliovirus, the prototypic picornavirus, is a small positive sense RNA virus with a genome of approximately 7500 nucleotides. One important example of the multiple RNA protein interactions that are required during a poliovirus infection is the interaction of a cellular protein, poly binding protein 2 , with stem loop IV of the 5′ noncoding region  to mediate cap independent translation initiation. Several RNA binding proteins have been identified as non canonical translation factors that stimulate picornavirus IRES translation, including PCBP2, the La autoantigen, unr , and polypyrimidine tract binding protein  .
Intensive research has been recently directed towards designing new materials for biomedical applications. A hydrogel has been defined as a three dimensional water swollen polymeric network having more than 50 weight% water. Biot’s poroelastic model described the biphasic porous nature of gels.
K Cl cotransport is the coupled electroneutral movement of K and Cl ions carried out by four protein isoforms, KCC1 4. These transporters play an important role in epithelial ion transport and osmotic homeostasis . The neuron specific KCC2 is critical for the maturation of inhibitory GABA responses in the central nervous system by the control of intracellular Cl− concentration .
Iodide , the negatively charged  form of the iodine atom, is essential for the synthesis of thyroid hormones . It is transported from the bloodstream into thyroid follicular cells by the sodium/iodide symporter   and is eventually incorporated into thyroglobulin . Iodide transport is induced by thyrotropin   and suppressed by numerous factors, including an excess of iodide and follicular Tg .
Alpha actinins belong to a family of actin crosslinking proteins of which there are four major isoforms in mammals . Of these, alpha actinins 2  and  3  are expressed almost exclusively in muscle, while alpha actinins 1  and  4  display ubiquitous expression profiles  . ACTN1 and ACTN4 are closely related at both the nucleotide and amino acid levels and each localizes to the lamellipodial extensions of motile cells .
The generation of distinct cellular lineages from multipotent progenitor cells involves differentiation programs that couple up regulation of lineage specific genes with silencing of genes expressed in progenitor cells and alternative lineages. This developmental transition initiates rearrangement and expression of TCRα genes, which leads to expression of unique αβ TCRs on immature CD4+CD8+ thymocytes. Specificities of αβ TCRs are selected through interactions of these antigen receptors with self peptide/MHC complexes expressed on thymic epithelial cells, a process aided by CD4 and CD8 co receptors .
Lipoprotein oxidation plays an in important role in initiation and progression of atherosclerosis, a vascular inflammatory disease, which leads to complications that cause myocardial infarction and stroke . With the changing composition of lipid and protein oxidation products, different forms of oxidized LDL interact with different cellular and soluble receptors. More extensively oxidized LDL , containing aldehydes and modified/degraded apoB 100, binds to CD36 and other scavenger receptors  .
There is a growing interest in using fMRI to study distributed networks of interacting regions across the whole brain . Currently, time series modeling techniques are applied to regional BOLD signals in order to infer synchrony and directional influence among neural populations, both within specific tasks  for review) and, more recently, during task free resting state  for review) . However, the BOLD signal results from a coupling between neuronal activity and vascular responses .
Colorectal cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths, but currently available non invasive screening programs have achieved only a modest decrease in mortality. MicroRNAs  play important role in a wide array of biological processes and are commonly dysregulated in neoplasia. We aimed to evaluate the feasibility of fecal miRNAs as biomarkers for colorectal neoplasia screening .
Emerging research indicates that chemokines and their receptors are part of a signaling system within the CNS that is utilized for communication between cells of the CNS as well as between immune cells and cells of the CNS . For example, CXCL10 levels in the CSF are elevated in HIV infection, with higher levels in HIV infected individuals with neurologic disorders than in HIV infected individuals without neurological deficits . CNS cells, including neurons and glia, have been shown to express CXCR3, the receptor for CXCL10 , and to produce CXCL10 under normal conditions or during pathological states, when chemokine production can be significantly elevated .
The hypothalamic suprachiasmatic nucleus  receives direct synaptic input from the retina , and serves as the master circadian oscillator in the brain that keeps 24 hr time, and drives and orchestrates circadian rhythms throughout both the CNS and peripheral organ systems. A large number of neuroactive transmitters are found in the SCN , and many of these influence clock function. Within this context, cannabinoid receptor 1  axonal immunoreactivity has been reported in the medial hypothalamus, including the SCN .
A link between the Epstein Barr virus  and MS is supported by the increased risk of MS, in individuals with history of mononucleosis ,  or with elevated serum titers of antibodies against EBV nuclear antigens   , and by the higher prevalence of EBV infection in MS cases than controls. There are no longitudinal studies, however, estimating MS risk in EBV negative individuals or the temporal relation between EBV infection and MS. We therefore addressed these questions prospectively in a large population of healthy young adults  Active duty US Army, Navy, and Marines personnel who have at least one serum sample in the Department of Defense Serum Repository , which stores approximately 46 million serum samples originally collected from over 8 million individuals for HIV testing. , For each case, we obtained up to three pre clinical samples .
Colorectal cancer  is one of the most common fatal malignancies worldwide . CRC develops in about 5 percent of the adult population in the United States, and almost half of the affected individuals will die from this disease . Long standing UC predisposes to development of colitis associated cancer , the major cause of death in UC patients .
Altered tissue stiffness through loss of tensional homeostasis is a hallmark of cancer. Malignant tumors have been typically associated with increased tissue rigidity relative to the normal host tissue, which may influence therapeutic response and promote metastasis  and invasiveness. Diagnostic imaging is an essential tool in the management of patients with brain cancer.
The human regenerating  gene family encodes five small secreted and structurally unique proteins that share strong structural similarities to the proteins of the calcium dependent lectin  super family. Identified members of the human Reg gene family include Reg Iα, Reg Iβ, Reg IIIα, Reg IIIβ and Reg IV. These genes are constitutively expressed in normal gastrointestinal  mucosa.
The emergence of next generation sequencing technology, along with the development of the exome chip, has led many investigators to study the role of rare genetic variation in complex human traits. Family based designs have several advantages over population based designs in that they enable the use of statistics that, by design, are robust to confounding due to population stratification. For example, sequencing the parents of affected subjects can identify de novo mutations and also allow the study of rare homozygous genotypes, which are difficult to find in population based designs .
The development of antigen specific effector T cells during the induction of immune responses must be tightly regulated to prevent excessive damage of tissues and organs. Several have reported that APC elimination is mediated through apoptosis induced by CD4+ T cells reactive to antigen/class II MHC complexes presented by the DC . Importantly, Fas mediated elimination of DC has been recently implicated as a mechanism regulating the initiation of autoimmune responses .
Autophagy is an adaptive and essential cellular process that eliminates damaged or harmful cellular components . When optimally regulated, autophagy has been shown to be cardioprotective. The autophagosome fuses with a lysosome forming an autophagolysosome, which ultimately envelops and removes unfavorable cellular components, like damaged organelles and accumulated amino acids,  .
The term retrotrapezoid nucleus  was originally coined by  to describe a rostral extension of the ventrolateral medullary reticular formation containing neurons that innervate the solitary tract nucleus and more caudal regions of the ventrolateral medulla. The possibility that the RTN could contain central respiratory chemoreceptors was therefore considered by  and this interpretation has now received substantial experimental support . The RTN neurons that are activated by hypercapnia in vivo and those that are activated by acid in vitro have the same phenotype in rats, namely these cells are non cholinergic, non catecholaminergic, glutamatergic, and express high levels of the transcription factor Phox2b .
One of the numerous deficits resulting from SCI is hyperreflexia and spasticity below the level of the lesion. A major area of interest is a comparison of the modulation of spinal cord circuitry using passive exercise prior to the onset of hyperreflexia  compared with initiation of exercise after the onset of hyperreflexia . The third objective was to determine if spinal cord circuitry would retain its modulation when exercise was stopped.
There is rapidly accumulating evidence in the field of complementary health practices that greater mindfulness can not only reduce stress and stress related medical symptoms, but can also enhance positive emotions and quality of life. Moreover, studies are beginning to show a relationship between  how much people practice meditation,  how much more mindful they become, and  the positive effects they experience in terms of mental and physical health. This brief, selective review presents some of the most recent scientific findings that demonstrate how practicing mindfulness meditation can impact the mind, the brain, the body, and behavior in ways that may promote whole person health .
Reverse engineering of cellular networks in prokaryotes and lower eukaryotes, as well as in mammals, has started to unravel the remarkable complexity of transcriptional programs. These programs, however, may change substantially as a function of the availability of proteins affecting their post translational modification, such as phosphorylation, acetylation and ubiquitination enzymes, as well as of those participating in transcription complexes , thus making cellular networks highly context dependent . Although the large scale reprogramming of the cell’s transcriptional logic was studied in yeast, , identification of a repertoire of genes that effect these events remains elusive.
Visual hallucinations  are a common and problematic behavior in dementia. , In the short term, VHs pose treatment challenges for clinicians because of the risks of prescribing neuroleptics to dementia patients, but more globally, these symptoms are also associated with rapid cognitive decline, early institutionalization, and high mortality. , Several clinico pathological studies have addressed the neuropathologic  features underlying VHs in dementia.
Glutamate receptors, including NMDARs, have profound effects on neuronal development. NMDAR signaling regulates dendrite patterning, which determines the way a neuron integrates inputs , and contributes to synaptic plasticity including long term potentiation  and depression  . Altered NMDAR function has also been proposed to contribute to other psychiatric disorders including bipolar disorder and autism  .
Rotavirus  is the principal etiological agent of severe gastroenteritis  in young children worldwide . Despite their preferential replication in the intestine, RV induces both an intestinal and systemic immune response, the latter most probably related to the antigenemia and viremia present in acutely infected children and animals . The RV serum IgA titer, measured shortly after natural infection or oral vaccination, is a relatively good correlate of protection .
Myriad changes in brain structure and function accompany aging even in health. Fewer studies have measured iron deposition in normal aging  or have examined functional correlates of regional iron deposition  . Further case exclusion followed examination for excessive edema.
Within the central nervous system vasopressin  acts as a neuromodulator that can influence social behaviors, such as aggression, across species . Two Avp receptors mediate the central actions of Avp: the Avp 1a receptor  and the Avp 1b receptor . In hamsters, there is ample evidence that the Avpr1a is important for aggression .
Inter ethnic differences in focal segmental glomerulosclerosis  and steroid resistant nephrotic syndrome  have been found in pediatric patients in the USA . The ethnicities in these studies were derived by patient self identification. To date, there have been no studies comparing the clinical course of FSGS or SRNS in a group of only Hispanic children versus patients of other ethnic groups although a number of studies have grouped self identified Hispanic patients with AA patients and compared the outcome to that of Caucasian patients .
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States and acute myocardial infarction is the primary culprit. In the U.S. alone, more than 750,000 patients experience a new myocardial infarction every year. Because the amount of tissue destroyed during infarction is a major determinant of prognosis , protecting the ischemic myocardium remains an urgent, yet unmet, need.
Dietary fat is an important modifiable risk factor for hypertension. Interventions that reduce total fat intake can effectively lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure . Recent research further suggest that subtypes of fat with different molecular structure may have different effects on BP.
Synchronization of neocortical neuronal activity, particularly at gamma  frequencies, is related to cognitive functions such as working memory maintenance, attentional selection, sensory motor integration, and memory retrieval ), while disruption of oscillatory synchronization is associated with attention and cognition disorders, including schizophrenia, epilepsy, and ADHD ). However, the physiological and functional consequences of gamma activity for individual neurons remain unclear . The generation and transmission of these oscillations depends critically upon activity in networks of fast spiking inhibitory neurons ; reviewed in , which synapse on the perisomatic compartments of their targets .
RAG1 and RAG2 comprise the site specific endonuclease that creates DNA double strand breaks in the initial steps of VJ recombination. , The RSS contains two conserved sequences, a heptamer and nonamer with consensus sequences of CACAGTG and ACAAAAACC, respectively. There are two types of RSS  that are distinguished by the length of spacer sequence between the heptamer and nonamer.
Arteriogenesis, which refers to the lumenal growth of the arterioles into larger arteries, has been primarily investigated using models of arterial insufficiency for skeletal muscle, brain,, and heart. In these models, the contribution of bone marrow derived cells  has been intensely studied and is now coming into focus. Monocytes, in particular, appear necessary for arteriogenesis.
Challenges in biomaterial design for tissue engineering applications include achieving material properties that match the tissue to be replaced as well as inducing biological responses for enhanced cell attachment, proliferation and/or differentiation . In the absence of any incorporated biological cues, the biological activity of a tissue engineering scaffold is indirectly determined by the physicochemical nature of the material. In particular, its physical properties, such as hydrophobicity, surface charge, topography, and stiffness may directly influence adsorption of adhesion proteins and subsequent cellular interactions .
Inflammatory substances, such as capsaicin, have been used experimentally to measure clinical pain dimensions of hyperalgesia and allodynia, characteristics of central sensitization . Following intradermal and topical application, capsaicin binds to the vanilloid receptor VR 1 and initiates nociceptive C fiber activity . These disorders may represent a common dysfunction in central processing of pain stimuli .
Fruits and vegetables contain a wide variety of potential cancer inhibitory nutrients and other phytochemicals. Substantial evidence has indicated a biological link between dietary constituents and carcinogenesis . Nonetheless, results from individual previous epidemiologic studies on the associations of fruit and vegetable intakes with colorectal cancer have been inconsistent, and a recent summary report suggests fruits and vegetables may have only limited protective effects on colorectal cancer .
Risk stratification in acute heart failure syndromes  is problematic. A recent set of recommendations describes emergency department  patients with AHFS who do not fulfill high risk criteria and may be good candidates for observation unit  management. The goal of this analysis was to report on the outcomes experienced by ED patients with AHFS who do not have any of these high risk criteria .
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States. Tumors arise when control points regulating cell growth or death are compromised. Chemotherapeutic agents such as taxol interfere with cell division.
Charcot Marie Tooth disease , or hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy, is the most common human inherited neuromuscular disorder affecting specifically the peripheral nerves. Based on electrophysiological and neuropathological criteria, the disease is classified into demyelinating forms , axonal forms , and intermediate forms combining features of CMT1 and CMT2 . Intriguingly, genetic defects in six aminoacyl tRNA synthetases   GARS , YARS , AARS , KARS , HARS  and MARS  lead to CMT, highlighting the importance of this protein family in PNS homeostasis.
Human monocytes and macrophages are essential cellular components of multiple physiological activities, including innate and adaptive immunity, tissue homeostasis and systemic metabolism. Their functional diversity requires a large degree of phenotypic and functional heterogeneity, which is finely tuned by local micro environmental factors . Dysregulated macrophage activity has been implicated in various diseases.
Motion artifact suppression is a major challenge in coronary magnetic resonance angiography . For respiratory motion, the typical method is prospective navigator gating, in which a k space segment is repeatedly acquired until the corresponding diaphragm position, tracked by a navigator, falls within a predetermined range in the superior inferior  direction  . These approaches bear a number of limitations.
Synovial joints allow vertebrates to display a great range of motions by articulating bones with one another. Articular cartilage coats bone surfaces and ensures pain free and deformation free movement. A fibrous capsule surrounds the joint and seals its cavity.
The importance of diagnostic testing in the management of infectious diseases was recently highlighted in the report of the Infectious Diseases Society of America’s  Diagnostics Task Force report: “Better Tests: Better Care: Improved Diagnostics for Infectious Diseases.” Similar sentiments are expressed in the report on Antibiotic Resistance Threats in the United States from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A number of new diagnostic technologies for infectious diseases  are rapidly emerging: e.g., broad range PCR, next generation sequencing and matrix assisted laser desorption/ionization time of flight  mass spectrometry. The reports from the IDSA and the CDC highlight deficiencies in current diagnostic methods, and call for approval and access to methods that are rapid, available at the point of care, use direct from specimen analysis and demonstrate high levels of sensitivity and specificity across a wide range of disease syndromes.
Resting heart rate  measured at hospital admission predicts mortality after acute myocardial infarction  However, during this initial phase, sinus tachycardia can accompany chest pain and/or stress and subside when adrenergic triggers are relieved. Thus, HR measured upon admission is quite dependent on the sympathetic activity and this risk indicator has not gained widespread clinical acceptance, possibly because of the circumstances under which it is measured. A similar risk of death is associated with elevated HR during hospital stay, but there is no study that ascertained HR after hospital dismissal during the first year of MI follow up.
Although the incidence of gastric cancer declined in the West from the 1940s to the 1980s, it remains a major public health problem throughout the world and the cause of 12% of all cancer related deaths each year . Previous studies also showed that microvessel density  and expression of various angiogenic factors related to tumor development and progression are predictive of survival in patients with gastric cancer . However, the molecular mechanisms responsible for abnormal expression of many of these angiogenic factors in gastric cancer, including VEGF, remain unclear.
Human vision is functional over a wide range of light intensities by virtue of two light detection systems. Vision under bright light is mediated by three types of cone photoreceptors. All cones absorb photons over a wide range of wavelengths, but in human retina each type contains an opsin which makes it optimally sensitive to long , medium  or short  wavelength light so that the interaction of signals generated by these cones determines perceived color .
Perceived discrimination—defined as “a behavioral manifestation of a negative attitude, judgment, or unfair treatment toward members of a group” —is a widely used concept in psychological research and has been studied in many different types of consequences. There is ample evidence of research indicating that those experiencing greater discrimination in day to day life tend to have poorer physical and mental health outcomes than their counterparts  . The EDS has also been used with international populations such as South Africans .
The prevalence of adult and childhood non alcoholic fatty liver disease  has increased markedly in conjunction with increasing prevalence of obesity. Although the incidence of NAFLD, which is associated with fat deposition within hepatocytes of the liver parenchyma, varies dependent upon the diagnostic criteria , it is estimated that 20% of USA adults and 10% of children  have NAFLD as diagnosed by liver biopsy . Lipogenesis is mediated by lipogenic transcription factor SREBP 1c  and its downstream lipogenic enzyme target, FAS .
Vaccines prepared from attenuated or heat inactivated viruses have been very successful in treating pathogens such as poliomyelitis , Variola major , and influenza . Subunit vaccines are considered to be a safer alternative to live or attenuated virus vaccine formulations because they can establish protective immunity, yet lack the molecular machinery to cause an infection. Imidazoquinolines  are synthetic FDA approved immunostimulants that have recently been successful in improving the efficacy of subunit vaccines .
Phospholipids are important constituents of cell membranes in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes. For example, Plasmodium falciparum infected erythrocytes have been shown to have an altered lipid composition as compared with non infected cells . The intestinal protozoan Giardia lamblia colonizes the luminal surface of the human small intestine and commonly causes diarrhea, abdominal cramps, bloating, and vomiting syndromes .
Parkinson’s disease , the most common neurodegenerative movement disorder in human, is caused due to the loss of dopaminergic neurons in the substancia nigra pars compacta  . However, clinical application of these molecules in PD has been limited because of difficulties in delivery. Gene delivery and/or protein delivery by stereotactic injection is definitely an option but it has several limitations.
In bacteria, proteins are synthesized at the core of ribosome large subunit 50S at the peptidyl transferase center . The ribosomal tunnel wall is formed mainly from 23S rRNA and several ribosomal proteins, leading to the assumption of its having a ‘non sticky’ property that allows for the passage of any polypeptide. Furthermore, other mutation studies on the conserved L4 and L22 tips have revealed the erythromycin resistance of Escherichia Coli, and the binding of a macrolide to the tunnel entrance, which is observed to trigger the ‘swing motion’ of the conserved β hairpin of L22 to block the nascent polypeptide passage.
Williams syndrome  is a multisystem disorder caused by deletion of 26 contiguous genes on chromosome 7q11.23. To examine the potential modifying relation of other genes to the connective tissue and cardiovascular phenotypes in WS, we elected to examine a common genotype known to be associated with variation in elastin metabolism. Elastin is a major component of elastic fibers that confer elasticity and recoil to several tissues.
The degree of major and minor histocompatibility antigen mismatch between donor and recipient in hematopoietic cell transplantation  is the most important risk factor for graft versus host disease . Immunocompetent donor T cells play an essential role in the pathogenesis of GVHD. GVHD can be prevented by graft T cell depletion but at the expense of a higher risk of graft rejection and relapse.
In eukaryotic cells, early steps in the secretory pathway involve the formation of vesicles that traffic the newly synthesized proteins from the ER to the Golgi apparatus . Several mechanisms of membrane remodeling rely on the interplay between proteins and membranes . The COPII components function synergistically to sculpt a highly curved bud on the ER membrane that eventually gets pinched off at the neck that connects it to the parent membrane.
Simulation modeling and clinical trials offer different and complementary methods of exploring the relationship between a health care intervention and health outcomes. In addition, clinical trials are very expensive and so rarely evaluate all the clinically relevant options; modeling can combine the results of several clinical trials, adjust for trial population differences, and estimate the incremental differences between options not compared in any one trial . Despite the importance of model calibration, there is no standard practice in the disease modeling literature for measuring the level of discrepancy between the model output and the calibration targets.
Repeated exposure to the same stress results in a process of adaptation; that is, a change in the response to the stressor which signals that the individual is making the necessary behavioural and physiological adjustments to cope with its demands . Acute stress, such as restraint, initiates the expression of immediate early genes  such as c fos in a number of structures in the basal forebrain and brainstem; this pattern identifies the location of the neural elements responsive to particular stressors . Repeated exposure modifies this pattern of gene expression: some areas  show slowly diminishing levels of response; in others, such as the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus , adaptation in IEG expression is more rapid and complete; .
Substantial evidence implicates EGF like growth factor activity in the regulation of cell migration, proliferation, survival and differentiation of normal and malignant epithelial cells . Human KCs express multiple EGF like growth factors including amphiregulin , betacellulin , epiregulin , heparin binding EGF like growth factor , and TGF α in an autocrine fashion . All EGFR ligands are synthesized as membrane bound precursors that require MP mediated proteolytic cleavage to produce the soluble, mature forms ).
Alzheimer’s disease  is characterized by: widespread neurodegeneration throughout the association cortex, basal forebrain, hippocampus, and limbic system ; abnormal accumulation of amyloid β ; excess phosphorylation, misfolding, and aggregation of tau protein ; and increased microglial activation  and reactive astrogliosis . It is likely that an effective therapy will require multiple approaches, including managing Aβ accumulation along with reducing neuronal vulnerability to Aβ and other causative factors . Engagement of strategic receptors upstream of AD relevant signaling pathways may produce simultaneous effects on multiple degenerative mechanisms, including those modulating tau .
In recent years, the health information environment has become increasingly crowded and complex. Individuals can access a wide range of channels of information spanning a broad range of topics related to health . In addition, health advocates have begun to encourage patients to take greater responsibility for their health and to increase their participation in the decision making process .
Muscle invasive bladder cancer treatment requires a radical cystectomy or chemotherapy with radiation protocol . Radical cystectomy has many quality of life implications. In addition, the absolute survival benefit of neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy is debatable, and toxicity can be significant .
Most cancer patients with advanced tumors undergo combination pharmacotherapy. A challenge in treating these patients is predicting which individuals will respond to a specific therapy. Recent studies have demonstrated the potential that tumor response to chemotherapeutics can be predicted using multivariate Gene Expression based Models .
Hedgehog  proteins, which include Sonic hedgehog , Indian hedgehog, and Desert hedgehog, act as morphogens in multiple tissues during embryonic development . Our previous studies have shown that the embryonic Hh pathway is reactivated in adult animal models of ischemic injury, including hind limb ischemia  and myocardial infarction , and that administration of Shh as a recombinant protein or via gene therapy enhances neovascularization of ischemic tissue by promoting both angiogenesis  and the recruitment of endothelial progenitor cells  . Shh induces fibroblasts and cardiomyocytes to overexpress several pro angiogenic growth factors, including vascular endothelial growth factor  and angiopoietin 1  , which suggests that the effect of Shh on vascular cells is indirect.
Biliverdin reductase A is an evolutionarily conserved enzyme  that catalyzes the reduction of biliverdin IXa, the product of the catalytic activity of the heme oxygenase  enzymes: HO 1 & HO 2, to the quencher of free radicals, bilirubin . Free radical mediated oxidative stress is implicated in the etiology of a wide spectrum of pathophysiological conditions . More recently, however, the protein was detected in the nucleus  in the fixed tissue of animals exposed to cytokines and free radical inducers of HO 1, and the enzyme was characterized as a transcription factor and a dual specificity  kinase.
Clostridium difficile is a gram positive, anaerobic, spore forming bacterium and a major cause of antibiotic associated diarrhea in many countries worldwide . One group of these hypervirulent strains has been characterized as ribotype 027, restriction enzyme analysis type BI, North American Pulsed Field Type 1 . These strains produce the three known toxins: toxin A , toxin B  and binary toxin .
Abnormalities in brain white matter  have been detected and characterized using preferentially T2 weighted magnetic resonance imaging  sequences, which generally detect a prolongation of T2 relaxation as the proportion of unbound water in WM lesions  increases . Furthermore, T2 weighting has been combined with fluid attenuation inversion recovery  to better separate the signal of tissue from that of free water such as in the cerebrospinal fluid  . Similar to FLAIR, DTI studies have revealed WM alterations through measurements of fractional anisotropy  and/or increased mean diffusivity  in a variety of conditions, including aging , multiple sclerosis , cognitive impairment , stroke , AIDS , schizophrenia , bipolar disorder , and brain injury  .
Cancer is one of the leading causes of death among women worldwide. A recent systematic review of research on obesity and screening for cancer of the breast  and cervix  found the most consistent associations between cervical cancer screening and increasing BMI. Findings have varied in the smaller number of studies that examined the relationship between cancer screening and depressive symptoms.
While various clinical and experimental immunosuppressive therapies promote the acceptance of transplanted organs, it is intuitive that graft acceptance is likely achieved by distinct immunologic mechanisms depending upon the therapy. A better understanding of immune parameters responsible for maintaining various forms of graft acceptance would facilitate the development of strategies aimed at achieving vigorous and non reversible transplant acceptance . For example, we have previously reported that inductive therapy with either anti CD4  or anti CD40L  mAb markedly prolongs cardiac allograft survival.
Repetitive behaviors constitute one of the three core domains of symptoms required for autism spectrum diagnoses. There is lower consensus about how early repetitive and stereotyped behaviors are present. While RBs are a reliable diagnostic feature in children older than 2 years of age  and are included in all major diagnostic systems, they have been documented inconsistently in studies of children younger than 3.
Vibrio fischeri is a model for investigations of bioluminescence and mutualistic symbioses, two fields connected by the importance of oxygen. Moreover, anaerobic respiration is apparently induced in symbiotic V. fischeri , consistent with the idea that  is low in the light organ . One regulator that might control anaerobic respiration and luminescence in response to  is FNR.
We recently discovered a novel phenomenon that drives an active contribution of vascular endothelial cells to peripheral pain mechanisms . This phenomenon, referred to as stimulus dependent hyperalgesia, is elicited by two potent vasoactive compounds: endothelin 1  and epinephrine. The discovery of the role of vascular endothelial cells in stimulus dependent hyperalgesia was made possible by adaptation of a method from the cardiovascular and renal vascular literature using the intravenous administration of octoxynol 9 to attenuate endothelial cell function .
For health outcome domains such as fatigue, pain, physical functioning, and emotional functioning there exist numerous instruments purporting to measure the same or similar constructs. The use of different measures in different studies produces results that are difficult to compare and restrict generalizability across studies. Once an item bank is developed, tested, and calibrated, and assuming that the data fit the IRT model, a number of assessment approaches become possible, including computerized adaptive tests and short forms.
The pace of research and development in nanotechnology has generated a large number of unique materials with potential application in many fields, including medicine. Engineered nanoparticles  are already in use for in vivo and in vitro imaging, and considerable research is currently directed towards the development of highly specific delivery systems and other functions with biomedical applications. However, little is known about the immunotoxic properties of silica based NP, which is of potential concern given the literature on silica and autoimmune disease  as well as silicone and immunopathology.
In the decades since chronic illnesses replaced infectious diseases as the leading causes of death, public health researchers have shifted their focus from the individual to the community in recognition that community level changes will foster and sustain behavior change. The prior emphasis on individual lifestyle change has been broadened to include social and environmental factors, often without increased resources . Their charge was specifically to identify new ways to support community health promotion at the national level .
The organization of ion channels within specific subcellular domains along myelinated axons is essential for proper nerve conduction. Specialized axo glial septate like junctions, formed between the glial paranodal loops and the underlying axolemma, mediate the segregation of ion channels within myelinated axons . While numerous proteins reside within the paranodes, to date, only three proteins have been identified as integral components of the paranodal septate junctions: Cont and Caspr in the axon, and the 155kDa isoform of Neurofascin  expressed specifically in myelinating glia .
The Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Family Study  is a multi center, family based study with the goal of identifying genetic components underlying quantitative measures of adiposity and glucose homeostasis. An initial linkage scan and subsequent fine mapping revealed suggestive evidence of linkage of Body Mass Index , Visceral Adipose Tissue , and waist circumference  to a ~40cM interval  on chromosome 17q2417q25 in the Hispanic cohort . Though VAT was consistently the trait with the greatest evidence of linkage on chromosome 17q, VAT and WAIST showed greatly diminished LOD scores following adjustment for BMI , consistent with the linked locus/loci contributing to overall adiposity rather than VAT specifically.
Electrophilic fluorination under mild conditions allows the introduction of the positron emitting isotope fluorine 18 into molecules. However, this synthetic method is rarely used due to the nature of fluorine gas. Unlike other halogens, fluorine usually reacts with complex organic molecules in a non specific way, completely destroying the target precursor.
Memory is central to our cognitive lives, enabling us to discriminate novel people, places, and things from stimuli that are familiar due to previous experience. The anatomical organization of the MTL suggests that its component regions mediate the acquisition, retention, and retrieval of memory in different ways. Perirhinal and parahippocampal cortex provide the major inputs to entorhinal cortex, which, in turn, provides the major inputs to the hippocampus .
Cannabinoid receptors and their ligands constitute an endogenous signaling system that is found throughout the body, and is particularly prominent in the nervous system . It is this system that is activated by exogenous cannabinoids such as Δ9 tetrahydrocannabinol . Significant strides have been made to advance our understanding of the cannabinoid signaling system since the identification of the two known cannabinoid receptors 1 and 2  CB1 and CB2 .
Voltage gated Ca2+ channels  shape electrical signals in excitable cells and generate a ubiquitous and essential chemical signal, Ca2+ ion. The activity of VGCCs is subject to dynamic regulation by numerous signaling pathways and molecules . The Gβγ bound channels are in a “reluctant” gating mode, requiring stronger depolarizations to open , and activation of these channels results in the dissociation of Gβγ from the channel .
Myocardial infarction  leads to an irreversible loss of cardiomyocytes with expansion and remodeling of the extracellular matrix  and scar formation. The number of cardiomyocytes that enter the cell cycle at baseline, evident by markers for DNA synthesis, occurs at a very low frequency of approximately 0.008%. The trigger that drives this small percentage of cells to proliferate has not yet been determined.
Melioidosis is a community acquired infection frequent in SouthEast Asia and Northern Australia . The disease is especially pernicious as the bacterium is intrinsically resistant to a wide range of antibiotics : even with optimal treatment, mortality in acute cases of disease ranges from 20 to 40 % . Consequently, there has been a recent and concerted effort to develop novel countermeasures against this organism .
Leukemia is the most common cancer type in children, with 5,000 new cases expected in the US in 2012 . The most common type of childhood leukemia is acute lymphoblastic leukemia , which accounts for 78% of cases in childhood, followed by acute myeloid leukemia  which makes up 16% of childhood leukemias . Established causes of childhood leukemia including genetic predisposition, ionizing radiation, and chemotherapeutic agents are estimated to explain < 10% of cases, leaving the majority of cases with an unresolved etiology  .
Evidence from a variety of sources suggests that the language processing system includes at least some components that discriminate between nouns and verbs at the cortical level. The results showed that stimulation to this area induced a delay in producing verbs relative to nouns . The task in the study by  required subjects to manipulate the inflectional form of a stimulus word.
Complex atypical hyperplasia is a benign condition of the endometrium characterized by an increased gland/stroma ratio, abnormal glandular architecture, and nuclear atypia. This abnormality may progress to or co exist with endometrial cancer. In the United States, the incidence of endometrial cancer is 23 cases per 100,000 women per year, whereas the incidence of complex atypical hyperplasia is 17 cases per 100,000 women per year.
The relationship between oral contraceptive  use and breast cancer risk has been extensively studied, yet the composition and patterns of OC use have evolved considerably over time and more recent formulations have received relatively little scrutiny. Notably, there have been changes in OC formulations since they were introduced in the United States  in the 1960s, including decreased estrogen doses, the addition of new synthetic progestins, and the approval of extended cycle OCs . Given that OCs are the leading contraceptive method in the U.S. , ongoing evaluation of their benefits and harms is of critical public health importance .
In registration trials, triple therapy with telaprevir , pegylated interferon , and ribavirin  achieved sustained virological response  rates between 6475%, but the clinical effectiveness and economic burdens of this treatment in real world practice remain to be determined . Records of 147 patients who initiated TVR based triple therapy at the Mount Sinai Medical Center  were reviewed. Direct medical costs for pre treatment, on treatment, and post treatment care were calculated using data from Medicare reimbursement databases, RED Book, and Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project database.
The incidence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease  is increasing dramatically in the United States and developed countries . It is estimated that 25%30% of adults in the United States have NAFLD  and that NAFLD accounts for 39% of newly diagnosed cases of chronic liver disease . NAFLD is composed of several related liver disorders ranging from uncomplicated steatosis to non alcoholic steatohepatitis .
Cellular components in biological tissue have different refractive indices that contribute to light scattering, which limits the photon density delivered to subsurface target chromophores . Recently, there has been growing interest to enhance the subsurface photon density by changing the light scattering property of the tissue  . HCAs have been shown to induce optical tissue clearing by skin dehydration and collagen dissociation or a combination thereof .
In 2002, findings of the ALLHAT Study , reinforced by the Seventh Report of the Joint National Committee on Prevention, Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure  , provided a simplified, effective algorithm for initiating and advancing therapy in most newly recognized patients with hypertension. Monitoring and public reporting of blood pressure control for patients with hypertension in commercial and Medicare patients also helped to enhance health plan and physician awareness of blood pressure control. Between 1999 and 2004, blood pressure control improved in U.S. adults with hypertension.
Phenotypic differences between strains of mice are commonly ascribed as being related to differences in genetic background, or more specifically to differences between strains in the nucleotide sequence of genes . Two of the most commonly used families of laboratory inbred mice are the various 129S and C57Bl6/J  sub strains which are known to differ substantially in many aspects of behavior. However, it has long been acknowledged that variations in environmental conditions also lead to alterations in strain specific behavior .
Specific interactions between small molecules and protein receptors are of crucial physiological and pharmacological importance. For example, the generation of an ensemble of multiple pre determined conformations has been proposed to model the receptor flexibility. These ensemble approaches also have limitations.
The goal of treatment of malignancies is containment of tumor growth either by prompt killing of the targeted tumor cells or by elimination of their reproductive potential. Apoptosis is frequently the mode of cell death upon treatment with most antitumor modalities. It should be noted, however, that the loss of reproductive potential of cells undergoing malignant transformation whether through induction of apoptosis or senescence, plays an important role as one of the barriers to tumor development.
Infiltrating ductal carcinoma  is the most commonly diagnosed breast cancer in women , with African American women more likely to be diagnosed with larger and later stage tumors . Kaiso, a bi modal transcription factor that belongs to the BTB POZ  subfamily of zinc finger proteins, is such a protein  . We reported that nuclear Kaiso is observed predominantly in prostate tumors with high Gleason grades.
The molybdopterin  lies at the heart of more than fifty enzymes that catalyse important chemical transformations in all forms of life. The molybdopterin itself is a metal chelating ligand, that is known to bind molybdenum as well as tungsten in biology. During the biosynthesis molybdenum cofactor, MPT binds to copper, which subsequently is replaced by molybdebun.
Hypoxia inducible factor 1  is a transcription factor that mediates adaptive responses to hypoxia. First identified in studies of erythropoietin gene expression , HIF 1 was subsequently shown to regulate oxygen homeostasis at both the cellular and systemic levels . HIF 1 is a heterodimer composed of HIF 1α and HIF 1β subunits .
Numerous pharmacological or behavioral interventions to manage symptoms experienced by cancer patients during treatment have been designed and tested. First, it is argued that symptoms are ephemeral lasting from hours to weeks. Second, symptoms differ dramatically in their severity and duration.
The novel interleukin IL23 was identified as recently as 2000. IL23 is a heterodimer cytokine composed of a p40 subunit  and the unique p19 subunit encoded by the IL23 gene. Recent genetic findings have confirmed previous immunological data that have implicated the IL23/IL17 pathway in inflammatory bowel disease  pathogenesis.
In the United States, the rate of obesity is steadily rising. Among women of child bearing age, approximately 64% are overweight and 35% are obese. Maternal obesity is a predictor of adverse health conditions in pregnancy; such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, inflammation and increased risk for maternal death.
Due to lack of good in vitro models, our understanding of development and stem cell biology of the human lung remains limited. Basal cells are limited to the trachea in mice while they are present throughout the human airways . These differences support the importance of developing in vitro model systems using human airway epithelial cells .
At the 20th Annual Meeting of the International Neuropsychological Society in February of 1992, Arthur Benton delivered the Herbert Birch Memorial Lecture, in which he reprised the highlights of developments in clinical neuropsychology from 1960 to 1990. The idea that we speak with the left hemisphere was firmly established. The work by Hécaen and Zangwill showed conclusively that right hemisphere damage led to defects in visuospatial and visuoconstructional abilities .
Recently, a Multidimensional Prognostic Index  for 1 year mortality derived from data collected in a standardized Comprehensive Geriatric Assessment  was developed and validated in two independent cohorts of older patients hospitalized for acute diseases or relapse of a chronic disease. The strong prognostic value for mortality suggests that the MPI captures a critical dimension of increased susceptibility to disease and impairment that characterizes many frail older persons. It has been suggested that some individuals are genetically predisposed to develop strong disease susceptibility earlier in life than others.
mRNA localization is a widespread mechanism used to achieve intracellular polarity in diverse cellular and developmental contexts. Four localized mRNAs involved in axial patterning within the Drosophila oocyte   gurken , bicoid , oskar  and nanos    have established a paradigm for studying the localization of different transcripts to distinct regions within a cell. During midoogenesis, grk mRNA is localized to the dorsal anterior region of the oocyte, where it is translated to produce a TGFα like ligand that signals to overlying somatic follicle cells to establish the dorsoventral  axis .
Phytoplasmas are small, wall less mollicutes causing more than 700 diseases in hundreds of plant species. Candidatus Phytoplasma solani’  formerly known as Stolbur phytoplasma  affects a wide range of wild and cultivated plants including grapevines, where it induces Bois noir , a disease widespread in Europe and the Mediterranean area . Hyalesthes obsoletus is regarded as main vector in many countries .
The ability to perform more than one task at a time is essential for older adults to maintain functional independence. Walking in home and local neighborhoods often involves simultaneous activities of upper limbs such as carrying bags. The cost of performing multiple tasks simultaneously may result in reduced performance on individual subtasks, particularly among old individuals .
Pyramidal neurons are abundant in brain regions associated with complex cognitive functions, including the cortex, hippocampus, and the amygdala. An understanding of the unique physiology and morphology of these neurons is key to the elucidation of the mechanisms underlying sophisticated cognitive functions in normal and disease conditions. Several lines of evidence suggest that aberrant dendritic arborization may contribute to neurodevelopmental and psychiatric disorders with delayed onset, such as autism spectrum disorders, .
Approximately 30,000 American men lose their lives due to prostate cancer every year . Overcoming the androgen independence of prostate tumors is considered the most critical therapeutic endpoint for improving patient survival . AR overexpression is an effective way of hormone refractory prostate tumors to overcome the growth inhibition effects of elevated serum TGF β levels, even in the absence of DHT  .
Autoimmunity represents a collection of over 80 heterogeneous disorders often controlled by complex genetic and environmental factors. The pathogenesis is thought to result from a breakdown in the mechanisms controlling central and/or peripheral tolerance, which ultimately culminates in autoimmune disease. Treg are a specialized CD4+ T cell lineage that plays a central role in the preservation of self tolerance and whose dysfunction has been implicated in autoimmune diseases including type I diabetes.
Racial and ethnic disparity in the survival of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma  has been well documented. That same year, mortality rates for all cancer sites for African American men were 42% higher than for white men. Second, in some instances the treatment rendered differs between these groups.
CD30, a member of the tumour necrosis factor receptor superfamily, has been the subject of much investigation because of its greatly elevated expression in several types of leukaemia and lymphoma cells, including anaplastic large cell lymphoma  and Hodgkin’s lymphoma  . Two major NF κB pathways have been described both of which are activated in response to CD30 stimulation . Inhibitor of Apoptosis  proteins are a broadly expressed group of intracellular factors that function in a wide range of cellular processes in addition to their initially described role in the suppression of programmed cell death .
Patients with end stage cirrhotic liver disease are known to exhibit unique abnormalities in cardiovascular physiology, known collectively as “cirrhotic cardiomyopathy”  . The key features of this cardiomyopathy, are a) hyperdynamic left ventricular  contractility at baseline, b) left ventricular and septal hypertrophy, c) diastolic dysfunction, d) electrophysiological abnormalities and e) systolic incompetence during exercise, catecholamine or hemodynamic stress . Though the exact prevalence of CC is unknown, recent literature  supports that upwards of 50% adults and children with advanced cirrhosis have CC.
“I get by with a little help from my friends” goes the well known Beatles lyric, and indeed there is strong evidence that social support is protective of health  while social isolation is associated with adverse health outcomes . Though some evidence suggests that social relationships are directly positive for health and well being , other research finds that social relationships can also be associated with negative health risk behaviors . For example women are more likely than men to provide support to family and friends , but men receive more social support on average, than women .
Supraspinal modulation of the excitability of spinal nociceptive networks plays a key role in the perception and reaction to pain . The rostral ventral medulla , of the brainstem comprises several nuclei which send descending projections to the spinal cord that modulate nociception . Physiological and behavioral responses of animals to nociceptive stimuli can be facilitated or inhibited by the activation of separate populations cells within the RVM  which is the major target of efferent projections of the periaqueductal grey  a major site of action of opioid analgesics  .
  This was a prospective cohort study, which enrolled a convenience sample of ED patients presenting with AF. RED AF, previously derived from a retrospective cohort of 832 patients, assigns points based on age, sex, coexisting disease , smoking, home medications , physical examination findings , and adequacy of ED ventricular rate control. We conducted a prospective cohort study at Vanderbilt University Medical Center, a university affiliated, tertiary care ED in the United States.
Differences in the built environment—which refers to the physical features of geographic areas— may have particular relevance to disability. Conceptual models emphasize the salience of environmental features to the experience of participation restrictions, activity limitations, and social exclusion. The purpose of this study is to explore the relationship between the built characteristics of communities and neighborhoods and participation among young and middle age adults with acquired, chronic, physical impairment .
The appropriate patterning, morphogenesis and integration of the gnathostome skull are achieved via an exquisitely positioned and timed cross talk between the embryonic cephalic epithelia and the subjacent mesenchyme. The lambdoidal junction , formed where the maxillary division of the first branchial arch  meets the medial  and lateral  frontonasal processes, exemplifies a morphologically and molecularly intricate epithelial mesenchymal craniofacial interface . Phenotypic analyses of mutations of genes expressed in the ectoderm  have demonstrated the requirement for a properly informed and competent surface cephalic ectoderm  .
Carboplatin  0,0' ] platinum) is one of the platinum agents with enhanced anti tumor activity and reduced side effects in comparison with cisplatin . The side effects of carboplatin were similar to all adverse effects of cisplatin, such as myelosuppression, nephrotoxicity, gastrointestinal upset, peripheral neurotoxicity, electrolyte disturbance and hepatotoxicity, as well as ototoxicity. Although the level of side effects of carboplatin is less severe than that of cisplatin, however, they have attracted increasing attention from clinical doctors and research scientists .
Leukocytes are immune cells involved in host defense. Most leukocyte rolling is mediated by PSGL 1 binding to P selectin  expressed on the inflammation activated endothelium . A semianalytic computer model of steady state rolling has been developed by Tözeren and Ley  which was refined by Krasik and Hammer .
Sensitive biomolecule detection assays with streamlined workflows are crucial for measurement of low concentration clinical analytes and for precise characterization of biological systems. Many detection strategies employ amplification schemes to achieve sensitivity by labeling surface or bead bound targets with enzymes that turn over substrate into fluorescent or colorimetric molecules. To this end, researchers have explored a number of platforms for the creation and utilization of stable and monodisperse miniature reaction compartments.
HIV 1 infection elicits host immune responses that include dysregulation of regulatory pathways for cytokine expression that are characterized by decreased production of pro inflammatory cytokines including IL 12 and IFN γ and increased expression of the anti inflammatory cytokine IL 10, the latter of which has been identified as a factor responsible for impaired innate and T helper type 1  responses in AIDS patients . Innate immunity provides the initial host protective response to infectious danger. Although innate immunity represents a powerful system to combat exogenous invaders, many infections can only be cleared in combination with adaptive immunity.
Pancreatic cancer is a rapidly progressing disorder that is often diagnosed at an advanced, non resectable stage and it is highly resistant to chemotherapy. The low 5 year survival rate of patients with pancreatic cancer of ~6%  is related to the challenges in diagnosing a pancreatic adenocarcinoma at an early stage when curative resection is still possible. Cabbage consumption was associated with a statistically lower risk of developing pancreatic cancer  .
Estrogens have multiple effects on the brain and impact selective aspects of cognitive function in animal models and humans . in nonhuman primates, the effects of estradiol on cognition have been most consistently observed for tasks of spatial working memory and visuospatial attention  and most likely hold distinct biological functions . Thus, predominant activation of one or the other receptor may elicit different cognitive responses .
The gut mucosa is an important site of early SIV and HIV pathogenesis. However, recent studies, some evaluating the effects of long term  ART, have suggested that restoration of gut mucosal CD4+ T cells can occur  and may happen more rapidly if treatment is initiated during acute infection . Importantly, many of these studies have quantified immune reconstitution in response to ART only by relative proportions of T cells.
Chronic idiopathic patellofemoral  pain affects 1417% of the young active population  and is typically exacerbated by activities such as stair ascent/descent, prolonged sitting with flexed knees, jumping, and open chain extension exercises . However, this measure has been subject to substantial controversy over its clinical utility , reliability , and relationship to PF kinematics . These controversies may have arisen from the fact that the Q angle  was originally defined as “the angle between the line of application of the quadriceps force and the direction of the patellar tendon force” .
In 2008, 63% of deaths were due to non communicable diseases  . Smoking and physical inactivity are the two primary risk factors for NCDs, with each contributing to about 5 million deaths annually . Reducing physical inactivity has and will continue to be a public health priority to reduce NCDs and the associated burden.
Psoriasis is a chronic, relapsing autoimmune disorder that affects 2 3% of the population and manifests as lesions of the skin with scaling and redness . These lesions show excessive keratinocyte proliferation , retention of nuclei in the stratum corneum due to aberrant keratinocyte differentiation , and the presence of inflammatory cells including T cells, B cells, neutrophils, and dendritic cells  . In active psoriatic lesions the inflammatory environment includes the expression of a host of Th17  and Th1 related cytokines such as IL 23, IL 6, IL 22, IL 17, and IFN γ .
Amphipols  are polymeric surfactants that maintain membrane proteins  water soluble in the absence of detergent, while stabilizing them . Previous studies have shown that A835, a polyacrylate based APol , is not toxic when added to cell cultures at a concentration sufficient to deliver MPs to their plasma membrane , or when injected to mice at doses sufficient to formulate a vaccine . Above a very low critical aggregation concentration , A835 self associates into well defined, ~40 kDa particles .
Extracellular serotonin  in brain is regulated in part by the presynaptic serotonin reuptake transporter . They also demonstrate increased anxiety and depression like behaviors and reduced aggressiveness on various tests  . For example, humans carrying one “S” 5 HTTLPR allele have 50% reductions in 5 HTT expression and function in lymphocytes, platelets and brain, compared with those with the LL genotype .
Metabolic syndrome , a clustering of obesity, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, and elevated blood pressure, is occurring with epidemic frequency in westernized countries. The prevalence of MetS falls between 20%30% with higher values in African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and females. Studies have shown that as compared to healthy individuals, MetS patients have higher odds of developing cardiovascular disease  ranging from 1.26 to 3.86, depending on the study population and MetS definitions applied.
Desmosomes are cellcell adhesion structures  that are particularly abundant in tissues and organs that have to withstand significant mechanical stress, such as skin and heart. The desmosomal cadherins , together with PERP , form the transmembrane core of the desmosome. Within the core, direct heterophilic interactions between DSG and DSC proteins are believed to contribute to cellcell adhesion .
Ovarian cancer is the number one cause of death of the gynecological cancers. It is expected that there will be 21 650 incidences of ovarian cancer in the United States with 15 520 deaths. Thus, a better understanding of the mechanisms and prognosis of ovarian cancers is necessary to help develop more effective therapies for treatment .
Extensive research has provided important insights into the unique motivational state of the female mammal. Both operant and conditioned place preference  responses to cocaine rely on ascending DAergic projections originating in the VTA , suggesting that cocaine’s incentive value involves intact VTA function . The VTA also participates in the performance of motivated behavior directed toward natural stimuli, including offspring .
In the last few years, several susceptibility genes for schizophrenia have been identified by positional cloning. Naturally, these studies have examined multiple markers, as their goal was to detect association in genes about which there were few a priori hypotheses. Candidate gene studies have been proceeding simultaneously.
Despite great increase in understanding of cancer at molecular level, cancer remains as the second most common cause of death in the U.S. Survival rates for many common cancer types have changed little over the past two decades . If cancer is detected early, prior to metastatic spread, survival rates are vastly improved .
Hepatic fibrosis results from many chronic liver diseases, including hepatitis B and C, autoimmune hepatitis, alcoholic liver disease and non alcoholic steatohepatitis  . Hepatic stellate cells  are the principal liver cells that promote hepatic fibrosis, . Upon the activation of HSCs by various stimuli, such as transforming growth factor  β and platelet derived growth factor , HSCs transdifferentiate into myofibroblasts and then produce excessive extracellular matrix  proteins, including collagen type I, III and IV, resulting in hepatic fibrosis.
Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers in men in the United States, with 186,320 new cases estimated in 2008, and one of the leading causes of cancer death among males, with approximately 28,660 deaths estimated in 2008 . With current therapies being unable to completely eliminate androgen independent prostate cancer cells that remain after androgen ablation , novel approaches for the treatment of prostate cancer are essential. Specific immunotherapy, either alone or in combination with standard definitive radiation therapy or chemotherapy, is one such novel approach .
The acquisition time for whole brain magnetic resonance imaging  data is limited by the time required to traverse the k space. This can be achieved by using partial k space sampling , compressed sensing , or exploiting a priori information , such as key hole imaging  and singular value decomposition MRI . In fMRI, parallel MRI has been successfully combined with the gradient echo EPI to achieve accelerated acquisitions .
Prognostic factors related to the clinical outcome following traumatic brain injury  include lesion type, level of consciousness and the extent of associated systemic injuries. Although elderly patients may gradually regain some of their lost abilities following TBI, the functional recovery is usually incomplete and unsatisfactory since the adult brain loses much of the capacity for plasticity and repair as it ages  . Although originally described in severely brain injured patients, damage to axons has also been observed in cases of mild and/or predominately focal TBI.
Fibrotic disorders, including systemic sclerosis  and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis , are characterized by excessive deposition of extracellular matrix  components such as collagen and fibronectin . Fibrosis is the result of abnormal ECM remodeling which occurs due to an imbalance of ECM deposition and degradation . Activated fibroblasts are a primary source of ECM in fibrotic tissues .
Individual differences in body weight regulation are partially determined by genetic factors . Nevertheless, a detailed account of the hereditary effects on adiposity has been elusive to date, in part because a large number of genes that may each play a minor role . One strain has been selectively inbred to resist weight gain when placed on a 31% fat, high energy  diet, referred to as diet resistant  rats.
The endoplasmic reticulum  is one of the largest cellular organelles, its membranes representing as much as half of the total membranes of the cell. An essential function of the ER is the proper assembly of proteins that are ultimately destined for intracellular organelles and the cell surface . Disruption of ER homeostasis, termed ER stress, activates the UPR .
The management of sarcomas of the head and neck remains a challenge in the field of head and neck oncology. As sarcomas comprise less than 1% of all head and neck malignancies , there are no prospective, randomized controlled trials to guide management. Current guidelines are based on the collective efforts of retrospective studies from tertiary care centers as well as treatment guidelines extrapolated from sarcomas of the trunk and extremities .
The most common cause of premenopausal, chronic intercourse pain  is localized provoked vulvodynia . LPV exacts a severe psychosexual and interpersonal toll. The pathogenesis of LPV is unknown, resulting in a disarray of disease classification and a lack of mechanism specific therapy.
Autism spectrum disorders  are developmental disabilities resulting from dysfunction in the central nervous system and are characterized by impairments in three behavioral areas: communication , social interactions, and repetitive behaviors or restricted interests . ASD usually manifest before three years of age and the severity can vary greatly. Idiopathic ASD include autism, which is considered to be the most severe form, pervasive developmental disorders not otherwise specified , and Asperger’s syndrome, a milder form of autism in which persons can have relatively normal intelligence and communication skills but still experience great difficulty with social interactions.
Heroin addiction is a chronic, relapsing brain disease that is characterized by drug dependence, tolerance and compulsive seeking and use despite harmful consequences. This complex disorder is a worldwide major public health problem. The relatively high heritability  of this disorder  indicates that genetic variants may play a role in vulnerability to its development.
Retinal degenerative diseases, such as age related macular degeneration and retinitis pigmentosa, lead to blindness due to the loss of photoreceptors . Recent clinical trials of epiretinal electronic implants  in patients blinded by retinitis pigmentosa demonstrated equivalent visual acuity up to 20/1260 in the most successful patient, leading to clinical approval in US and Europe. The epiretinal approach to retinal prosthetics aims at direct stimulation of the retinal ganglion cells  using electrodes placed on the inner limiting membrane of the retina.
A variation in bone response to fluoride  exposure has been attributed to genetic factors. Increasing fluoride doses  for three inbred mouse strains with different susceptibilities to developing dental enamel fluorosis  had different effects on their cortical and trabecular bone mechanical properties. In this paper, the structural and material properties of the bone were evaluated to explain the previously observed changes in mechanical properties .
Systemic lupus erythematosus  is an autoimmune disease with varied clinical presentations. SLE accounts for up to 10% of patients with pediatric rheumatic diseases with an estimated prevalence of between 5,000 and 10,000 children in the United States . In adults, the prevalence of SLE is estimated at 20 to 150 cases per 100,000, with the prevalence in African American women 2.5  to 3 fold higher than in Caucasian women  .
Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder  caused by prenatal ethanol exposure is the most frequent preventable birth defect syndrome . FASD prevalence ranges from 0.3 to 5% within most populations, reaching as high as 8.9% in some low socioeconomic populations . Ethanol exposure during zebrafish retinal neurogenesis  also induced persistent microphthalmia .
Injury to the recurrent laryngeal nerve  or vagal nerve causing unilateral vocal fold paralysis  is most commonly due to surgery of the head and neck, skull base, or thoracic cavity. Since Isshiki’s introduction of the type 1 thyroplasty technique, medialization laryngoplasty  has become the most commonly performed surgical intervention for UVFP. However, multiple technical modifications and implants of varying shapes and sizes have been proposed.
Mitogen activated protein kinase  kinase 4  is a component of stress activated MAPK signaling modules . It can activate by phosphorylation the c Jun N terminal protein kinase  and p38 families of MAPKs in response to various stimuli. However, our previous studies have provided genetic evidence that MKK4 is mostly required for JNK activation in vivo , although MKK4 was shown to contribute to p38 stimulation in cells where both MKK3 and MKK6 have been removed  .
The ability of proteins to bind preferentially to specific DNA sequences depends on a variety of readout mechanisms involving both the recognition of hydrogen bonding and hydrophobic groups on different bases  and shape readout . The latter category includes sequence dependent deformability , intrinsic bending  and both global and local conformational variability . Readout is accomplished through the effect of minor groove shape on electrostatic potentials which are enhanced when the groove is narrow .
The goal of genetic studies is to unravel the genetic basis of a phenotype. Heritability estimation is usually the initial step in planning genetic studies because subsequent linkage and association studies rely heavily on heritability estimates to determine power and necessary sample sizes to identify susceptibility genes. In addition to identifying underlying genetic components, it is important to understand and identify underlying environmental factors that contribute to phenotypes of interest to obtain accurate heritability estimates.
Since the discovery of leptin as a major anorexic adipokine that acts on the hypothalamus to reduce food intake, most neuroscientists have focused on the neuronal functions of the leptin system. Unexpectedly, in both C57 male mice fed a high fat diet  and mice with a genetic predisposition to obesity resulting from the agouti viable yellow  mutation , there is robust upregulation of leptin receptor  immunoreactivity in glial fibrillary acidic protein   astrocytes in the hypothalamus. Adult onset obesity is associated with hyperleptinemia and partial saturation of leptin transport across the blood brain barrier  .
Dorsal root ganglia  contain diverse subpopulations of primary sensory neurons that transduce and encode a variety of stimuli that impact an array of unique tissue types. These distinct electrophysiological properties reflect the differential distribution of ion channels  . Large conductance voltage dependent and Ca2+ modulated K+  channels are key regulators of cellular excitability .
Binaural processing of acoustic signals is essential for localizing sound and extracting signals in a noisy environment. Low frequency sounds are localized by interaural differences in the arrival times of sound created by a spatial separation of the ears . In the avian auditory brainstem, a modified Jeffress model is represented by nucleus magnocellularis  and nucleus laminaris .
In the human brain, objects are represented in a large swath of ventral temporal and lateral occipital cortex that responds more strongly to object stimuli than to their scrambled counterparts . Initially, it was thought that this substantial part of visual cortex had no further functional organization other than containing a small number of modules that appear to preferentially process information regarding specific biologically relevant object categories such as faces , places , and bodies . More recently, however, improved imaging techniques at higher field strength have revealed an increasing number of retinotopically organized areas containing both an orderly polar angle as well as an eccentricity representation in ventral visual cortex.
Antiretroviral therapy  greatly reduces morbidity and mortality for people with HIV/AIDS . Actual adherence rates  generally range from 60 to 70% , and often decrease over time . A growing literature also suggests that certain patient characteristics are related to antiretroviral non adherence.
Multiple myeloma  represents approximately 10% of all hematologic malignancies and the median overall survival  of those diagnosed in the last decade has approached 4 years . High dose melphalan at 200 mg/m2 remains an integral modality of myeloma treatment and tandem transplants continue to be offered to a fraction of patients  . In the recent years, these primary refractory patients were shown to benefit from high dose chemotherapy with CR rates of 16 40% .
In response to different environmental and physiological stress conditionsthat increase the load of unfolded proteins in the ER, protein sensors located inthe luminal face of the ER membrane activate the unfolded protein response . Activation of this signaling pathwayleads to a reduction in the influx of proteins into the ER, activates proteindegradation pathways and increases the folding capacity of the ER . In vertebrates, three different types of ER stresstransducers have been identified.
In CNS neurons, NFs are assembled into long linear polymers containing four subunits, NFH, NFM, NFL and α internexin . Because of their unique sidearms and ability to align in parallel arrays, NFs are well suited to support the extreme polar shapes of neurons , and expand axons for optimal electrical impulse conduction  . The kinetic behaviors of NF and their incorporation into the axonal cytoskeleton have long been controversial.
Cardiac hypertrophy is typically characterized by enlargement of the heart and an increase in myocyte cell volume that occurs in response to diverse pathophysiologic stimuli such as hypertension, ischemic heart disease, valvular insufficiency, infectious agents, exercise, or mutations in sarcomeric genes. Pathologic hypertrophy of the myocardium temporarily preserves pump function, although prolongation of this state is a leading predictor for the development of arrhythmias and sudden death, as well as dilated cardiomyopathy and heart failure. , The hypertrophic growth of the myocardium is typically initiated by neuro endocrine factors and membrane bound receptors that integrate their responses through nodal intracellular signal transduction pathways such as the mitogen activated protein kinase  cascade, calcineurin nuclear factor of activated T cells , insulin like growth factor I  phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase  Akt/protein kinase B , and many others.
Senescence is associated with alterations in the structureand function of neural circuits underlying sensorimotor, cognitive, and emotional processes. Converging evidence indicates that prominent changes occur across the human life span in declarative memory as well as in emotional information processing. Senescence related deficits in declarative memory have been well characterized.
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma  is the sixth most common type of cancer worldwide. Although new therapeutic approaches, including fractionated radiotherapy, targeted chemotherapy and concurrent radiotherapy and chemotherapy , have been recently evaluated, the improvement in overall survival in patients with HNSCC is still low. The term HNSCC comprises epithelial tumors that arise in the oral cavity, pharynx, larynx and nasal cavity, with the main risk factors being alcohol and/or tobacco abuse .
For the approximately 25,000 patients in the US annually diagnosed with a glioma , the most common and lethal primary brain tumor, treatment options are limited and ineffective . These episodes can be debilitating, since they are often refractory to anti epileptic drugs   . Prior work has shown that the excitatory amino acid neurotransmitter glutamate  accumulates in peritumoral tissue due to its avid release from tumors via the “system xc”  cystine glutamate anti porter .
Prescription drug abuse and overdose have reached epidemic status in the United States, and prescription drug monitoring programs  have been implemented in nearly every state to combat the epidemic. Such shopping  is associated with increased risk of drug related overdose and death, . PDMPs appear to influence clinicians’ decisions about whether to prescribe controlled substances ,,.
Regulatory T cells  represent a subset of CD4+ T cells defined by expression of the forkhead transcription factor , which is encoded by the X linked gene Foxp3,. Deficiencies in Foxp3 function result in autoimmunity very early in life in both mice and humans due to a lack of proper immune regulation ,. In addition, Tregs have been shown to limit pathogen specific T cell responses during both acute  and chronic infections , .
Despite the use of adjuvant endocrine treatment prognosis remains poor for a significant population of patients with estrogen receptor positive  breast cancer . A logical approach to improving ER+ breast cancer treatment is, therefore, to inhibit gene activities that promote survival in the presence of ER targeting agents. Aberrant activation of the PI3K pathway through mutation and epigenetic silencing of genes within the PI3K signaling cascade frequently occurs in breast cancer.
In mammals, circuits essential for respiratory rhythmogenesis are distributed bilaterally as columns in ventrolateral medulla. These networks remain spontaneously active in a variety of neonate rodent in vitro medullary preparations . Two anatomical regions have been shown to have rhythmogenic function in vitro: the retrotrapezoid nucleus / parafacial respiratory group , ventral and caudal to the facial nucleus  , and the pre Bötzinger complex , 500 μm caudal to the caudal pole of the VIIn  .
Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation  offers the possibility of a curative treatment for malignant and non malignant hematological diseases. The anti CD20 chimeric monoclonal antibody Rituximab  given prior to, or during conditioning for T cell replete SCT has been reported to decrease acute , and chronic , and may decrease transplant related mortality  . Because of these promising results, RTX has been increasingly used to treat c GvHD  .
Asthma is a chronic inflammatory disease characterized by inflammation of the airways, tissue remodeling, and a decline in respiratory function . In the United States, 510% of the population suffer from asthma, representing a common diagnosis for pediatric hospital admission and a major cause for lost days at work and school . Despite intense ongoing research, the incidence of the disease continues to rise, necessitating the need for new scientific inquiry .
It is well known that the Hispanic/Latino  population living in the United States  suffers from an unequal burden of certain diseases compared to non Hispanic Whites . Studies on U.S. Hispanics have found that this group is in the midst of experiencing an increase of both non melanoma skin cancers  as well as melanoma. Ultraviolet  radiation exposure has been shown to increase the risk of developing any of these three skin cancers.
Falls are a leading cause of injury at both home and the work place. Slips are the second leading cause of falls, accounting for 25% of all fall injuries . The high incidence rate of slips and falls has inspired numerous studies into slip mechanisms and safety guidelines, particularly in the workplace.
Reported incidence rates of therapy related myeloid neoplasms  after autologous blood or marrow transplantation , vary from 1% to 20% . The reported incidence rates of t MN after ASCT generally appear higher than those reported after multiple cycles of conventional dose therapy . Though t MN are usually associated with clonal marrow cytogenetic abnormalities  , it is not clear that isolated therapy related CMCA, those that occur in the setting of normal bone marrow pathology, are always associated with t MN.
In magnetic resonance imaging , the radiofrequency  field  inhomogeneity can produce flip angle variations, which can ultimately lead to signal intensity variations and quantitative measurement errors. The B1 + variation is in part due to the spatial variation of the field strength produced by the RF coil and in part due to the dielectric properties of the human body. Thus, these applications may require B1 + mapping to correct for the errors .
Neurofibrillary tangles  consist of fibrillar tau aggregates. Tau is normally a highly soluble, cytoplasmic protein. However, under pathological conditions, it is hyperphosphorylated and aggregates into filamentous structures.
Pancreas cancer is a disease with high rates of metastatic disease at diagnosis, poor prognosis and high rates of recurrence even after attempts at cure with surgery. A combination of 5 FU, leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin  has demonstrated a significant improvement over gemcitabine in patients with a good performance status; while the response rates and overall survival improvements are significant, the regimen is associated with significant toxicity, particularly myelosuppression  . Similarly, biliary tract malignancies  are often metastatic at diagnosis, and portend a poor prognosis in spite of extensive resection/transplantation/chemotherapy.
Being incarcerated in the United States is the only circumstance where primary health care is constitutionally guaranteed . Furthermore, with a growing population of older prisoners, the prevalence of chronic diseases of aging is expected to increase in prison  . In spite of the heavy disease burden, prisons are not designed to provide chronic disease care.
Human adult vocal folds consist of five layers: epithelium, superficial, intermediate and deep layers of the lamina propria of the mucosa and the vocalis muscle. hVFF in the lamina propria migrate and proliferate in response to injury and are thought to produce ECM components for wound healing of damaged lamina propria. Numerous investigations have described the age related anatomic, physiological and acoustic changes of the voice and the larynx,  histopathology  of the aging larynx , and more recent studies have delved into the gene expression, and protein level of aged fibroblasts.
The skull is divided into two compartments: the viscerocranium, which comprises the facial skeleton , and the neurocranium, which together encases the brain and cranial sense organs. The bones of the cranial base then undergo endochondral ossification to form the chondrocranium. However, he notes that “no systematic study has been made of the development of the skull in either rats or mice”.
With the availability of next generation sequencing data, there has been increasing interest in studying associations between complex traits and low frequency variants  or rare variants ; see two recent reviews . Accordingly, there have been intensive efforts in developing new statistical tests for LFVs and RVs. conducted a comprehensive review and comparison of many existing association tests for LFVs and RVs with unrelated samples.
Several artifactual factors can impair the accuracy of DXA  measurements of the spine, including surgical hardware or cement, gastrointestinal barium or calcium tablets, and external objects like buttons, snaps, buckles and knives. One unavoidable external artifact is unremovable navel jewelry. This has not received much attention because it is an infrequent artifact in the elderly, who usually receive bone densitometry .
Protein modification involving small ubiquitin like modifier  has been shown to play an important role in regulation of diverse cellular functions . Sumoylation is a multi step process and requires several enzymes. Since most of SUMO substrates are nuclear proteins including many transcription factors or co factors, SUMO/Ubc9 impact a variety of cellular pathways such as cell growth, proliferation, apoptosis and even chromatin remodeling  .
Organophosphate pesticides  are among the most widely used class of insecticides in agricultural settings with an estimated 33 million pounds applied in the United States  every year. There is little doubt that OPs can be related to ill health among adults, especially farmworkers who are exposed to OPs as part of their regular work . Children are a particularly susceptible population to pesticides due to their exposure prone behaviors as well as physiologically based differences between adults .
Microvascular cerebral blood volume  is known to adjust during periods of increased neuronal activity . Such CBV changes have been reported to occur primarily in arterioles and capillaries , with a smaller change possibly occurring in venules as well . Since such CBV changes occur in the microvasculature and not large draining veins, identification of CBV adjustment concurrent to neuronal activity should be useful for improving the spatial localization of brain function over conventional blood oxygenation level dependent  fMRI  .
Recent advances in restorative dentistry emphasize the development of materials and procedures that facilitate the preservation of sound dental tissues before restoration, thus favoring minimal invasiveness. Chemo mechanical methods of caries removal have been increasingly indicated as an option for minimally invasive treatments. The papain enzyme, particularly, a plant derived cysteine protease of broad proteolytic activity , has been used as a chemo mechanical material since its recent introduction by Bussadori’s group .
A number of longitudinal studies have documented that depressive symptoms rise moderately after midlife . There is also evidence that the increase in depressive symptoms is a function of socioeconomic status  and health conditions in late life. Little is known about the trajectory of depressive symptoms among Hispanic Americans and how it compares with that of white and black Americans.
Reproduction can be dangerous and energetically costly, exposing individuals to physical harm, infectious disease, and reduced immunity . For instance, in short lived, fast reproducing species, individuals are predicted to tolerate high risks and strong tradeoffs during reproduction because such species maximize fitness by investing in current reproductive opportunities and discounting future opportunities. Within this framework, long lived female mammals represent an interesting group because female mammals exhibit several adaptations that may help mitigate the high costs of reproduction.
Adverse drug reactions are the fifth leading cause of death in the United States , and thousands of additional patients are prescribed medications from which they derive no benefit; overall efficacy rates for even the most common drugs treating the most prevalent diseases have been estimated to be only about 50% . Furthermore, it has been suggested that the health care system wastes billions of dollars annually on poor prescription drug choices  notwithstanding the direct cost of such failures to patients . In response to this challenge to more fully realize the possibilities of personalized or precision medicine, we implemented a project that offers broad, free of charge pharmacogenomic testing to patients receiving care at our institution.
Families of children with Autism Spectrum Disorder  endure significant financial and employment burden due to their children's numerous needed services. The study objective is to describe additional impact on families of children with intellectual disability  in addition to ASD . The study is a secondary data analysis of the 2009 2010 National Survey of Children with Special Health Care Needs.
Steady postural contractions that stabilize a limb with accuracy are required forsuccessful performance of many daily tasks including carrying objects, driving, and walking. Subsequent development ofimaging techniques in humans including functional magnetic resonance imaging  hasestablished positive associations between contraction force intensity of the upper limb andcortical activation indicated by the blood oxygenation level dependent  response. However, thereremains uncertainty as to the role of intensity and volume of cortical activation in forceregulation  and the motor areasinvolved with increased activation especially among lower to moderate force contractions,which are forces at which many daily tasks are performed  .
Autism spectrum disorder  is characterized by deficits in social communication and interactions, stereotypic behaviors, and restricted interests . In addition to these core symptoms, persons with ASD often suffer from irritability, which may manifest as tantrums, self injury, and aggressive behaviors toward others. Mounting evidence from animal models and human studies support this hypothesis on E/I imbalance.
Aerobic glycolysis, the switch in glucose metabolism from oxidative phosphorylation to enhanced glycolysis, occurs in cancer cells even in the presence of adequate oxygen levels. This phenomenon, first described by Otto Warburg in the 1920s, is referred to as the Warburg effect . Modulation of glycolysis can be used as an indicator of treatment efficacy .
Breast cancer  is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among American women, accounting for approximately 32%  of all new cancer cases per year . It is the second leading cause of cancer death for women in the USA, claiming the lives of 41,000 annually. SL is currently being used as an effective complementary and alternative treatment for the treatment of breast cancer in southern parts of India  and it contains six herbals   Semecarpus anacardium Linn.
The non competitive glutamatergic NMDA receptor antagonist, phencyclidine , has long been recognized to induce acute schizophrenia like symptoms in humans . Schizophrenia is a severe neuropsychiatric disorder which affects approximately one percent of the population worldwide. Unfortunately, its etiology and pathophysiology are poorly defined.
Protein Protein interactions are critical in most biological systems. The key consistent finding is that contributions to ΔG are not distributed evenly throughout residues in the interface. Further these hot spots tend to cluster as well.
Neuropathic pain remains a significant clinical problem and is often resistant to conventional analgesics. These abnormal neuronal activities play an important role in the development of hyperalgesia and allodynia associated with neuropathic pain. These channels can be divided into three main subfamilies on the basis of their electrophysiological, pharmacological, and molecular profiles: large conductance Ca2+ activated K+  channels, intermediate conductance Ca2+ activated K+  channels, and small conductance Ca2+ activated K+  channels .
Diet induced obesity and metabolic syndrome are important contributors to cardiovascular diseases, including vascular restenosis after angioplasty and atherosclerosis. Vascular smooth muscle cell  migration contributes significantly to these pathological processes. Generally, SMCs do not proliferate in arteries.
The glomerular and granule cell layer interneurons of the main olfactory bulb  are derived primarily from the mammalian subventricular zone , a proliferative region that generates neural progenitors and remains active throughout life . Mature OB interneurons express a variety of neurotransmitter and neuroactive molecules, such as GABA and dopamine  . The molecular mechanisms regulating the differentiation of OB DAergic interneurons, in particular, are not well defined, but are clearly distinct from those in midbrain DAergic neurons .
The prevalence of fecal incontinence  is approximately 3 fold greater in nursing home  residents  compared to the non institutionalized population aged 70 or older . This has contributed to the belief that FI is a major risk factor for NH referral, but there is little direct evidence to support this belief. Thom and colleagues reported that incontinence is a significant contributor to NH referral, but this study did not distinguish between FI and urinary incontinence .
Vocal fold paresis is increasingly recognized as a commonly encountered clinical condition causing dysphonia., However, these signs may not be always present. In addition, laryngeal paresis can be due to recurrent laryngeal nerve  deficit, superior laryngeal nerve  deficit, or both, thus making it challenging to detect and/or determine the side of paresis . Laryngeal videostroboscopy remains the most commonly used endoscopic procedure for clinical evaluation of dysphonia.
Parasitic protozoa such as Leishmania, Trypanosoma and Plasmodium are unable to synthesize purines de novo and are completely reliant upon their hosts to provide them with preformed purines . Since most cells in vertebrates are capable of purine biosynthesis, the requirement of these protozoa for host derived purines is one of the principal biochemical distinctions between the host and parasite and represents a potential target for therapeutic intervention. To scavenge purines, these parasites have evolved a unique set of purine transporters and salvage enzymes that allow them to take up a variety of purine nucleosides and nucleobases and convert them into essential purine metabolites .
Metastatic melanomas are invariably chemoresistant and carry a grim prognosis . A hierarchical mapping of these alterations  has remained elusive. This is particularly relevant for the antiapoptotic members of the BCL 2 family .
Tumor angiogenesis, the development of new capillaries from preexisting blood vessels, is indispensable for tumor growth and metastasis . Thus, the “angiogenic switch” during tumorigenesis is recognized as a rate limiting secondary event that can be effectively targeted as a therapeutic approach to treat cancer . Among them, VEGF is a major mediator of angiogenesis, which transmits its signals primarily through binding to its receptor VEGFR 2, a receptor tyrosine kinase, on the surface of blood endothelial cells to promote angiogenesis  .
Alcohol is the 5th leading risk factor in the Global Burden of Disease  estimates, accounting for 3.9% of the GBD, and is the 3rd leading risk factor among men and 1st among those 1535 years old . The relative risk  of injury from alcohol consumption is one important component in estimation of alcohol attributable non fatal injury. Risk estimates have typically been derived from mortality rather than morbidity data, however, been based on chronic rather than on acute consumption , have not examined the dose response relationship and have assumed a uniform risk across gender, age, cause of injury and country .
Selenium  is an essential dietary nutrient for all mammalian species, including humans . The mechanism of action of Se compounds, either via a pro oxidant pathway  or an antioxidant pathway , is still unclear, but is nonetheless intriguing. Thioredoxin  is a 12 kDa protein thiol disulfide oxidoreductase which, in mammalian cells, has a variety of biological functions related to cell proliferation and apoptosis .
Glucocorticoids are potential mediators to cause muscle wasting. In skeletal muscle, glucocorticoids decrease the rate of protein synthesis and increase the rate of protein degradation. Various stressed conditions, including severe burn injury, sepsis, uremia, and acidosis induce glucocorticoid release in association with muscle wasting ,.
Early treatment of HIV infection with combination anti retroviral therapy  improves health outcomes in infected individuals and reduces transmission . Many public health experts advocate for expanding treatment provision through a “test and treat” strategy , in which HIV infected individuals are offered ART regardless of clinical status. Such policies have had beneficial impacts on HIV related outcomes in resource rich settings .
Differences in spirometric measures of lung function between European Americans and African Americans are well documented. European Americans had higher mean FEV1 and FVC than the other racial/ethnic groups. Others have found “childhood disadvantage factors” during early life development, such as parental asthma, childhood asthma, respiratory infections during childhood, and maternal smoking to be significantly associated with lower FEV1 .
The brain is enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids  that fall into two categories based on a double bond at the n 6 or n 3 position. Both AA and DHA, including their oxygenated derivatives, can modulate brain function, alter signal transduction, and disrupt other brain processes . The eicosanoids  and docosanoids  may have antagonistic effects during inflammation.
One of the hallmarks of the adaptive immune response is its ability to generate immunological memory against foreign antigens so as to generate a stronger immune response on secondary encounter. Thus, Treg memory in the tissue is emerging as one of the main players in regulation of autoimmune responses where persistent self antigen expression helps in its maintenance  . CTLA4 is a negative regulator of the immune system .
Automated projection spectroscopy  was introduced nearly a decade ago . In spite of a court injunction which blocked the use of APSY and related techniques for several years , APSY NMR has become a standard technique for projects of the Joint Center for Structural Genomics . Within the J UNIO protocol for extensive automation of protein structure determination , APSY NMR is routinely used for polypeptide backbone assignments of proteins with sizes up to about 150 amino acid residues, and significantly larger proteins have also been successfully studied .
Deregulation of cell cycle progression plays an important role in the development of cancer . The CDK complexes can be activated at specific points of the cell cycle when a CDK is bound with cyclins, or inactivated when CDK inhibitors bind the CDK . Of cyclins, cyclin D1 is critical in controlling cell cycle progression from G1 to S phase .
Inhibitory neurons comprise about 20% of all cortical neurons and are crucial to cortical function. They can be further subdivided into numerous classes or subtypes based on their immunochemical, morphological, and physiological properties . The most informative markers are those that have minimal overlap with other markers and that correlate closely with other features.
The magnitude reconstruction typically used in MRI combines the real and imaginary components of a complex spatial signal so that the resulting image is independent of the arbitrary phase setting and is not affected by phase artifacts . However, several quantitative imaging techniques, such as diffusion, perfusion, and functional MRI, utilize echo planar imaging , which has relatively poor SNR . For diffusion MRI, the SNR is further reduced by diffusion weighting of the signal .
The burden of diabetes mellitus  and prediabetes vary substantially among racial/ethnic groups in the United States , with American Indians having the highest prevalence of type 2 DM . Even though the higher burden of type 2 DM among Hispanics has been widely documented in the US , there are limited data on the burden of these conditions across Hispanic subgroups. More recently, data from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos, a multicenter community based cohort study of Hispanics in the US, have shown that mainland Puerto Ricans experience the highest age  and sex adjusted prevalence of adverse cardiovascular disease risk profile compared with Cubans, Dominicans, Mexicans, and Central and South Americans  .
GSTM1 is one of a family of cytosolic GSTs that act as multifunctional Phase II enzymes and regulators of stress activated inflammatory signaling . The GSTM1 gene has 2 alleles: a wild type allele GSTM1*1 and a non functional variant null allele GSTM1*0 . Approximately 70% of European Americans and nearly half of African Americans have the homozygous null GSTM1 genotype and express no GSTM1 protein .
In eukaryotic cells, the spatial segregation of transcription in the nucleus and translation in the cytoplasm imposes the requirement of transporting thousands of macromolecules between these two cellular compartments. After transcription and splicing in the nucleus, mRNA is packaged into mRNA ribonucleoprotein particles , which are then exported through NPCs. The NPC features a doughnut shaped symmetric core with a central transport channel that is asymmetrically decorated by a “nuclear basket” structure and cytoplasmic filaments.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors  are the medications most commonly used as first line treatment for major depressive disorder . The Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression  study assessed response and remission rates in 2,876 patients with MDD following initial treatment with a highly selective SSRI, citalopram. Trivedi and colleagues  reported that 29.7% of the patients in the group who received adjunctive bupropion SR in doses up to 400 mg/day for an additional 12 weeks  achieved remission .
Adipose derived stem cells  are multipotent adult stem cells derived from fat that have the ability to differentiate in vitro along a variety of lineage pathways, including bone, cartilage, adipose, neuronal like, and muscle . These cells exhibit a high expansion rate in vitro, and after several passages the population exhibits a low immunogenic profile as shown by low expression of MHC class II molecules and costimulatory molecules. When utilized as stimulator cells in a one way mixed lymphocyte reaction , they do not stimulate a proliferative response from allogeneic T cells.
It is well known that radiation exposure occurring by intentional or un intentional ways causes cell death and damage in a dose dependent fashion. Individuals exposed to radiation show significant loss of peripheral immune cells, which predisposes them to a wide range of microbial opportunistic infections. For this reason, a clearer understanding of the cellular and molecular events following radiation injury in humans is of paramount importance if a radionuclear event ever happens.
Magnetic resonance guided high intensity focused ultrasound  is a powerful technique for thermally ablating focal lesions. MRgHIFU offers multiple advantages compared to other forms of focal ablation including the high precision of energy delivery, the lack of adjacent tissue toxicity, and the completely non invasive approach . The technique is most frequently used to treat uterine fibroids or for palliation of painful bone metastases refractory to radiation therapy .
The vestibular otolith receptors have evolved to detect linear motion and head position with respect to gravity. These are essential functions, about which all coordinated and reflexive movements, as well as spatial orientation and navigation through space depend. However, little is known about otolith system development.
Aromatic peptides have the intrinsic ability to self assemble into highly ordered nanostructures such as nanospheres, nanotubes, nanofibrils, nanoplates, etc. . In addition, these materials are naturally biocompatible and easily chemically modified, resulting in their application to many areas including bio sensing, drug delivery, tissue engineering, kinase activity measurements and pathogen detection .
Vesicle fusion is followed by vesicle endocytosis, which forms new vesicles. Recycling of newly formed vesicles is crucial in maintaining synaptic transmission. Studies in the last two decades revealed that endocytosis can be rapid  or slow  .
Calcium channels are multi subunit complexes comprised of a major pore forming α1 subunit approximately 250 kDa in size and smaller auxiliary β, α2δ, and γ subunits . The C terminus of Cav2.2 plays a critical role in channel synaptic targeting by binding to the active zone scaffolding proteins CASK and Mint1  and to the motor dynein light chain subunit tctex1 . However, mechanisms underlying anchoring and retention of these channels at the presynaptic plasma membrane remain largely unknown.
Tyrosine phosphorylation is involved in the regulation of many physiological processes, including growth, proliferation and differentiation, metabolism, cell cycle regulation and cytoskeletal function, cell cell interactions, neuronal development, gene transcription, and the immune response. Until recently, PTKs were considered to be the main enzymes regulating tyrosine phosphorylation and huge progress has been made over the last 20 years in clarifying their significance in signal transduction. The ability of PTPs to dephosphorylate phosphotyrosine residues selectively on their substrates plays an important role in initiating, sustaining and terminating cellular signaling.
The tumor suppressor p53 exhibits distinct functions at the cytoplasm, the nucleus and the mitochondria . At the mitochondrial outer membrane, p53 directly interacts with pro apoptotic   and anti apoptotic Bcl 2 family members   through a sequential mechanism first binding anti apoptotic Bcl 2 proteins followed by binding to pro apoptotic Bak  or Bax . Many agents have been identified to target the anti apoptotic Bcl 2 family members such as navitoclax  and ABT 199  .
One of the defining features of autism is language impairment. Such asymmetries have been shown in autism in evoked potentials to speech stimuli  and also volume of neural language structures, including frontal and temporal areas  and in particular, the planum temporale . A number of studies link atypical structural asymmetries with language functioning.
Although clinical and research studies commonly acquire complementary brain images from each participant, the statistical analyses in most studies are performed with the data from different images analyzed separately , and often use “univariate” methods that treat different voxels or regions of interest  within an image as independent. For instance, co registered magnetic resonance images  can be used to localize anatomical ROIs in functional brain images, support the anatomical deformation and standardization of functional brain images, characterize functional brain imaging measurements in segmented brain tissues and help correct them for the effects of partial volume averaging, and characterize the correlations between regional measurements in the complementary datasets . In contrast to univariate image analysis methods, multivariate image analysis techniques can be used to characterize voxel  or region based patterns of covariance.
IgA nephropathy , the most common form of primary glomerulonephritis worldwide, is characterized by a proliferation of mesangial cells and matrix and deposits containing predominantly IgA1 and C3 . The pathogenesis of IgAN has so far not been completely elucidated but much research has focused on the importance of galactose deficient IgA1 . IgA1 differs from IgA2 mainly by the presence of the hinge region, an 18 amino acid sequence between the Cα1 and Cα2 part of the heavy chains of IgA1, with three to six attached O glycans .
Liver fibrosis represents a wound healing process in response to a variety of acute and chronic stimuli, including ethanol, viral infections, cholestasis, and metabolic diseases . Characterized by excess synthesis and deposition of extracellular matrix , fibrosis disrupts the normal architecture of the liver leading to organ dysfunction, which can progress to cirrhosis and ultimately organ failure if left untreated. Currently, few therapeutic strategies exist to treat liver fibrosis .
Recent epidemiologic data using an objective measure of physical activity indicate that fewer than 12% of male and 6% of female adolescents in the United States are engaging in sufficient physical activity to meet public health recommendations . Throughout the high school years , there is a precipitous decline in physical activity participation , and sedentary adolescents are at high risk for remaining sedentary into adulthood . Research into individual differences that may explain why some adolescents remain active and others do not has generally focused on traditional constructs derived from psychosocial models of health behavior, such as perceived benefits, perceived barriers, and self efficacy.
Based on pathologic examination of the entire prostate, the Gleason grading system is the most powerful variable available for distinguishing between indolent Gleason score 3+3=6 cancers and cancers with lethal potential, virtually all of which are Gleason score 3+4=7 or higher . However, a recent meta analysis, including more than 14,000 cases, suggests that this is frequently not the case: a mean of 36%  of apparently indolent Gleason score 6 tumors on needle biopsy are “upgraded” to Gleason score 7 or higher at radical prostatectomy  . Currently, there are few predictors of which patients with Gleason score 6 prostate tumors on biopsy are likely to harbor higher grade disease.
Physical inactivity is associated with an increased overall risk of cancer mortality  and mortality associated with specific anatomic sites such as colon  and breast . However, there is little information regarding the association of inactivity and lung cancer, which is the most common cause of cancer death in the United States. Cigarette smoking is the most important cause of lung cancer.
Enhancing the capacity of neurons to adapt to hypoxic stress has implications for improving the survival of neurons during lethal insults from diseases such as stroke and hypoxic encephalopathy. We propose that the endoplasmic reticulum  is involved in the phenomenon of hypoxic preconditioning, in which a prior exposure to non injurious hypoxia induces tolerance to subsequent severe hypoxic or ischemic stress . Increasing evidence points to the ER as the critical organelle in the transduction of various degrees of cellular stress into cell defense/survival or apoptosis decisions, depending on the severity and duration of stress .
Ostensibly aversive stress experiences can increase the pursuit and use of alcohol and stimulants in humans and animals . Along with its companion paper on cocaine , the current report identifies several key social determinants linking episodic social defeat stress and its effect on alcohol drinking behaviors . Glucocorticoid release resulting from social defeat stress may contribute to the reinforcing effects of alcohol .
Propofol is a commonly used intravenous agent for the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia used on millions of patients worldwide. It is thought to act primarily through the hyperpotentiation of the γ aminobutyric acid  A receptor . Although the GABA A dependent mechanisms are well established, there is a growing interest in elucidating secondary mechanisms that might have long lasting side effects .
Black pigmenting anaerobic bacteria, including Porphyromonas gingivalis and Prevotella intermedia, are among the major pathogens associated with severe periodontitis , an inflammatory disease which damages the periodontal tissues supporting the teeth. Both P. gingivalis and P. intermedia have an absolute requirement for haem, which they can store as an extracellular pigment, and which is composed of iron protoporphyrin IX PPIX) derived mainly from the proteolytic breakdown of haemoglobin, and from haem carrying plasma proteins albumin and haemopexin. Neither P. gingivalis nor P. intermedia possess the genes encoding the biosynthesis of iron protoporphyrin IX, and are thus reliant on exogenous sources of haem such as haemoglobin .
Neurologists who care for stroke patients are required to certify in use of The National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale  now that Disease Specific Specialty Designation as a Primary Stroke Center is available from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organization, . The NIHSS is a widely used stroke deficit assessment tool used in nearly all large clinical stroke trials to document baseline and outcome severity . A training and certification process exists to assure that raters use the NIHSS in a uniform manner, : videotapes were used for training and certification from 1988 2006.
Adult bone mass may be influenced by stressors over the life course. We examined the association between marital life history and bone mineral density  net socioeconomic and behavioral factors known to influence bone mass. We sought evidence for a gender difference in the association between marital history and adult BMD .
Ethanol and dietary fat are closely related at the behavioral level. Clinical evidence shows significantly elevated ethanol intake in subjects consuming fat . Animals that prefer fat exhibit higher ethanol intake than do carbohydrate preferring rats .
An increase in vascular permeability is a key hallmark of inflammation and has been implicated in the pathophysiology of many disease states including acute lung injury, ischemia reperfusion injury, atherosclerosis, and diabetes. Under physiological conditions, adherens junctions predominate in endothelial cell cell contacts and control pulmonary endothelial barrier integrity. Stabilization of adherens junctions is dependent on the association of vascular endothelial  cadherin, β catenin, p120 catenin, and α catenin proteins and their linkage to the actin cytoskeleton wherein VE cadherin association with the actin cytoskeleton is thought to be dependent on the β catenin linkage.
Cancers hijack the immune system to avoid detection and to allow for progression, invasion, and metastasis . With these advances, the number of potential new therapies also increases; however, several immune oriented therapeutics, such as cytokines, have been unsuccessful in making a significant impact in the war on cancer  . Indeed, numerous preclinical studies demonstrated the benefit of IL 12 for several different tumor models, and these positive results led to clinical trials.
The side chains of several natural amino acids contain nucleophiles. In contrast, the side chains of proteinogenic amino acids lack reactive electrophiles, other than half cystines. Collagen is a fibrous protein with a sequence comprised of the repeating triplet Xaa Yaa Gly.
Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death among kidney transplant patients. , Cardiac disease accounts for 43% of all cause mortality among dialysis patients, and for about 38% of all cause mortality posttransplant. , The number of kidney transplants  performed annually increased gradually from 3784 in 1980 to a peak of 18,018 in 2006, with a small decline to 17,356 in 2008.
In recent decades, there has been an alarming increase in the rates of overweight and obesity on a global scale . Body adiposity cannot be measured directly, and although there are numerous techniques for accurately assessing total body fat such as underwater weighing   and dual energy X ray absorptiometry   these methods are not practical for use in large epidemiological studies . In addition, site specific selection for skinfold thickness measurements based on sex has been recommended  .
There is abundant evidence of disruptions in neuronal metabolism and mitochondrial respiration in Huntington’s Disease . Recent reports have revealed that the metabolic transcriptional regulator peroxisome proliferator activated receptor γ coactivator 1α  and multiple PGC 1α target genes are downregulated in the striatum of patients with HD and in mouse models of HD ). Accordingly, PGC 1α has been suggested as a potential therapeutic target in HD  .
Exposure assessment is a key aspect of observational studies in human toxicology and epidemiology, where individual dosages are not part of the study design. In commonly used statistical analysis, the exposure variable is treated as an independent variable without error. Residence, occupation, and dietary questionnaire responses may be used as proxy variables that reflect an exposure.
Corticobasal ganglia  circuits are thought to promote motor skill acquisition through reinforcement learning . During reinforcement learning, individuals first explore their environment. Reinforcers shape this variable behavior until it converges on an optimum for a particular context.
Abdominal aortic aneurysm  rupture is the tenth leading cause of death in the United States. It has been argued that in some cases an ILT is beneficial, i.e., it forms locally a “new blood conduit” and may “dampen” the pressure wave impact on the AAA wall. Evidence for such behavior is seen in the direct relationship between ILT and AAA volume.,,, Hemodynamic aspects of continuous ILT development related to an expanding idealized AAA geometry were discussed by Salsac et al., to entrap platelets and activate their clotting mechanism revealed by the direct relationship between recirculation time and platelet acetylated thrombin generation.
Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia  is an incurable low grade B cell lymphoproliferative disorder characterized by bone marrow  infiltration of a clonal population of small B lymphocytes, plasmacytoid lymphocytes and plasma cells that secrete monoclonal IgM antibody . The etiology of the disease is still unknown. Although believed to be predominantly sporadic, familial cases suggest a possible predisposing genetic defect  .
To date, in vivo molecular imaging techniques have made great progress due to improvements in imaging technology and the design of novel imaging probes. Several modalities are now utilized for molecular imaging, including nuclear imaging, optical imaging, MRI and ultrasound . As a result, multimodality imaging should have the potential for overcoming the disadvantages of a single modality by combining the advantages of more than one modality .
Of the 22,000 ovarian cancer cases that will be diagnosed in 2013, approximately 10% can be attributed to an inherited predisposition. In contrast, women in the general population have a 1.4% lifetime risk of developing ovarian cancer. The National Comprehensive Cancer Network  has developed guidelines to aid with the management of these high risk women.
Physiologically, pulmonary dead space is the portion of ventilation that is unable to participate in gas exchange and is essentially wasted. In addition, lower pulmonary dead space fraction has been predictive of successful extubation in critically ill infants and children. Thus, pulmonary dead space fraction may have potential value as a physiologic marker in other critically ill pediatric populations .
Fucose can be linked through α, α and α bonds to N acetylglucosamine and through α to galactose in a range of glycoproteins and glycolipids. Mammalian α L fucosidases are multimeric, containing glycoprotein subunits of about 53kDa; they have a maximal activity between pH4 and 6.5. This has been attributed to variations in the sialic acid content as well as the two different alleles and polymorphisms within the FUC1 gene.
Proliferation of EC is a critical process involved in angiogenesis and atherogenesis . Through cell cell contact inhibition, normal vascular EC are in a quiescent non proliferative state . Proliferation and migration of EC can also be induced by complement activation through insertion of the C5b 9 complex into the EC membrane  .
Glucocorticoids  affect almost every aspect of adipose tissue biology. They are required for the full differentiation of adipose precursors and for the maintenance of key genes in glucose and lipid metabolism in cultured adipocytes and adipose tissue . As expected from their well known anti inflammatory actions, GCs decrease the expression of inflammatory cytokines such as interleukin 6  and tumor necrosis factor alpha  that are mainly expressed in non adipocyte fraction in human adipose tissue .
We examined the association between smoking and the risk of Barrett's esophagus , a metaplastic precursor to esophageal adenocarcinoma . We conducted a case control study within the Kaiser Permanente Northern California population. Patients with a new diagnosis of BE  were matched to persons with gastroesophageal reflux disease   and to population controls .
During evolution, the primate cerebral cortex has expanded disproportionately, relative to overall brain size. Inward bending  folds are called ‘sulci’, and outward bending  folds are called ‘gyri’. In a given species, the exact geometry of these folding patterns is not random ; indeed it is consistent enough so that the major sulci and gyri are named individually  .
High density lipoproteins  are well recognized to be antiatherogenic and to play a role in mediating cholesterol efflux from cells, . Bone morphogenetic proteins  2,  4 and  6 have been detected in atherosclerotic plaques , and are believed to contribute to their formation. In endothelial cells , BMP 2 and  4 have been identified as genes mediating the response to inflammation and oscillatory shear stress, .
The striated perineal muscles and the motoneurons that innervate them have been the subjects of intense investigation, owing to their unusual androgen dependence . The bulbocavernosus  and levator ani  muscles attach to the base of the phallus, and are active during erection and ejaculation . As a result, adult females lack a BC and possess only a remnant, or no, LA.
The physiology canon asserts that Mb serves as an O2 stores or facilitates O2 transport. Textbooks have embraced the concept; even though in vivo experiments have presented conflicting evidence . Yet in mammalian heart, the O2 store of Mb actually prolongs respiration in a rat heart for only a few seconds during anoxia.
With the growing amount of clinical research studies in the field of interventional oncology, selective patient data is becoming more difficult to store and organize effectively. Researchers had to manually read through the reports and data tables to filter patients and gather data. For most studies, spreadsheet programs such as Microsoft Excel®  are often used as a data repository similar to a database to record and organize patient data for research.
Sphingomyelin  is an abundant phospholipid in the cell membranes and lipoproteins of all vertebrate animals, and is an essential component of membrane rafts, the microdomains of cell membrane that play a critical role in cell signaling and other cellular processes . Recent epidemiologic studies show that increased plasma levels of SM are associated with an increase in risk of atherosclerosis , but the underlying mechanisms are largely unknown. Part of the reason for this is that the normal physiological functions of SM in cells and lipoproteins are not well understood.
Since the initial use of interferon monotherapy in 1986, great strides have been made in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus  infection. Even with the recent development of potent HCV protease and polymerase inhibitors, ribavirin appears to be necessary to maximize response rates. Although landmark clinical trials demonstrated the beneficial effect of ribavirin more than 10 years ago, the mechanism by which it improves treatment responses remains poorly understood  .
Individuals with obesity, advancing age, hypertension and heart failure all demonstrate increased muscle sympathetic nerve activity , increased cardiovascular disease risk and reduced exercise tolerance. Excessive sympathetic mediated vasoconstriction within skeletal muscles may limit blood flow in such conditions. As the world wide obesity trend increases, it will be important to understand the functional consequences of heightened MSNA associated with obesity, hypertension and insulin resistance in the human condition of metabolic syndrome .
During protein synthesis, nascent polypeptide chains can modulate the efficiency of translation. Nascent polypeptide mediated translation regulation can be an intrinsic property of the nascent chain or can depend on the additional presence of a ligand, e.g. a macrolide antibiotic such as erythromycin,. Biochemical and genetic studies of several drug dependent regulatory peptides have provided initial models for how interactions within the ribosomal tunnel can relay back to the PTC to induce translation arrest,.
The decline in episodic memory with amnestic forms of mild cognitive impairment  is well established for verbal material. We were interested in studying whether the memory impairment associated with amnestic MCI and mild Alzheimer’s disease  would include impairment on the WMS III Faces recognition test. The study of face recognition memory is of value because of its importance as a social skill .
Centenarians represent an increasingly large segment of the United States  population, with the most recent census estimating over 53,000 living in the US in 2010 , and a relative increase in the proportion of the population reaching age 100 has been reported in many industrialized nations, including the US, England and Wales, Japan, and Sweden . Available normative data on cognitive test performance of commonly administered neuropsychological tests is lacking in this age group. For example, the most recent version of the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale  provides normative comparisons for adults up to age 90  and even clinical research programs specifically aimed at providing normative data for older adults face challenges with having adequate sample sizes for this exceptionally old age group .
Dynamic nuclear polarization  in conjunction with 13C MR metabolic imaging offers an exciting method of assessing in vivo metabolism with a substantial gain in sensitivity over conventional MR methods . Recent studies using hyperpolarized  pyruvate as a substrate have demonstrated utility for examining in vivo tumor metabolism in rodent brain tumor models . These preclinical studies have shown the feasibility of using this technique for differentiation of tumor from normal brain tissue, characterization of 13C metabolite patterns between pathologically heterogeneous abnormal and normal brain tissue, and detection of early response to treatment in animal models of high grade gliomas .
Previous studies showed liver dysfunction after severe burn, and that this is associated with activation of endoplasmic reticulum  stress. Autophagy is a catabolic process to maintain cellular organelle balance; ER stress is associated with autophagy signaling cascades. We thus sought to determine whether autophagy signals were associated with damage in the liver after burn, and further whether burn associated ER stress activates autophagy signals in hepatocytes .
CBFβ binding to the Runt related  family of transcription factors is required for fidelity of bone  , hematopoietic   and gastrointestinal   development, proliferation and differentiation of respective lineages. The activity of RUNX transcription factors is primarily confined to the nucleus and bound to the nuclear scaffold . Conversely, heterozygous Cbfβ+/− knock in mice survive gestation but die soon after birth with bone developmental defects that are comparable to but less severe than Runx2−/− mice  .
RNA, in its varied forms, interacts with proteins to carry out fundamental roles in the cell. RNA binding proteins are known to have a relatively broad specificity in binding to RNA; thus, such proteins may bind to host RNA or DNA during overexpression and co purify during the purification process. Additionally, the precipitation of nucleic acids with polyelectrolytes has been proposed and tested for Escherichia coli   and wheat germ .
High grade gliomas in patients are invasive and histologically heterogeneous. However, existing MRI techniques are not sufficiently tissue specific and suffer from several limitations. First, gadolinium enhancement on the post contrast T1 weighted images reveals focal areas of tumor where the blood brain barrier is disrupted, but it does not show large areas of infiltrating tumor .
The number of women presently involved in the U.S. criminal justice system has grown quickly in recent years, with current data indicating involvement of 1 out of every 89 women in the country . In 2011, almost one million women were sanctioned under community corrections, including probation and parole . The skyrocketing increase in women’s criminal justice involvement is largely attributed to: 1) The War on Drugs; 2) mandatory minimum sentencing; and 3) the lack of programming to meet women’s needs .
described the first case of PitB occurring in a 13 month old female Korean child presenting with Cushing's syndrome and diabetes insipidus . A sellar and suprasellar mass measuring 3.5 cm was identified on magnetic resonance imaging . Ultrastructurally, the tumorous pituitary resembled that of 1012 week embryonic stage pituitary gland .
Although variola virus, the causative agent for smallpox, was eradicated in 1978, recent events have reawakened concerns that variola could be used as a biological weapon . The smallpox vaccine used in the United States up until 2008, Dryvax, while highly effective in preventing disease caused by smallpox , has a significant incidence of adverse effects, which have prompted efforts to develop safer smallpox vaccines . Cytotoxic T lymphocyte  activity and interferon γ  production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells  have been described in response to VACV administration and have been found to persist for decades after vaccination .
Water protein interactions are ubiquitous in biological systems and play an important role in the folding, stability, and function of proteins. Several spin diffusion solid state NMR  experiments have been introduced to determine the distances of proteins to membrane associated water and to lipid chains . Thus, most of these experiments employed relatively long spin diffusion mixing times of tens to hundreds of milliseconds, which detect water or lipid chain magnetization that originated from as far as several nanometers away.
Successful language processing requires the integration of grammatical information across linguistic units within a sentence. One grammatical dependency that must be computed in many languages is subject verb agreement. Agreement phenomena are of particular interest because they present some interesting paradoxes for language processing.
Androgen blockade therapy  for treating prostate cancer  was initially conceived through the discovery by Dr. Huggins and colleagues that PCa growth is dependent on androgens , and this now has become a standard treatment. Both agents prolong the overall survival of patients with castration resistant prostate cancer . However PCa treated with these new agents also can acquire resistance through amplified AR expression, aberrant activation of AR by tyrosine kinase signaling, atypical activation of AR co activators, and AR splice variants , thus sustaining the need for improved treatments for this indication .
Handedness is first demonstrated between 910 weeks gestation, as embryos begin to exhibit single arm movements . Twin studies, in which the similarity of identical  and non identical  twin pairs are compared, provide estimates of the relative magnitude of genetic and environmental influences and have proved popular in studying behavioral laterality. Since the first study by  there have been thirty seven twin studies of handedness published  .
Older adults frequently report the subjective feeling that their mental abilities have worsened. This phenomenon has been labeled subjective memory complaint or subjective memory impairment. Nonetheless, the cognitive problems observed in elderly people are not mainly and not only related to memory hence the term subjective cognitive impairment  has been proposed.
The acute inflammatory response is mainly a protective mechanism; it destroys and/or separates the injurious agent, removes damaged tissue and repairs the area as best possible . While inflammation is a fundamental component of normal host defense and wound repair, it is also implicated in a broad range of diseases . Elucidation of the relationship between such major diseases and inflammation has led to the targeting of inflammatory mediators, particularly those derived from membrane lipids, as potential therapeutics.
Over 700 million pounds of pesticides are used annually in agriculture in the US , and several studies document increased exposures for farmers, farm workers, and families living in agricultural regions compared with non farming populations . The Agricultural Health Study  is a study of pesticide applicators and their spouses  a population at high risk for pesticide exposure. Results of studies examining the association between maternal occupational and environmental pesticide exposure and birth weight have yielded inconsistent findings, potentially due to different characterization of exposure, different biomarkers of exposure, and the time window during pregnancy that was investigated  .
New biomedical interventions, including pre exposure prophylaxis  and nonoccupational post exposure prophylaxis  have recently been approved and endorsed for use in preventing HIV transmission in high risk populations, especially among men who have sex with men . Other emerging biomedical primary prevention approaches, such as topical microbicides, have shown promise in clinical trials with female users, but have not yet been approved for rectal use in MSM who represent the majority of HIV infections in the U.S.. In regards to secondary prevention, early antiretroviral therapy was found to substantially reduce transmissions to HIV negative partners among heterosexual couples in developing countries , but significant challenges may remain for applying this model to U.S. MSM.
The introduction of optical coherence tomography  into clinical practice has changed ophthalmology, and with progression of new technology, the ability to obtain a true, non invasive “optical biopsy” of the posterior segment is almost achievable. With advancements in OCT image processing software, more refined details of the posterior segment can be appreciated and characterized in vivo. The choroid plays a vital role in the pathophysiology of many diseases affecting the retina but adequate visualization of the choroid using OCT has not been possible until recently.
Asthma is the most prevalent chronic disease of childhood and the most frequent reason for childhood hospitalization in the United States., A challenging clinical feature of this complex environmental and genetic disease is the heterogeneity of clinical expression. As such, the ability of clinicians to assess severity of acute asthma exacerbations is variable and limited in accuracy. Approximately thirty six acute asthma severity scores have been proposed.
Altered cellular metabolism is emerging as a hallmark of cancer and has been shown to support several steps along the pathway of cancer development. Elevated lipogenesis may provide one avenue for fulfilling the demand of cancers for increased genesis of membranes during unrestrained growth. Indeed, inhibition of fatty acid synthase  has been shown to trigger ER stress in tumor cells, while FASN inhibitors, such as orlistat and C75, have been found to produce antitumor effects in a variety of cancers, including ovarian cancers  .
Oxysterols are hydroxylated derivatives of cholesterol that play important functions in lipid metabolism and, as signaling active and mutagenic compounds, received considerable attention in tumor biology . Excess brain cholesterol is hydroxylated mainly to 24S hydroxycholesterol  and secreted via the bloodbrain barrier into the circulation . CH25H is inducible by interferons  and 25 OHC concentrations are elevated in humans exposed to endotoxin treatment .
The endotoxin, Lipopolysaccharide , is a major component of the outer cell wall of Gram negative bacteria and is a potent inducer of inflammation. Phosphorylation and degradation of IRAK1 induces ubiquitination of TRAF6 and releases the adaptor protein complex into the cytoplasm, resulting in activation of downstream kinases such as TAK1, IKK and JNK . In the TGF β signaling pathway, TAK1 deletion leads to impaired NF κB and C Jun N terminal kinase  activation without impacting SMAD2 activation or TGF β induced gene expression  .
The processes underlying coronary atherosclerosis and acute myocardial infarction  are complex and multifactorial. Notably, disruption of unstable atheromatous plaques may lead to exposing thrombogenic material to blood under high shear conditions and the formation of coronary thrombosis . Of critical importance, the rupture of a lipid laden, unstable plaque may stimulate thrombus formation in part by activating glycoprotein VI  , a platelet specific collagen receptor from the immunoglobulin superfamily .
Degeneration of the locus coeruleus  appears to precede substantia nigra pars compacta  and hippocampal damage in Parkinson’s disease  and Alzheimer’s disease , respectively . The SNpc and LC are vulnerable to neuroinflammation . Several aspects of early AD can be reproduced by chronic infusion of lipopolysaccharide  into the fourth ventricle of young rats .
The peptide, galanin , is known to have a stimulatory effect on food intake . A variety of evidence from injection studies and measurements of endogenous peptide has linked PVN GAL to dietary fat . Moreover, fat consumption and preference for a fat rich diet is reduced by PVN injection of a GAL antagonist or antisense oligonucleotide to GAL mRNA that reduces GAL peptide levels .
Ovarian cancer is the leading cause of death from gynecological malignancy and is the fourth most frequent cause of death from cancer in women  mostly because of its late clinical manifestations and absence of screening methods for early detection. There is evidence from experimental  and epidemiological studies  for a role of exogenous and endogenous estrogen in ovarian carcinogenesis. Estrogen effects are mediated by two estrogen receptors, estrogen receptor alpha  and estrogen receptor beta , which belong to a family of nuclear receptors and act as ligand dependent transcription factors .
Colorectal cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in the U.S. Regular CRC screening  is recommended beginning at age 50 for average risk adults. , Despite the availability of multiple tests for the early detection and prevention of CRC,  screening rates are less than optimal.
Musculoskeletal foot disorders are common among older adults, with estimates suggesting that more than 60% may be affected. The prevalence of these disorders has been shown to vary by race,  and obesity,, , ,  with Caucasians more likely to have Tailor’s bunions than African Americans; among the non obese, African Americans are more likely to present with hallux valgus, hammer toes, and overlapping toes than Caucasians; among obese persons, a potentially lower prevalence of hallux valgus may occur compared to non obese persons. Foot disorders are associated with foot symptoms, impaired balance and fall risk, and disability,, , , ,  but their etiology is not well understood.
Carcinogenesis is a multiple step process involving the accumulation of multiple genetic and epigenetic changes that allows the clonal selection of progeny with growth and survival advantages . In contrast, TSGs have tumor inhibitory functions that need to be inactivated for tumor growth. Inactivation of TSGs in human tumors is usually achieved through either the combination of one genetic change mainly chromosomal deletion, with another genetic or epigenetic change such as promoter methylation that silences gene transcription, or through epigenetic inactivation of both alleles .
KSHV is the etiologic agent of Kaposi’s sarcoma  . Induction of KSHV lytic gene expression occurs via the expression of the replication and transcription activator RTA . They play important roles in various cellular processes, such as cell differentiation, apoptosis and neoplastic transformation .
Antiretroviral combination regimens of dual nucleoside/nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitors  plus either a protease inhibitor  or a non nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor  are preferentially used in treatment naïve human immunodeficiency virus  infected patients to achieve maximum durable anti viral activity. , The newer once daily fixed dose combinations of tenofovir/emtricitabine or lamivudine/abacavir are the preferred choices in industrialized countries because of dosing convenience and lower incidence of short and long term toxicities. , While the pharmacokinetics of efavirenz has been studied in this population because of the concern of drug drug interactions,,  to our knowledge, there are no pharmacokinetic data for the generic NRTIs components in HIV/TB co infected individuals on TB therapy.
The neural ectoderm  forms on the dorsal side of the vertebrate embryo in response to factors secreted from the dorsal blastula center  and the Organizer that inhibit BMP signaling . As a result, several transcription factors  are co expressed in broad overlapping domains in the nascent NE . The transcripts of a third group  are detected in two dorso lateral bands near the blastoporal lip.
Osteoporosis is a prevalent disorder characterized by low bone mineral density , deterioration of bone microarchitecture and increased incidence of fracture; and genetic factors account for 60 80% of total variability in BMD. In osteoblasts, osteonectin promotes commitment, differentiation, and survival. In vivo, osteonectin null and haploinsufficient mice develop low turnover osteopenia, characterized by reduced osteoblast and osteoclast number and surface, and low bone formation rate.
Bacillus anthracis  is a virulent spore producing bacterium. The need to protect the civilian population was heightened by the anthrax mail attacks of 2001. B. anthracis releases three monomeric proteins, lethal factor , edema factor  and protective antigen  .
Red blood cell transfusions are commonly indicated in veterinary medicine. Because of the necessary equipment, trained personnel and specialized handling requirements for safe transfusions, the costs associated with this treatment can be considerable. Ideally, transfusion of red cells should enable personnel to administer blood at a specified rate and volume without causing damage to the cells.
Prior to 1998, 1 bromopropane  was primarily used to manufacture pharmaceuticals, pesticides and other chemicals. In addition, the United States Environmental Protection Agency  is considering 1 BP as a potential substitute for ozone depleting solvents in the non aerosol solvent cleaning sector for general metals and electronics cleaning applications, in spray adhesives and coatings applications, and aerosol propellant and solvent applications , which could potentially enhance the exposure incidence to this chemical . Estimated global sales of 1 BP for solvent and adhesives applications are 4,839, 3,152, and 3,736 metric tons for the years 2000, 2001, and 2002, respectively .
Epstein Barr virus  is a successful pathogen that infects more than 90% of all adults in the world . While adapting to its host EBV has evolved properties that make it particularly interesting to study. It maintains its DNA as a licensed, extra chromosomal replicon.
A favorable cardiovascular disease  risk profile, based on traditional risk factors, is uncommon among adult Americans and is associated with low long term mortality rates and greater longevity. Among middle aged adults, low levels of major CVD risk factors   particularly lower cholesterol and blood pressure  and non use of cigarettes   confer marked reduction in the relative risk of both coronary heart disease  death and all cause mortality, and appear to increase longevity by up to 9 years. Subclinical vascular disease, such as increased carotid intimal medial thickness  and low ankle brachial index , predict future CVD events independently of traditional risk factors.
In species ranging from worms to non human primates, the lifespan of individuals is nearly always assessed in conditions where males and females are kept separate. Yet in the wild, the opposite sexes coexist, at least during attraction and mating. In flies and worms, the presence of males decreases longevity in the opposite sex .
Mitochondrial damage realized through superoxide dependent pathways plays a critical role in radiation injury to cells and tissues . Manganese superoxide dismutase  provides the first line of defense against superoxide overproduced in the mitochondria . Post irradiation generation of reactive oxygen and nitrogen species, likely associated with the formation of peroxynitrite, may lead to inactivation of MnSOD .
The Larmor frequency of a nucleus is affected by a number of factors including its intrinsic quantum energy levels determined by nuclear magnetic moment, chemical shifts caused by electronic shielding and magnetic coupling with the surrounding chemical environment. One important form of coupling is conducted through the induced magnetic dipole moment which is proportional to the susceptibility. This induced magnetic moment will oppose the field for diamagnetic materials and be along the field for paramagnetic materials.
Mouse models have been instrumental in contributing to our understanding of how rare, inherited mutations can cause some human diseases. However, the development of many diseases, including cancer, often involves the interaction of relatively common polymorphisms combined with specific environmental insults. At present it is unclear whether common human genetic variations can be modeled phenotypically in the mouse .
Melanin Concentrating Hormone  is a cyclic neuropeptide produced primarily in the lateral hypothalamus and zona incerta that activates one G protein coupled receptor in rodents, the Melanin Concentrating Hormone 1 receptor  . Studies have strongly indicated that MCH may regulate food intake , anxiety like behavior , depression like behavior , performance in learning and memory behavioral tests , and drug self administration  in rodents. MCH1R is expressed throughout the brain with particularly dense localization in the nucleus accumbens shell, hippocampus, amygdala, locus coeruleus and cerebral cortex  which suggests the receptor is involved in a wide range of physiological functions In 1997 Knigge et al reported that acute central injection of MCH inhibits pentylenetetrazol  induced seizures in both rats and guinea pigs , but this finding has not been further investigated.
Selective estrogen receptor modulators  are widely used in the clinic for the treatment and prevention of breast cancer, osteoporosis, and other indications in postmenopausal women . Formation of o quinones, quinone methides, and di quinone methides has been reported from the oxidative metabolism of SERMs . It is increasingly clear that damage or covalent modification of cellular proteins is related to both toxicity and cytoprotective mechanisms, which impacts the balance between carcinogenesis versus chemoprevention for a variety of small molecules that form electrophilic, reactive intermediates .
Surveillance for hepatocellular carcinoma includes following patients with chronic hepatitis or liver cirrhosis every six to 12 months  and monitoring them with abdominal ultrasonography , serum alpha fetoprotein , and/or the protein induced by vitamin K absences  . Abdominal US has been described as highly user dependent . Although AFP determination is less costly compared to US , it is a non specific marker for HCC, especially among HCV cirrhotic patients.
TMS is a powerful tool that uses the principle of electromagnetic induction to alter neural activity in a localized brain area. The safe, noninvasive nature of this technique allows for study of normal brain function in humans . And because the effects of TMS on brain function and behavior can differ considerably as a function of how it is delivered, it is also a very flexible technique.
Parkinson’s disease  is characterized by progressive loss of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra , striatal dopamine depletion , and motor impairments . Evidence suggests that chronic inflammation , oxidative stress , and mitochondrial impairment  play important roles in PD neurodegeneration. It has been proposed that inflammation may be a driving factor in the progression of PD, especially since PD patients have increased proinflammatory molecules in their Cerebrospinal fluid and brain tissue , and activated microglia are found clustered throughout the SN  .
In 2014, it is estimated melanoma will contribute to 76,100 new cancer diagnoses and 9,710 deaths in the United States . Advanced melanoma presents a significant therapeutic challenge to clinicians. The cytokine interleukin 2  is also used to treat advanced melanoma, however, the response rate is only 6% to 10% and it too is associated with significant toxicities.
Hemoglobinopathies are characterized by oxidant damage due to increased resting oxygen consumption and circulating prooxidative free hemoglobin . In sickle cell disease , Hgb S is unstable and generates free radicals which damage cellular enzymes and membrane lipids . Previous studies have shown high levels of malondialdehyde  and other oxidative biomarkers in the plasma of nontransfused SCD patients .
Obesity is prevalent and can have significant negative impacts on health . In the United States, more than one third of adults are currently considered obese , and obesity contributes to 5 to 15% of deaths each year . Males with lower testosterone levels are 2.4 times more likely to be obese than males with higher testosterone levels .
Antibody producing B cells are divided into B 1 and B 2 cells . In contrast, B 1 cells are T cell independent and produce natural autoantibodies  of the IgM isotype. They are phenotypically IgMhiIgDloCD23− B220lo and are subdivided based on expression of CD5  into B 1a  and B 1b  .
The embryonic vascular network initially forms de novo through the differentiation of ECs from mesodermal precursors and their assembly into a primitive plexus . Failure of this process leads to early embryonic lethality  . The few identified cases of negative regulation of EC function, however, have suggested that inhibition of vascular formation is essential for development and homeostasis.
Organophosphate  pesticides represent nearly half of worldwide insecticide use  but are undergoing increased scrutiny because of their propensity to elicit developmental neurotoxicity at levels that are below the threshold for acute signs of exposure, and even doses lower than those required for cholinesterase inhibition, the mechanism that is typically used for biomonitoring . Although the systemic toxicity and signs of OP intoxication reflect their shared ability to inhibit cholinesterase , other important mechanisms of toxicity clearly exist. Chief among these is the pathway that generates cyclic AMP, a critical second messenger that mediates numerous neurotransmitter and hormonal receptor signals; these are linked to the generation of cyclic AMP through G proteins that regulate adenylyl cyclase , the enzyme that synthesizes cyclic AMP from ATP .
Tobacco use remains the leading preventable cause of death in the US and globally. Between 2000 and 2011, the consumption of cigarettes in the U.S. decreased 33%. Approximately 3% of U.S. adolescents reported they were currently using and ~8% reported having ever used hookahs.
The expanding obesity epidemic in the United States has negative repercussions for the reproductive health of both men and women. Obese women have higher in vitro fertilization cycle cancellation rates, despite administration of more exogenous gonadotropin. We recently reported longer and more irregular menstrual cycles, and decreased urinary LH, FSH, estrogen metabolite and luteal progesterone metabolite excretion among overweight women in a large cohort of ovulatory women aged 4355.
The dystrophin glycoprotein complex  is a transmembrane molecular bridge that links cytoskeletal F actin with the extracellular matrix protein laminin 2 and localizes many signaling proteins within muscle cells, including vascular smooth muscle. Genetic defects that compromise the DGC have been implicated in muscular dystrophies   progressive muscle disorders characterized by skeletal muscle weakness and wasting that affect approximately 250,000 people in the United States alone. Whereas defects of the DGC are well studied in skeletal muscle, less is known about the role of this complex in vascular smooth muscle.
In Xenopus, the endoderm is derived from the vegetal hemisphere, and much is now understood about how the endodermal germ layer is formed and how regional specification of the endoderm is regulated . Although much is known about cell cycle regulation during early Xenopus development, how differentiation is coupled to the cell cycle at tail bud and tadpole stages is unknown . One family of RNA binding proteins implicated in the control of cell differentiation and proliferation during embryonic development is the Bruno family .
Melatonin, an indoleamine neurohormone produced and released by the pineal gland, is an important regulator of vertebrate circadian rhythms and seasonal processes . Reproductive behaviors can be induced in pinealectomized hamsters if given melatonin infusions mimicking longer days of spring . Similarly, pinealectomized sheep, short day breeders, can be reproductively induced if given melatonin infusions mimicking shorter days .
The growing literature on coparenting  represents an effort on the part of family researchers to operationalize and study evolving whole family dynamics. Coparenting refers to the transactions occurring between two adults as they work together to rear a child or children for whom they share responsibility. The coparenting construct may be viewed as a specific form of triadic  or higher level family process, in that all the interactions it comprises pertain to the partners’ child and their shared connection to that child.
Little has been published about the ano genital injury related to consensual sexual intercourse. Others have studied genital injury as a naturally occurring event in samples of healthy women. , had the largest sample  of sexually active women.
Trunk instability may be one of the primary contributing factors to loss of upper extremity function and predisposition to injury or other chronic health problems after cervical SCI. Trunk instability can also limit the ability to perform essential transfers, propel a manual wheelchair, reach and manipulate objects in space, and resist disturbances to prevent falls. Furthermore, basic bed mobility, long sitting and independent self care tasks such as dressing are prohibitively difficult or impossible without voluntary control of the trunk and hip muscles.
Defects in valvuloseptal morphogenesis are among the most common and serious of all congenital heart defects . About one fourth of patients with congenital heart disease have structural anomalies of one or more heart valves . Bone morphogenetic protein  is a member of the transforming growth factor  superfamily proteins.
PED, known also as PED/PEA 15, is a Death Effector Domain  family member of 15 kDa having a variety of effects on cell growth and metabolism . Inhibition of the extrinsic pathway is accomplished through its DED, which likely acts as a competitive inhibitor for pro apoptotic molecules during the assembly of the death inducing signaling complex  . PED is present in the cells in either an unphosphorylated or a phosphorylated form.
Programs to prevent mother to child HIV 1 transmission  have averted thousands of new HIV 1 infections worldwide. Present rates of vertical transmission in women with sustained access to triple drug antiretroviral therapy , perinatal zidovudine treatment, elective C sections, and alternatives to breast feeding are extremely low. Even a simplified approach based on the intrapartum and neonatal administration of a single dose of nevirapine with or without zidovudine, lamivudine or tenofovir has reduced MTCT in resource poor areas.
The disablement process represents a distinct phase in the life of many elderly persons. Functional limitation is associated with loss of independence and with increased need for both formal and informal care . Unlike countries in Western Europe and North America,, most developing countries, particularly those in sub Sahara Africa, do not have estimates on which to base policy on aging even though the populations of their elderly persons  are growing rapidly  .
Interstitial Cystitis/Bladder Pain Syndrome  is a debilitating chronic condition associated with urinary symptoms including urgency, frequency, nocturia and pelvic pain. Berry and co authors report the prevalence of IC/BPS at between 3 and 8 million women in the United States . Few patients achieve long term remission of symptoms despite a range of treatments .
Statins are agents with potent cholesterol reducing properties, resulting from their abilities to block HMG CoA reductase activity and to inhibit mevalonate synthesis . There is extensive evidence that the introduction of statins in the management and prevention of atherosclerosis had a dramatic impact in the current practice of clinical medicine and has changed the natural history of coronary artery disease in humans . An area where the ability of statins to promote antitumor responses was recently directly examined is the treatment of acute myelogenous leukemia , in adults .
Observation of spontaneous antitumoral T cell response in melanoma patients led to the identification of tumor associated antigens . Drugs that target these antigens are becoming a first line treatment for some cancer types . Rituximab, a monoclonal antibody that binds CD20 and promotes destruction of non Hodgkin’s lymphoma B cells via ADCC represents a success in passive immunotherapy .
The development and progression of cancer are the result of sequential genetic and biological events, including loss of tumor suppressor genes and gain of function in proto oncogenes. In regulating this broad genetic program, NF κB transcription factors are assembled through dimerization of five subunits: RelA, p50, p52, c Rel and RelB. Each dimer is bound in the cytoplasm by an inhibitor κB , which prevents its nuclear translocation .
Aromatase inhibitors  such as letrozole and anastrozole that reduce estrogen production have now been shown to be more effective than antiestrogen  tamoxifen in estrogen receptor positive  breast cancer patients and have few side effects. Nevertheless, not all patients respond and resistance to treatment may eventually occur in others. We have previously reported that during treatment with letrozole, MCF 7Ca xenografts up regulate Her 2 and proteins in the downstream MAPK signaling pathway .
Hypoxia is a common etiology of cell injury in human disease, including stroke, myocardial infarction, and solid tumors. HIF consists of two subunits, HIF 1α and HIF 1β; HIF 1α is rapidly degraded under normoxic conditions, whereas HIF 1β is stable . HIF levels are regulated primarily by posttranslational modification of conserved proline residues.
Growth and development of the long bones of the skeleton is a complex, multi step, precisely timed and spatially organized process regulated by several genetic, endocrine and mechanical programs. During limb formation, mesenchymal cells migrate to establish areas of high cell density in a condensation process; at this stage the position, number and shape of the future skeletal elements is determined. Closest to the epiphyseal end of the GP are resting chondrocytes, which are metabolically less active.
Many biological functions of proteins are related to their large scale domain motions. Another evidence of successfulness of the elastic network approach to protein nucleic acid systems comes from the application of the GNM to HIV 1 reverse transcriptase . studied recently 64 oligonucleotides and oligonucleotide protein complexes, and represented each nucleotide by three GNM nodes with uniform interaction cut offs defining contacts for all components of the complexes, and achieved a very good agreement between the values of computed fluctuations and the experimental B factors .
In mammalian retina, cones—the photoreceptors that mediate daylight vision—signal to ganglion cells  through ~12 types of cone bipolar  cells . ON CBs and OFF CBs are depolarized by increments and decrements in light intensity, and contact ON and OFF GCs, respectively. By contrast, rods—the photoreceptors that mediate night vision—signal to GCs by three distinct pathways, all of which “piggyback” on the cone circuitry  .
Satellite cells are tissue specific stem cells that are responsible for skeletal muscle growth and repair. Indeed, until recently, satellite cells were widely believed to derive from the fetal myoblast pool, becoming anatomically and functionally partitioned during late fetal development in the chick and mouse . Recent data, however, suggest that satellite cells derive from a more primitive progenitor population that expresses the paired box transcription factors, Pax3 and Pax7, but not the MRFs , regulators of myogenic commitment and differentiation that function downstream of Pax3 and Pax7 in the trunk and limbs .
Loss of function mutations of the Phosphatase and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10  tumor suppressor gene occur in 545% of human cancers , with reduced PTEN protein found in 3148% of breast cancers . Although endocrine therapies designed to block estrogen action  have changed the natural history of hormone dependent breast cancer, many tumors exhibit de novo or acquired therapeutic resistance. Crosstalk between receptor tyrosine kinase  and ER signaling promotes resistance to endocrine therapy .
Microtubules are involved in many cellular functions, including mitosis, intracellular transport, determination of cell morphology, and differentiation ; ). Tubulin, the subunit protein of microtubules, is an α/β heterodimer, with both α  and β tubulin existing as multiple isotypes, differing from each other in amino acid sequence and tissue distribution. In mammals, there are seven well established β tubulin isotypes, referred to as βI, βII, βIII, βIVa, βIVb, βV, and βVI .
Aberrant DNA methylation occurs in nearly all tumor types and likely plays a causal role in carcinogenesis . Additionally, the changes in DNA methylation that occur during tumorigenesis are stable and may be further propagated within an individual tumor in vivo as well as in cell lines derived from these tumors . Recent studies have shown that the number of differentially methylated regions in an individual tumor is estimated to be in the hundreds or low thousands  .
Clarification of the molecular pathophysiology of psychosis based on disordered dopaminergic and glutamatergic neurotransmissions  is a current research priority for a significant number of biomedical scientists, since dopamine stimulants amphetamine  and methamphetamine  and the N methyl D aspartate  receptor antagonists ketamine  and phencyclidine  are known to evoke psychotic manifestations resembling those of schizophrenia. The vast majority of efficacious antipsychotics are also aimed at blockage of central dopamine D2 receptors . Another avenue toward antipsychotic modulation of neurotransmissions has also been offered by a selective agonist for metabotropic glutamate  2/3 receptors .
Appl proteins are membrane bound adaptors that interact with many signaling molecules involved in a variety of signal transduction pathways. Appl proteins contain an N terminal Bar domain, a PH domain, and a C terminal PTB domain . Appl1 was first discovered as a binding partner of Akt and the p110 subunit of PI3 kinase  .
Loss of muscle strength and increasing mobility impairment are common with age and are associated with significant morbidity and mortality . Thus efforts to intervene and modify the course of age related motor decline are a growing public health concern in our aging population. Physical activity is well known to have beneficial effects on mobility, and it is widely thought that one of the ways which physical activity may benefit mobility in the elderly is through its effects on lower extremity muscle structure and function.
Clinicians often assume that observations of pain behavior are adequate for assessment of patient pain perception during procedures. This has not been tested during a standardized electrodiagnostic experience . During a prospective trial including extensive, standardized electrodiagnostic testing on persons with lumbar stenosis, vascular claudication, and asymptomatic volunteers, the subjects and an observer rated levels of pain .
Glucocorticoids are used extensively to treat diverse diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, asthma, and lymphoid malignancies, and as antiemetic, anti inflammatory, and anticancer agents. There is increasing concern regarding the long term complications of glucocorticoids, such as osteonecrosis. These agents cause hyperlipidemia, hypercoagulation, and hypofibrinolysis in the circulatory system.
APP is an integral type I membrane protein highly expressed in the central nervous system . Genetic and biochemical studies have established pivotal roles of APP in Alzheimer’s disease . APP mutation and gene duplication are causal for a subset of early onset familial Alzheimer’s disease  cases .
Although voluntary coughing is a basic human respiratory behavior, its functional neuroanatomical correlates have rarely been investigated . One reason for this may be that overt coughing results in head movements, which is problematic for brain imaging methods such as functional magnetic resonance imaging . An alternative approach is to use motor imagery , i.e. the internal simulation without overt movement , of voluntary coughing.
Determining daily energy requirements to help guide weight control involves all components of Total Energy Expenditure : Resting Energy Expenditure , Physical Activity Energy Expenditure , and the Thermogenic Effect of Food . These equations consider factors such as weight, height, age, and gender. The predicted REE is then multiplied by a PA coefficient for an estimate of TEE .
Urinary bladder cancer is an important health concern in developed countries, particularly for men, among whom incidence is 35 times greater than in women . In the United States, bladder cancer is the fourth most common cancer diagnosed among men, and the eighth leading cause of cancer death . Vitamin D is one nutritional factor that is thought to protect against cancer at many sites .
Obesity is now considered epidemic in the U.S.  Its prevalence has increased among most racial and ethnic groups, but an excess of obesity among Black women has been apparent for several decades. , National data from 20032004 indicate that 81.6% of Black women age 20 and older were overweight or obese, which may contribute to the marked health disparities between Black and White women. Diet may contribute to an increased prevalence of obesity and chronic diseases in Black Americans.
Necrotizing enterocolitis  is an acquired gastrointestinal disease which primarily affects premature babies. It is the most common gastrointestinal emergency in the newborn and may lead to death in severely affected infants. The incidence is 13 per 1,000 live births, occurring in 10% of infants born under 1500 grams and representing 25% of NICU admissions .
Diabetes is a rapidly growing global health problem  and peripheral neuropathy is the most common complication of diabetes, affecting up to 60% of long standing diabetic patients . Previously, our group has shown that experimental DN is characterized by reduced blood flow in the nerves and destruction of vasa nervorum. Administration of neurotrophic factors, such as nerve growth factor  , insulin like growth factor  1 and IGF 2 , ciliary neurotrophic factor , or glial cell linederived neurotrophic factor , is known to ameliorate DN in animal models.
Bacterial conjugation is the direct transfer of genetic material between bacterial cells through temporary cell to cell contact. It is not only an important mechanism in the evolution of bacteria but is also one of major causes of antibiotics resistance. Bacteria acquire resistance to antibiotics by the conjugative transfer of plasmids or transposable elements .
The nucleus tractus solitarii  plays an important role in central regulation of cardiovascular, digestive, gustatory, and respiratory functions . Many potential neurotransmitters are present in the NTS, and some of them are implicated in modulating these functions . For example, injection of adenovirus vector  encoding endothelial nitric oxide synthase  into the NTS to increase production of nitric oxide  decreased heart rate and blood pressure .
Proteins are neither rigid bodies nor they act like nuts and bolts to execute their biological functions. In what has come to be known as allostery, proteins have evolved to become highly flexible molecules in a manner akin to the very living bodies that they energize. Fast forward to more than half a century later and our understanding of such allosteric binding of ligands to proteins remains largely elusive and, in particular, continues to be under appreciated.
Infections have long been known to complicate care in patients following traumatic injury frequently leading to excess morbidity and mortality., In no setting is this more well recognized than the challenging environment of combat casualty care. During the current military conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, Operations Iraqi and Enduring Freedom , major advances resulting in increased survival among wounded personnel have been observed. These include enhanced training of medics, forward deployment of surgical assets, rapid medical evacuation, and improvements in body armor.
Children and adolescents with systemic lupus erythemetosus  frequently develop lupus nephritis , with approximately 50% showing evidence of kidney involvement. Severity of juvenile LN is in large part determined by histology found on kidney biopsy, as graded by the International Society of Nephrology/Renal Pathology Society  classification. Treatment of proliferative LN with conventional first line immunosuppressive agents such as cyclophosphamide  or mycophenolate  is not effective for a significant percentage of patients with juvenile SLE, with reported failure rates for induction treatment ranging from 10% to 43%., This study is the first comparison of response rates for M+PLN versus PLN in juvenile LN.
In 2009 in the United States approximately 66,000 newly diagnosed cases and 19,500 deaths from NHL are expected. Few risk factors for NHL have been identified to explain the increase in NHL incidence since the 1970s. The literature on risk of NHL and environmental exposures, including viral, chemical, lifestyle and occupational, has identified few etiologic factors with no occupational exposures, including solvents, have been conclusively established as causal factors.
Notch is a major metazoan signaling pathway and key regulator of retinal neurogenesis . The Notch pathway transmits multiple types of signals. The most well studied of these, lateral inhibition, occurs when an equivalent group of cells initially express ligand and receptor uniformly, until one cell stochastically begins to express more ligand, making it the signaling cell.
The dopaminergic  D3R is classified as a member of the D2 like family of dopamine receptors based on its close sequence homology to the DA D2R . Moreover, the relative selectivity of various putative D3R ligands can vary substantially from one study to the next, and depend on features of the assays, including especially the radiolabel used  . Most of the earlier reports on the effects of DA agonists on locomotor activity in mice indicate only dose related decreases  .
Long chain omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids  such as EPA and DHA have been shown to possess beneficial health effects, and it is believed that many of their effects are mediated by their oxygenated products . Recently, we have shown that serum levels of several hydroxy, epoxy, and dihydroxy FAs are dependent on the individual status of the parent FAs in a cohort of normo  and hyperlipidemic subjects. So far, the effect of an increased dietary LC n 3 PUFA intake on hydroxy, epoxy, and dihydroxy FA levels has not been investigated in subjects with mild combined hyperlipidemia .
ENaC is the rate limiting step for Na+ absorption in the airways. The importance of appropriately regulated ENaC activity is illustrated by the pathogenesis that results when this channel fails to function correctly. In contrast, as ENaC is downregulated in the monogenic disorder, pseudohypoaldosteronism, it leads to an abundance of airway surface liquid and mucus transport rates that are significantly increased above normal levels.
Encouraging sustained highly active antiretroviral therapy  adherence has inspired a multitude of behavioral and cognitive interventions that have relied heavily on the transtheoretical model  as a framework. Interventions that focus on the TTM, specifically how processes of change can be cultivated and/or manipulated to produce movement along the stages of the change cycle, have been very effective to understanding further what motivates a person to change and sustain that change . Individuals with inadequate perceptions of self are presumed to be drinking to cope with the “inner emptiness” they may struggle with.
Carcinoma of the Prostate  is the most commonly diagnosed cancer and the second leading cause of cancer related death in American males with 238,590 new cases and 29,720 deaths from prostate cancer expected in the United States in 2013. Current therapies  while successful for treating localized prostate cancer are of limited efficacy against metastatic disease . Androgen deprivation therapy produces objective responses; however, responses are temporary and the disease eventually progresses to hormone refractory disease .
IL6 is a pleiotropic pro inflammatory and immunomodulatory cytokine secreted by airway epithelial cells, alveolar macrophages, adipocytes and myocytes as well as other tissues and cells. , The potential importance of IL6 in the pathogenesis of COPD is suggested by studies showing that high levels of serum or sputum IL6 are associated with impaired lung function or a faster decline in lung function. , CRP has been associated with lung function levels in healthy individuals and/or lung function decline in smoking induced COPD.
Lung cancer is the leading cancer related cause of death in the United States, with non small cell lung cancers  accounting for 90% of all lung derived tumors . The causative factor of HHM is parathyroid hormone related protein , which was first purified from a human lung SCC . SCCs of the lung and other sites produce very high levels of PTHrP in part due to the transcriptional activity of the P1 promoter, which is not activated in most other cancer cell types that express PTHrP .
Dysregulation of translation initiation is frequent in malignancy . The cap binding protein eIF4E is a rate limiting component of the translation initiation complex eIF4F . When constitutively activated, eIF4E confers cells with cancer hallmark capabilities .
The development of a typical polarized neuron, composed of one long axon and several branching dendrites, requires the action of two interrelated processes, neurite outgrowth and specification of the axon. The initial signals and pathways that determine polarity are beginning to be understood. A particularly early event, in neurons that do not yet exhibit a discernible axon , is the segregation of activatable IGF 1 receptors in one neurite.
There is substantial evidence that stresses inducing maladaptive cardiac growth  modify sarcomeric response to Ca2+ by mechanisms involving the protein kinase C  signaling cascade. Pseudo phosphorylation of these sites has also been reported to stabilize an inactive state of actin . In the case of S43/S45, we  reported that mice with hearts expressing a mutant cTnI had enhanced contractility.
Neuregulin 1  is a pleiotropic growth factor of the epidermal growth factor family. It has been investigated extensively with regard to its roles in neuronal and glial development . Most of these studies have focused on the peripheral nervous system, and on early developmental events, but more recently its roles in the brain, and in ongoing aspects of plasticity and function, have come under scrutiny.
Interleukin 7  has a wide range of biological activities including a critical role in T cell development, as well as roles in hematopoiesis and in post developmental immune functions . Unlike in the mouse, IL 7 is not required for human B cell development. IL 7 plays a critical and non redundant role in maintaining peripheral T cell homeostasis and is considered a prototypic homeostatic cytokine.
Current approaches to antineoplastic gene therapy have been hampered by suboptimal delivery of therapeutic genes to tumor tissues, as well as inadequate strength, specificity and duration of expression. A potential source of such elements is growth factor genes, which are often overexpressed in human cancers. The PDGF family of ligands consist of four subunits, PDGF A, PDGF B, PDGF C and PDGF D, which dimerize via disulfide linkages to form the homodimers PDGF AA, PDGF BB, PDGF CC and PDGF DD and the heterodimer PDGF AB.
Older persons with multiple chronic conditions are at substantial risk for unintended adverse outcomes, such as medication adverse events. Less severe adverse events are commonly referred to as “side effects,” implying that they are secondary to disease specific benefits. However, patients consider these adverse events to be important outcomes in their own right.
Arachidonic acid  is metabolized by cytochrome P450  enzymes to 20 hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid  and epoxyeicosatrienoic acids  in the heart, brain, lung, kidney and peripheral blood vessels . Moreover, exogenous administration of 20 HETE increases I/R induced cardiac injury, whereas inhibition of the formation of 20 HETE is cardio protective . Previous studies have indicated that the degree of ischaemic injury and cardiac dysfunction is markedly enhanced in hearts of diabetic animals and there is evidence that the expression of CYP450 enzymes and the production of 20 HETE is elevated at least in the liver and kidney of diabetic animals .
If a caregiver does not have access to a refrigerator, the South African National Department of Health advises that stavudine adult capsule formulations be employed using the off label ‘opened capsule’ dosing method. The accuracy of this dosing method has not previously been validated . We evaluated 10 Zerit , 5 Stavudine , and 5 Stavir  capsules.
Hypoxia ischemia  brain injury of the immature brain causes motor, learning and mental disabilities in surviving children,. Currently, there is an insufficient understanding of the pathogenic H I mechanisms in the fetal brain . There are many similarities between dystonia and hypertonia in children resulting from H I and those from tetrahydrobiopterin  deficiency.
Choline is important for the structural integrity of cell membranes, methyl metabolism, cholinergic neurotransmission, transmembrane signaling, and lipid and cholesterol transport and metabolism, because it is a precursor for acetylcholine, phospholipids, and the methyl donor betaine . Like folate, once choline is oxidized to betaine, it can provide one carbon units in the conversion of homocysteine to methionine, generating S adenosylmethionine , the universal methyl donor  . Despite the role of choline and betaine as methyl donors in the one carbon metabolism, few studies have examined the associations between choline or betaine intake and cancer risk , partly due to lack of choline and betaine food composition tables until recently .
The zinc finger protein KLF4/GKLF functions as a transcription factor to regulate cell fate and differentiation. KLF4 transcripts and protein are increased in human tumors including SCC of the oropharynx, breast cancer and cutaneous SCC. ,,, RARs  function in concert with RXRs  as ligand dependent, heterodimeric transcription factors.
Experience shapes neural circuitry during developmental critical periods . Thus, cognitive ability is weakened enduringly by adverse environments , motor maps reflect early musical training , native speech sounds sculpt phonemic perception , and sight strengthens the acuity and connectivity of the two eyes in the primary visual cortex. Imbalanced input  during this period results in a permanent loss of vision for that eye , a pathological condition known as amblyopia affecting 2 4% of the human population.
Several lines of research suggest that brain derived neurotrophic factor  is linked to neurobiological and behavioral changes associated with depression . Further, circulating levels of BDNF are reported to be lower in depressed patients compared to controls  and increase significantly with antidepressant treatment . These findings support the neurotrophic hypothesis of depression , and the view that peripheral BDNF concentration is a biomarker for depressive states and recovery  .
Myocardial ischemic injury is attenuated in hearts subjected to brief bouts of ischemia before the onset of sustained ischemia . Both early and delayed phases of ischemic PC have been described. The early phase occurs immediately after the PC stimulus but disappears within 12 h. The protective effects of early PC have been attributed to post translational modification of proteins, particularly kinase mediated protein phosphorylation events.
Granulocyte colony stimulating factor  is a hormone like glycoprotein that regulates haematopoietic cell proliferation and differentiation, and activates cells from the neutrophilic granulocyte lineage. Bacterial endotoxins, or secondary mediators induced during infections, like tumour necrosis factor α , interleukin  1, and interferon γ , are major stimulators of G CSF production in vivo. G CSF mediated biological actions are mediated by binding to a specific cell surface receptor, G CSFR, which is found on hematopoietic and non hematopoietic cells, including myeloid progenitor cells, mature neutrophils, platelets, monocytes, endothelial cells  and adult mouse cardiomyocytes.
Cochlear implants  rely on the tonotopic organization of the cochlea to provide frequency information. The frequency range covered by standard FATs starts at frequencies as low as 100350 Hz, but there is evidence that some models of cochlear implant electrodes do not reach that cochlear regions that correspond to these frequencies in a normal ear. The result is a frequency mismatch to which postlingually deaf CI users must adapt .
Apomixis, a mode of reproduction via asexually formed seed , has often been thought to be advantageous for colonization because of the potential for uniparental reproduction . Baker's law more generally invokes the importance of reproductive assurance in selecting for self fertilization. In autotetraploids, deleterious mutations expressed in homozygotes are more efficiently purged by selection, and inbreeding depression is in general lower than in diploids for a given selfing rate .
The transition to parenthood is one of the most crucial periods in family life. Despite this research, programs that address multiple aspects of the transition process  covering effective parenting and co parenting strategies as well as childrearing skills  are not widely available. But fewer programs are available to assist with broader familial issues in the context of early parenthood.
The programmed death 1  receptor and its ligands, PD L1  and PD L2  have been recently characterized . PD 1 is induced on peripheral T cells, B cells and myeloid cells upon activation. The suppressive activity of B7 H1 in alloimmune responses has also been demonstrated using the model of fully MHC mismatched cardiac allografts in which blockade of PD 1/B7 H1 pathway resulted in the accelerated rejection in CD28 and B7 1/B7 2 double deficient recipients .
Necrosis may be the most common mode of neuronal death in many diseases including stroke, trauma and seizures, but it has received far less investigative attention than apoptosis . In primary cultures or isolated preparations, mild and/or brief exposure to an excitotoxic insult may induce neuronal death that has features of apoptosis . However, these experimental parameters do not mimic pathological conditions associated with severe and prolonged excitotoxic insults.
Claudication is a symptom of peripheral arterial disease , and is associated with elevated rates of mortality  and morbidity. Claudication afflicts 5% of the US population older than 55 years of age and occurs during ambulation when the peripheral circulation is inadequate to meet the metabolic requirement of the active leg musculature. Thus, intermittent claudication impairs ambulation, and reduces daily physical activity.
Mathematical models of sexually transmitted infections  serve a number of purposes. However, the results of mathematical models can only be accepted as an adequate approximation to reality if their key assumptions are supported by empirical data. However, this only partially resolves the problem of parameter uncertainty, as there will usually be many different combinations of parameters that give a similar degree of correspondence to observed prevalence, and these different parameter combinations  although they might be considered equally plausible a priori  do not necessarily produce the same conclusions for users of the model outputs.
From birth, children are surrounded by information that communicates the beliefs and behaviors that are considered appropriate for each gender group. In fact, recent research suggests that even before 30 months of age, some children understand concrete gender stereotypes, such as toys associated with girls and boys . Our understanding of the developmental course of gender stereotype knowledge is generally drawn from studies that have asked children to verbally match or sort pictures of items into gender categories .
Parkinson’s disease  is a progressive neurological disorder characterized by abnormal posture, bradykinesia, rigidity, akinesia and resting tremor. Although the vast majority of affected patients have no clear causative factors, both genetic and environmental influences have been implicated . Several epidemiological studies  have shown an association between pesticide exposure and increased risk of developing PD.
Cyclooxygenases  catalyze the rate limiting step in the production of prostaglandins  from arachnoic acid. COX 1 is a constitutively active housekeeping enzyme expressed at low levels in most tissues and acts as a housekeeping regulator of gastric and renal homeostasis . COX 2 expression is intricately regulated through multiple signaling pathways.
Viruses of the order Mononegavirales include diverse human, animal and plant pathogens that share structurally similar nonsegmented, negative strand RNA genomes with similar strategies for viral RNA genome replication, transcription and posttranscriptional modifications of viral mRNAs . Currently, there is no structural data available for the entire L or any region of L. However, site directed mutagenesis and computational analyses support the multifunctional nature of the L protein as targeted amino acid substitutions in the different L domains were able to inactivate individual functions of viral polymerase  . These predictions were experimentally confirmed by several studies with the VSV L protein leading to the identification of the amino acid residues important for cap methylation within domain VI .
Systemic lupus erythematosus  is a chronic autoimmune disease that is characterized by the production of antinuclear antibodies directed against a variety of autoantigens. The disease can involve multiple organs and organ systems, including the kidneys, skin, and blood elements. The development of SLE is influenced by many factors, as genetic, environmental, and hormonal contributions have been well documented .
The danger of cancer is organ failure caused by metastatic tumors that are derived from the primary tumor . Understanding this step may lead to new therapeutic concepts for tumor metastasis targeting tumor cell arrest and adhesion in the microcirculation. In vitro static adhesion assays have been utilized to investigate tumor cell adhesion to endothelial cells  and to extracellular matrix  proteins .
HIV infected persons are experiencing increasing life spans since the era of highly active antiretroviral therapy , . As the risk of fatal opportunistic infections and other AIDS defining events have decreased, other causes of morbidity and mortality among HIV patients have emerged  . HIV patients may be at particular risk of thromboses by several mechanisms.
Metal and nucleic acid interaction has been a fascinating field of study with potential for advancement of both basic coordination chemistry and structural biology, and practical biotechnological and pharmaceutical applications. More interestingly, although divalent metal ions are the most efficient co factors for catalysis in nucleic acid enzymes, recent studies suggest that the naturally occurring ribozymes such as the hairpin, hammerhead,,, Hepatitis Delta Virus ,, Varkud Satellite , and glmS ribozymes as well as some in vitro selected ribozymes and DNAzymes can promote catalysis in the presence of monovalent ions, such as Li+, Na+, and K+. These findings have been usually interpreted to mean that these ribozymes require metal ions mainly for electrostatic or structural stabilization, while for chemical catalysis, their role is minimal or absent, even though the conditions of the study are far from physiological conditions .
Infection of Escherichia coli by bacteriophage T7 has been extensively studied . After adsorption, about 2% of the T7 genome enters the infected cell by an apparently enzymatic process catalyzed by the virion proteins gp15 and gp16. ; The A0  promoter is in the reverse orientation to all T7 genes and its function is unknown.
More than two thirds of the global population is proficient in more than one language, yet we do not understand how the brain organizes and processes multiple lexicons. Before ~200 ms, the information is encoded as words in a particular language in an extended network of regions that receive modulated input from an area of left ventral occipitotemporal cortex  centered on the fusiform gyrus . Do bilinguals recruit the same left lateralized network for visual word processing?
ANF RGC is the prototype mammalian membrane guanylate cyclase  whose discovery demonstrated that the membrane guanylate cyclases belong to the surface receptor family, ANF RGC being the receptor of ANF and BNP . CNP RGC is the receptor of C type natriuretic peptide  and STa RGC, the receptor of enterotoxin, guanylin and uroguanylin. In their functional forms, they are all homo dimeric.
The peroxisome proliferator activator receptors are ligand activated nuclear receptors that include PPARα, PPARγ and PPARδ . This differentiation function of PPARγ is antagonized in cultured cells and in vivo by endogenous levels of cyclin D1 . In studies of NMU induced mammary tumorigenesis in rats, PPARγ ligands prevented tumor initiation  and DMBA induced mammary tumorigenesis was inhibited by a synthetic ligand, troglitazone .
ARF BP1, previously called MULE and HUWE1, is a member of the HECHT type E3 family of ligases and was initially found to have a crucial role in cancer. Subsequent studies showed that it contributed to fine tuning of the balance of mechanisms governing proliferation and apoptosis in neuronal cells. This concept has been reinforced and extended by more recent studies using conditional alleles of ARF BP1 that identified critical roles in novel molecular networks governing cellular homeostasis in pancreatic β cells and B lymphocytes.
Central to adaptive brain function is the ability to recruit appropriate brain regions for the task at hand. Numerous studies have drawn attention to similarities between patterns of task based activation and functional networks detected during rest . The Eriksen Flanker Task is commonly used to probe attention and has well characterized activation patterns .
Human papillomavirus , a sexually transmitted virus, is the central etiologic agent in the development of cervical cancer and precancerous cervical lesions. There are more than 40 types of HPV which commonly infect the cervical epithelium as well as other anogenital tissues. Most cervical HPV infections, however, including those with oncogenic HPV types, resolve spontaneously within two years.
Assessing success of surgery for nasal airway obstruction  can be a challenge. The clinical diagnosis of NAO is based on the patient’s subjective feeling, exam findings, and the surgeon’s assessment. Health related quality of life  measures have become important in all fields of medicine.
Nanoparticles are being investigated for a variety of biomedical applications including imaging, gene transfer, immune system activation, and targeted drug delivery. Addition of a targeting ligand to the surface of a nanoparticle imparts it with specificity for a particular type of cell surface receptor;  however, conjugation of a targeting ligand can also change nanoparticle properties, such as increasing size or decreasing stability., , It also may interfere with other desired surface functionalization. There is interest in developing nanoparticles that bind the cell surface transferrin receptor  overexpressed in cancer cells., Iron containing transferrin, known as holo transferrin , is taken into the cell by a transferrin receptor mediated pathway., , This relied on the well known ability of living systems to extract iron from their environment.
Tissue engineering and gene delivery can be combined to create a controllable microenvironment with structural and biological cues that lead to tissue formation . The pore size and structure of a scaffold can be designed to physically orient and organize cells into complex architectures, such as those observed in the nervous and vascular systems. In spinal cord regeneration, bridges with multiple channels orient the extension of axons across an injury , while gene delivery from the bridges has the potential to induce the localized long term expression of factors that promote neuron survival and neurite outgrowth  .
Peer relationships play an important role in children’s development . Perhaps the most common approach to this issue has been to contrast mutual liking  and group based liking or disliking  . In contrast to an index of dislike by the peer group, which can reflect unilateral forms of antipathy, mutual dislike is a dyadic peer experience in which a child is disliked by another individual, whom the child also reports disliking.
Tuberous sclerosis complex  is an autosomal dominant neurocutaneous syndrome of high penetrance, characterized by a highly variable phenotype and the development of multiple hamartomas at various sites throughout the body . More than 1,500 mutations and more than 800 unique mutations have been identified in TSC1 and TSC2 combined. However, 10 to 15% of TSC patients have no mutation identified , despite a thorough molecular diagnostic assessment, including analysis for large genomic deletions.
African Americans are disproportionately affected by HIV and other sexually transmitted infections . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , African Americans account for approximately half of Chlamydia and syphilis cases and 75 % of Gonorrhea cases . Prevalence of alcohol abuse or disorders is lower among African American women than white women, but consequences have been found to be more severe among African American women  .
The obesity epidemic represents an emerging public health crisis  because obesity promotes the development of various diseases, such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, that greatly increase mortality . Insulin resistance is a key metabolic feature that often precedes the development of type 2 diabetes. Bariatric surgical procedures are currently the most effective approach to achieve long term weight loss  and are traditionally characterized by the primary mechanism of weight loss, namely intestinal malabsorption or gastric restriction .
Selective visual attention reflects a set of operations that enables individuals to differentially process stimuli based on task relevance, thereby conserving capacity limited resources and improving processing efficiency . Such studies often define old age as ranging from 60 to 80 years old. Despite the fact that individuals over the age of 80 constitute the fastest growing segment of the population in many nations , little research has been devoted to the investigation of cognitive processing in this old old group .
Telomerase is a ribonucleoprotein complex  that extends the 3’ ends of linear chromosomes by successive additions of telomere repeats, dTTAGGG in vertebrates. The correlations between telomerase activity, telomere length, aging, cancer, and disease have led to tremendous interest in understanding how telomerase functions . However phylogenetic and mutational analyses revealed that highly conserved secondary structures exist in TER, which in addition to the template are essential for telomerase function.
The objective of the study was to investigate the brain activation associated with reading comprehension and different orthographies in two Japanese writing systems, and in English, a second language. A remarkable characteristic of the Japanese writing systems  is that they present readers with the cognitive challenge of decoding different types of mappings of words to sound and to meaning. In the study, participants read kanji sentences and hiragana sentences, their native language , as well as English sentences, their second language .
Hypothalamic peptide signaling systems play key roles in the control of energy balance. Neuropeptide Y  is a potent hypothalamic orexigenic peptide. Although NPY immunoreactivity is widely distributed throughout the hypothalamus , in situ hybridization histochemistry has revealed that Npy expressing neurons are primarily localized in the arcuate nucleus  and the dorsomedial hypothalamus  .
Nitric oxide  and endothelin 1  are important endothelium derived mediators that regulate the vascular tone. Its primary action is via activation of G protein coupled receptors . ET 1 has been associated with various cardiac , renal , and pulmonary diseases .
Current treatment guidelines suggest that HIV 1 infected patients should receive at least two  fully active agents when constructing a new antiretroviral regimen following treatment failure to achieve maximal virologic suppression . Antiretroviral agents in new drug classes are especially useful because there is no concern about cross resistance resulting from virologic failure to prior regimens, as substantiated by clinical trial results for recently approved agents in new drug classes  . CCR5 antagonists have established virologic activity in patients with HIV 1 strains using CCR5 as the exclusive coreceptor for entry into CD4+ T cells  .
Inflammatory bowel disease  and irritable bowel syndrome  are inadequately treated medical problems. Although IBD is not often lethal, it gives rise to substantial morbidity that is difficult to manage. Anti inflammatory treatment of IBD, moreover, carries risks, such as increased susceptibility to infection and even malignancy.
The Poisson Boltzmann equation  describes the long range and non specific electrostatic interactions of molecules immersed in ionic solutions. The interested reader is referred to recent reviews for a detailed discussion of the various numerical techniques developed to solve the PBE,,. The ACG, which is generated via a recursive subdivision of a cube representing the physical domain, is widely used in other contexts, including mesh generation ,, data search, computational fluid dynamics simulation ,, and fast multipole methods,.
Systemic lupus erythematosus  is an autoimmune disease that primarily affects women of childbearing age. A significant proportion of patients with lupus develop renal disease. Although this manifestation can be the result of earlier unchecked inflammation, alternative mechanisms mediating progressive loss of renal function may be envisioned, and the precise relationship between acute inflammatory and chronic fibrotic nephropathy remains unclear   .
T cell development is an exceptionally favorable system in which to examine the mechanism of differentiation from stem cells in general. It offers the most completely identified sequence of developmental intermediates known for any post embryonic stem cell derivatives. This allows these intermediates to be purified for analysis with minimal interference from irrelevant cell populations.
There is growing concern about the rising prevalence of child and adolescent obesity . Obesity is associated with increased risk of chronic disease, and with excess disability, morbidity, and mortality. Accurate measurement of childhood and adolescent obesity prevalence is an important component of surveillance and prevention efforts.
Plasma osmolality is primarily determined by the plasma sodium concentration. It is held within narrow limits under normal physiological conditions. In hyperosmolality, the body reacts with thirst driven water ingestion and an increased ADH secretion leading to water retention in the kidney., However, even mild hypoosmolality caused by hyponatremia is associated with a poor outcome in chronic heart failure.
The conditioning lesion effect was originally described by  as an increase in the rate of regeneration of fibers in the sciatic nerve following a test lesion, if the nerve had been lesioned several days earlier. This effect was found to hold true for both sensory and motor axons . Subsequently, it was found that a prior lesion in vivo also increased the rate of neurite outgrowth observed in vitro in explants of sensory ganglia and in cultures of dissociated sensory neurons .
Administration of parenteral nutrition  is critical for survival and growth in infants who cannot tolerate enteral feedings. PNALD is the leading indication for multivisceral  transplantation in infants  because current therapies are not effective . The pathogenesis and etiology of PNALD remain poorly understood.
Near infrared spectroscopy  is a non invasive, real time bedside modality sensitive to changes in cerebral perfusion and oxygenation and is highly sensitive to physiological oscillations at different frequencies. However, the clinical feasibility of NIRS remains limited, partly due to concerns regarding NIRS signal quantification, which relies on mostly arbitrary assumptions on hemoglobin concentrations and tissue layers. In this pilot study comparing stroke patients to healthy controls, we explored the utility of the interhemispheric correlation coefficient  during physiological oscillations in detecting asymmetry in hemispheric microvascular hemodynamics .
The prospect to derive functional neurons directly from human fibroblasts has major translational implications for the evolving field of regenerative medicine and potentially very broad applications for pathogenetic studies of various neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental diseases . Various somatic, non neuronal cells from mice and humans have now been reprogrammed into induced neuronal  cells by several groups . Unfortunately, to date the reported efficiencies of iN cell conversion in human fibroblasts have been low.
Striated muscle is formed by two sets of overlapping filaments, the thick myosin containing and the thin actin containing filaments. During contraction the two sets actively slide past each other, shortening the sarcomere. When filaments are activated the heads detach from the backbone and become disordered.
Since 2002 there has been a rapid expansion in access to antiretroviral therapy  in low  and middle income countries. Of particular concern is the absence of gender specific data on ART programmes. Collazos found that women had better clinical and viro immunological responses to ART than men and concluded that gender played a small but significant role in outcomes .
Anthropometry plays an important role in the etiology of hormone related cancers , particularly breast and endometrial cancers . Interestingly in premenopausal women, higher adiposity is associated with a lower risk of breast cancer , possibly because in these women body fat is associated with lower estrogen levels . In a meta analysis of 28 population based studies of ovarian cancer risk, Olsen et al. reported a statistically significant, pooled relative risk  of 1.2 for overweight women  and 1.3 for obese women  compared to women with a normal weight .
More than 20 years ago Dr. A. K. Markov reported that exogenously administered fructose 1,6 bisphosphate  could provide impressive hypoxic ischemic protection. Ischemic neuroprotection from FBP administration was subsequently demonstrated in animal experiments, cell culture studies, as well as in a brain slice study by us. Our previous investigation of FBP neuroprotection used 31P and 1H ex vivo NMR spectroscopy in a horizontal 4.7 Tesla wide bore spectrometer.
The Arrowsmith two node search tool  is designed to assist biomedical investigators in formulating and assessing scientific hypotheses. More generally, it allows users to identify biologically meaningful links between any two sets of articles A and C in PubMed, even when A and C share no articles or authors in common and represent disparate topics or disciplines. This fundamental text mining strategy provides a service that cannot be carried out feasibly via standard PubMed searches.
Monoclonal antibody  based drugs have proven successful in the clinic, with more than 27 now approved by the FDA. Other mAb combinations under investigation include mAbs for influenza , for anthrax , and for cancer  . Despite this, analytical methods to characterize and measure the individual components of the mAb cocktails are required for use in product characterization, for production of clinical material, for pharmacokinetic studies, and for monitoring of drug product stability .
During the last seven years, Americans endured the worst economic downturnsince the great depression. During the great depression, a landmark documentary filmshocked the country by documenting the hunger faced by migrant farmworkers and namedthem the underfed. Food insecurity is defined as“whenever the availability of nutritionally adequate and safe foods or theability to acquire acceptable foods in socially acceptable ways is limited oruncertain.
Early education programs, such as Head Start , were developed for children of low income families to help in providing an enriched learning experience, normally lacking in their socioeconomic circumstance . To explore the impact of enrichment on behavior and neurobiological indices related to learning and motivation , a simple animal model was developed comparing rats living in isolated or normal  conditions to those in comparatively ‘enriched’ conditions . Other impacts of lower socio economic status include drug use  and obesity .
Histone deacetylases  are enzymes that play key regulatory roles in gene expression and cellular differentiation. HDAC functions include the removal of acetyl groups from transcription factors   and signal transduction proteins  , and the acetylation of the molecular chaperone Hsp90  and alpha tubulin . There are eighteen HDAC enzymes in 4 subclasses : classes I, II, and IV are zinc finger metalloproteinase; class III are NAD+ dependent proteins .
Clock drawing tests  are commonly used in the neuropsychological assessment of cognitive functioning and dementias . The CDT has been found to be a useful tool in discriminating between cognitively healthy older adults from those meeting diagnostic criteria for dementia  . A number of studies have provided support for the notion that CDTs are valid and reliable measures of cognitive functioning, demonstrating, for instance, high correlations with other traditional neuropsychological tests of visuospatial processing and global cognition  .
Cocaine addiction, a chronic relapsing disorder, remains a major public health problem in the United States , demonstrating the unmet need for novel treatments for cocaine addiction . Several sources of motivation contribute to the maintenance of cocaine abuse. Further, the reward enhancing actions of cocaine may partially account for its intrinsic rewarding properties and reflect how psychostimulant drugs, including cocaine, increase sensitivity to non drug rewarding environmental stimuli .
The size of organs is controlled by the intricate coordination between cell growth and death . Increasing lines of evidence suggest that the heart is a renewing organ . In Drosophila, hippo , a homologue of human Mst1, also regulates the size of organs, such as eyes and wings , .
The Na+/K+ ATPase transports Na+ and K+ against their concentration gradients across the cell membrane to maintain a low Na+ and high K+ concentration within the cells . These ion gradients determine the resting membrane potential and form the basis of the excitability of neurons. The Na+ gradient also provides the driving force for various secondary active transporters that import glucose, amino acids, and other nutrients into the cell.
Naïve CD8 T cells that encounter antigen  on mature dendritic cells  proliferate, clonally expand, and differentiate to acquire effector functions and altered adhesion migration properties that facilitate trafficking to peripheral tissues . Many of the effector cells then die, but about ten percent persist long term as memory cells that respond rapidly upon re encountering Ag. Instead, a third signal is required that can be provided by either IL 12 or IFNα/β  .
B cell survival and fate determination are strongly dependent upon phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase  signalling . Subsequent activation/inactivation of additional effectors including serum and glucocorticoid inducible kinase , target of rapamycin , protein phosphatase 2A , forkhead box O  and Cyclin D/E mediates diverse biological responses such as survival, proliferation, migration, adhesion and differentiation. PI3K signals are antagonized by two lipid phosphatases: the 3′ inositol phosphatase  and the 5′ inositol phosphatase .
Gene therapy attempts to treat and ultimately cure some of the world's most challenging diseases by addressing the underlying genetic causes. A variety of materials are being considered for non viral gene delivery applications. They are also comparatively cheap and easy to produce .
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in the United States and the major source of debilitation among adults. Obesity is a growing epidemic in the United States and is considered a risk factor for stroke. Cerebral perfusion is regulated through active constrictor and dilator mechanisms and by the physical properties of the cerebral vasculature.
Colorectal cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer related death in the United States when men and women are considered together. The importance of Lynch syndrome identification is reflected in the following Healthy People 2020 provisional objective: “Increase the proportion of persons with newly diagnosed colorectal cancer who receive genetic testing to identify Lynch syndrome.” Systematic efforts to identify patients with LS are needed given the current estimate that less than 5% of individuals with LS have been diagnosed., Relying on age or family history criteria to determine Lynch syndrome screening or testing eligibility misses between 2570% of Lynch syndrome patients. UTS programs are endorsed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Office of Public Health Genomics based on evidence of analytic validity, clinical validity, and clinical utility.
Vision loss is a serious public health challenge today, and global efforts to reduce avoidable blindness by 2020 are underway., In the United States, age related eye diseases  and other eye conditions are common causes of vision loss. By 2020, the number of people with eye diseases and associated vision loss could increase by 50% or more because of the aging of the U.S. population. Blindness and low vision often affect people’s ability to read, walk, drive, or conduct other daily activities., Poor vision also results in an increased risk for falls and injuries,, social isolation, depression,, loss of productivity,, and, ultimately, an increased risk for morbidity or premature death.
Cardiac tissue engineering has a potential to provide functional tissue constructs for repair of myocardial infarction and congestive heart failure that currently affect close to 12 million people in the United States alone. One paradigm of tissue engineering is that the reparative cells can be induced to form functional tissue constructs in vitro by cultivation on biomaterial scaffolds in bioreactors, with these two components jointly providing the necessary cues for cell differentiation and tissue assembly. We reported previously that cultivation of engineered cardiac tissue in the presence of electrical field stimulation  remarkably improved cardiomyocyte function in engineered myocardium.
The neural basis of locomotor behavior in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans is a particularly attractive system for study because of the simplicity of its neuromuscular system. C. elegans propels itself forward or backward by the sequential contraction of 95 muscle cells arranged in 4 quadrants along the body . In adult hermaphrodites, muscle cells of the body wall are innervated by 75 motorneurons comprising 8 distinct classes .
Epidemiological and clinical data strongly support a major role by the human papillomavirus  in the etiology of cervical cancer . However, HPV alone appears to be insufficient for cervical cancer development as studies have shown that the majority of HPV infection is cleared by the immune response within 812 months . Further, additional cofactors were found to be required for prolonged expression of the HPV E6 and E7 oncogenes leading to development and progression of cervical abnormalities .
There is increasing evidence that amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is a multisystem disease that extends beyond the anterior horn cells and corticospinal tracts. Transactive response DNA binding protein 43 Kda  links ALS to frontotemporal dementia, and disease progression fits a model of prion like spread of TDP 43 protein in a corticofugal direction. Impairment of the sensory system has also been reported.
Candida albicans, the causative agent in the majority of cases of mucosal candidiasis, is a fungal organism that is both a commensal of the gastrointestinal and reproductive tracts, and an opportunistic pathogen of the same mucosal tissues . As a commensal, C. albicans asymptomatically colonizes both oral and vaginal epithelial surfaces. Clinically, oropharyngeal candidiasis  is a significant problem in immunocompromized individuals and is extremely common during human immunodeficiency virus  infection, especially when CD4+ T cells are reduced .
Recent genome wide association studies and subsequent replication studies have found consistent associations between a common variant on chromosome 9p21 and Myocardial Infarction  or Coronary Artery Disease . The nearest genes to this marker are CDKN2b and CDKN2a, which are key regulators of the cell cycle. The possible involvement of these cell cycle control genes in heart disease may be mediated via reduced re growth of arterial intimal cells, a phenomenon implicated in the development of atherosclerosis.
Emotionally stressful episodes can trigger acute heart failure, myocardial infarction  and sudden cardiac death . MSI is most often asymptomatic and accounts for up to 75% of total ischemic burden . One obstacle to such implementation has been that detection requires a detailed protocol that includes nuclear myocardial perfusion imaging .
In 2010, the World Health Organization issued global physical activity guidelines for adults 65 years and older in order to improve cardiorespiratory fitness, strength, bone, and functional health, and to reduce the risk of noncommunicable diseases, depression, and cognitive decline . These guidelines recommended at least 150 minutes/week of aerobic activity and acknowledged the benefit of higher amounts. The recommendation also includes muscle strengthening activities at least 2 days/week and, among those with poor mobility, activities to enhance balance and prevent falls on 3 or more days/week.
Accurate non invasive measurement of %HbO2 of deep lying vessels inaccessible to pulse oximetry would have many clinical applications. Among these are quantification of global cerebral metabolic rate of oxygen  and assessment of congenital heart defects in pediatric patients. Generally, both currently require catheterization procedures, which are invasive and carry risks.
The advancement of molecular imaging resulted in the discovery of novel biomarkers and the development of many target specific molecules from monoclonal antibodies to monobodies, small bodies, polypeptides, proteins, RNA, nanoparticles and small molecules. Conjugation of near infrared  dyes to a variety of the targeting molecules has been established as a powerful method for preclinical imaging of tumors , inflammatory diseases  and the peripheral nervous system  . For example, a typical IgG antibody molecule has 90 lysine residues, many of which are located close to each other ).
Treatment for mental health conditions represents a significant portion of ambulatory healthcare provided in the United States. Women are highly susceptible to common mood and anxiety disorders; among which depression and anxiety impose the largest burden. Women utilize a greater proportion of mental health services compared to men., Mental health services provided through primary care are particularly important in rural settings, where there are fewer mental health specialists, long distances to travel for specialty care, and increased waiting time for specialist appointments., In addition, confidentiality concerns are particularly salient for those in rural communities and may prevent care seeking.
Microbial infections in the airways contribute to tissue remodeling and are also a major factor in exacerbating underlying diseases, which have been associated with cytokine and chemokine release from resident lung cells. Matrix metalloproteinases  and cathepsins are clinically important proteases that are elevated in many diseases. MMPs act on a variety of non matrix extracellular proteins, such as cytokines, chemokines, receptors, junctional proteins, and antimicrobial peptides, to mediate a broad range of biological processes, such as repair, immunity, and angiogenesis.
Reoviridae is one of the largest families of viruses and comprises at least 12 genera of viruses with segmented dsRNA genomes. ; Genus Aquareovirus of the Reoviridae family consists of viruses that mainly infect aquatic animals such as bony fish and shellfish isolated from both sea and freshwater origins. The virus replicates well in the CIK  cell line at 25 − 30°C and produces a typical cytopathic effect consisting of large syncytia in its sensitive cells.
Ductal carcinoma in situ with microinvasion  is a pathologic diagnosis defined by the presence of ≤1 mm of invasive cancer in a background of DCIS and comprises 0.6 3.4% of breast cancer diagnoses. In the American Joint Committee on Cancer  staging system, it is considered a subset of T1 disease . These patients are generally considered to have a better prognosis than “macroinvasive” cancers, but worse than DCIS alone., The rarity of DCISM has made study of risk factors, management, and outcomes difficult.,, The risk of axillary lymph node metastases is low, , but no studies have been able to consistently identify any pathologic or demographic factor predictive of nodal disease.,, We have previously reported that 2.7% of 112 patients with DCISM had axillary lymph node macrometastases and 10% micrometastases.
The mammalian retina is a neural image processor designed to detected and encode information about distinctive visual features, the most basic of which are changes in luminance. In this way the light driven signal from the photoreceptors is divided into two separate main pathways that reach the CNS via output cells, retinal ganglion cells , that are excited by either a light increment or decrement and are known as ON and OFF type RGCs, respectively . One group of ON and OFF RGCs can be recognized morphologically on the basis of having large somas and distinct dendritic stratification profiles.
Swallowing Disorders are common and have a significant health impact. Prevalence data vary; approximately one quarter of patients in an unselected primary care population presented with dysphagia. In at risk populations, these figures are significantly increased, including the elderly  and patients following recent neurological insult .
The predatory cone snails  paralyze prey, defend against predators, and deter competitors using venoms that are complex mixtures of relatively small peptides  with potent neuropharmacological activity. The conopeptides that belong to the A gene superfamily share a consensus signal sequence, and the Cys patterns in the mature peptides can be used to assign it to a group within the A superfamily  . They are one component of a group of peptides that cause hyper excitability of axons at the venom injection site, resulting in the almost instantaneous onset of a tetanic immobilization of the prey with extreme rigidity of the skeletal musculature  .
Caveolins are key components of detergent resistant cholesterol lipid rich membranes including lipid rafts and caveolae. Caveolin 1  and  2 are ubiquitously expressed and interact with each other, while Cav 3 is muscle specific . Despite similar name, the amino acid sequence between Cav 1 and Cav 2 is only 38% identical  , suggesting distinct functional roles for each of these proteins ).
Multiple myeloma  is a clonal plasma cell disorder predominantly affecting the elderly, resulting in more than 10,000 deaths annually in the United States. The use of novel therapeutic agents such as immunomodulators and proteasome inhibitors, as well as the incorporation of high dose chemotherapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation  in eligible patients has led to significant improvements in the survival of MM patients. However MM remains biologically heterogeneous with significant variability among patients in terms of clinical features, response to therapy and overall survival .
Cells alter their morphology dynamically in response to stimuli that induce cell migration and during cell division. Downstream effectors of Rac and Cdc42 include the PAK  family of serine/threonine kinases. The group A PAKs are highly homologous, sharing 88% sequence homology within the p21 binding domain , which binds to Rac1 and Cdc42, and 93% homology within the kinase domain .
The Id proteins are dominant negative antagonists of basic helix loop helix  transcription factors and regulate differentiation in multiple lineages . The Id1 4 proteins are highly expressed during embryogenesis in partially overlapping patterns, and play major roles during development, for example cardiac and brain development . The cardiac phenotype is associated with ventricular septal , trabeculation and proliferation defects that result in a marked thinning of the myocardial wall .
The Burkholderia cepacia complex  is comprised of seventeen phenotypically similar but genetically distinct species. These Gram negative bacteria cause opportunistic infections in specific hosts such as those with chronic granulomatous disease  or cystic fibrosis . Nosocomial outbreaks of Bcc infections have been associated with various contaminated solutions.
Recognition of lipopolysaccharide  by MD 2 TLR4, is an important determinant of the innate immune response to Gram negative bacteria. Therefore, animal hosts have evolved numerous mechanisms for regulating the response to LPS. LBP can enhance or suppress the host response to LPS by mechanisms that depend on the LBP concentration.
Injection drug use is a serious public health problem that can lead to substantial morbidity and mortality. Of the many complications attributable to injection drug use, skin and soft tissue infections remain one of the most common problems, and are experienced by up to one third of injecting drug users, but abscesses, cellulitis, and other infections are not the only injected related wounds that cause health problems for injecting drug users. Injecting drugs can lead to myriad adverse cutaneous and subcutaneous effects, including thrombophlebitis, venous sclerosis, lymphedema, superficial scarring and discoloration, chronic venous insufficiency, and ulcers.
Over 130,000 reproductive age women are diagnosed with cancer in the USA annually  Program  Research Data , National Cancer Institute, DCCPS, Surveillance Research Program, Cancer Statistics Branch, released April 2011, based on the November 2010 submission), with haematological cancers accounting for 18% of new diagnoses in women under the age of 45 . In the paediatric and adolescent populations, US cancer statistics suggest that incidence of leukaemia is increasing 0.5% per year . While various therapeutic protocols for haematological malignancies are available, many include alkylating agents which have been associated with gonadotoxicity and infertility .
MR guided cryoablation is a promising method for minimally invasive therapy of prostate, liver, and kidney tumors . It is also being developed for preventing the most common cardiac arrhythmias in both children and adults . reports good clinical results using this therapy for selected patients, in a range of organ systems.
Specific recognition of DNA sequences is essential for many biotechnology applications, for external control of gene expression, and for therapeutic targeting of DNA. The key feature of this approach is that one or more small molecules can be used to selectively target a clustered set of binding sites in DNA and generate a biological response that is not observed for binding to single sites . An additional attractive compound motif for development of sequence selective DNA binding agents of 46 base pairs that can recognize repeated DNA sequences is based on linked heterocyclic cations that bind in the DNA minor groove.
Childhood Absence Epilepsy  accounts for 10 to 15 percent of pediatric epilepsy diagnoses . The current study investigates attention related problems that might differentiate children with CAE from their healthy peers, and the role of disease on attention related problems in this group . investigated the ADDES HV sensitivity in correctly classifying children with seizures compared to ADHD.
Late onset Alzheimer’s disease  is the most common neurodegenerative disorder affecting more than five million people in the USA alone. With the exception of apolipoprotein E epsilon 4 , no polymorphism has shown consistent and replicated association with LOAD. Current case control approaches may not have the statistical power to detect the small effect sizes expected in a complex disease like LOAD.
The conformational and dynamic properties of the unfolded state of a globular protein under native conditions dictate the process by which the polypeptide begins the directed search for the native conformation. In addition to its fundamental role in biology, the unfolded state has also received considerable attention recently with an increased appreciation of intrinsically disordered proteins,  and the possible role of the unfolded ensemble in human diseases., Molar concentrations of urea or guanidine hydrochloride have typically been used to disrupt secondary and tertiary structures of proteins and the unfolded state achieved closely resembles a random coil. Single molecule, pulsed field gradient NMR and kinetic folding,  experiments have indicated that the earliest steps for a variety of motifs correspond to a global contraction of the unfolded ensemble, reflecting an adjustment to the solvent conditions.
Genomic imprinting is a cis acting epigenetic mechanism resulting in the parental specific expression of ~100 mammalian genes . In the Igf2r and Kcnq1 imprinted clusters, the unmethylated ICE contains an active non coding  RNA promoter that silences multiple genes on the paternal chromosome . Genomic imprinting consists of distinct developmental stages: imprint acquisition in gametes, onset of imprinted expression in early embryos, maintenance of imprinted expression in differentiated cells and, finally, imprint erasure in germ cells of early embryos .
The human Apobec3 locus encodes seven homologous genes expanded in tandem on chromosome 22 ; . Whereas several mechanisms have been suggested to underlie A3G antiviral activity, such as cytidine deaminase independent inhibition of viral reverse transcription ; ; , it is now widely accepted that the major antiviral activity of A3G is dC to dU hypermutation of the viral ssDNA ; ; ; ; ; ;  . Although the above mentioned A3G modes of deamination match the restrictions of catalyzing the viral DNA, it is yet unclear how A3G targets the newly synthesized viral DNA in the reverse transcriptase complexes .
Pemphigus foliaceus  is a tissue specific autoimmune disease in which antibodies against the desmosomal cadherin desmoglein 1  cause loss of keratinocyte adhesion in the superficial epidermis, resulting in skin blisters . Desmogleins are thought to function as cell cell adhesion molecules in the epidermis and maintain its integrity. Dsg1 is synthesized in the endoplasmic reticulum as an inactive precursor protein with an amino terminal propeptide , which is thought to prevent intracellular aggregation with other newly synthesized cadherins within the secretory pathway.
Resveratrol , a phytoalexin found in grape skins, red wine and peanuts, has been presented as a promising chemopreventive agent against cancer . The presence of resveratrol in red wine may contribute to this beverage's proposed cancer preventive effects . demonstrated in a two stage mouse skin cancer model that resveratrol possesses cancer chemopreventive activity against all three major stages of carcinogenesis comprising initiation, promotion and progression.
The human brain has a highly complex anatomical structure and achieving this through development requires the coordinated expression of sets of genes. A major focus of developmental neuroscience is to understand how this specificity is attained: the identification of genes which control the development of key brain regions and how the regions themselves develop spatially in 3D and temporally during gestation and postnatal development . Much of the work on determining patterns of gene expression in the developing brain has been carried out in the mouse and other organisms, but less so in human.
Examination of spontaneous muscle activity is an important part of routine electromyogram , particularly in supporting the diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  and its variants . The detection of both spontaneous motor unit activity  and spontaneous muscle fiber activity  can be conventionally achieved by needle EMG. An earlier study using rat preparations  recorded EMG baseline of denervated muscles with conventional surface electrodes.
A major threat to tuberculosis  control efforts is the increasing global burden of drug resistant TB. Inappropriate treatment regimens and poor adherence to therapy are the most common causes of drug resistant TB and in large part have led to the development and transmission of multi drug resistant  TB  and extensively drug resistant  TB . The World Health Organization  has estimated a worldwide prevalence of 660,000 cases of MDR TB and 150,000 MDR TB related deaths annually.
Glioblastoma multiforme  is the most common brain tumor comprising 23% of all primary adult brain tumors, and is the most deadly with a life expectancy of 9 12 month. Recently, TRAIL has arisen as a promising new anti glioma therapy due to it's ability to induce apoptosis in a wide variety of malignant cells with high tolerance and minimal toxicity to normal tissue. Despite initial clinical excitement, the rapid clearance of soluble TRAIL following systemic administration and large dose required to achieve glioma regression have limited the effectiveness of TRAIL in patients.
Most HIV infections occurs in the context of actions that are related to social behaviors, such as having sex and using drugs. There is an increasing body of evidence indicating that social network characteristics  may play an even more important role in disease transmission than individual background or risk characteristics . Bridge populations, for example, have been pinpointed as major contributors to both sexual  and drug injecting related transmission of HIV .
Cathepsin K is a cysteine protease with collagenolytic, elastinolytic and proteoglycan degradative activities known to be involved in early osteoclast action . The enzyme is expressed by osteoclasts, chondroclasts, osteoblasts, hypertrophic chondrocytes, and other cells including endothelial cells , gastric mucosa , and skeletal and non skeletal tumors . Its highest level of expression is in osteoclasts .
Fractures and loss of bone have significantly affected the quality of life for a large segment of the population. Biodegradable polymers such as poly, poly, and their copolymers  are the most prevalent materials for tissue engineering applications . Inflammatory responses and foreign body reactions were reported for the patients after being treated with polyester implants .
Over the decades following the onset of the AIDS epidemic, studies repeatedly show that only a minority of men who have sex with men  engage in behavior that is likely to lead to HIV infection, even among men who are recruited from venues long associated with risk behavior, such as gay bathhouses , cruising areas  and online cruise sites  . Such an approach is called for in the National HIV/AIDS Strategy , which emphasizes the importance of bringing prevention to the most at risk populations . However, the advent of the Internet and its online cruise sites  has greatly increased the opportunities for and immediacy of meeting sexual partners.
Prostate cancer is one of the leading causes of death among men in the United States . Despite aggressive efforts toward early detection and treatment, the mortality rate for prostate cancer continues at a high level . Early stage prostate cancer requires androgen for growth and thus responds to androgen deprivation therapy .
Circulating peripheral blood monocytes represent a pleiotropic population of cells which are essential for innate immune responses to pathogenic micro organisms in the blood, mucosal surfaces and tissues . Peripheral blood monocytes, derived from bone marrow precursors, are recruited to sites of inflammation during bacterial infection . For certain infections monocytes may be the key mononuclear phagocyte mediating cell mediated immunity .
Ciclopirox olamine  , the ethanolamine salt of 6 cyclohexyl 1 hydroxy 4 methyl 2 pyridone, is a synthetic antifungal agent used to treat mycoses of the skin and nails for more than 20 years. The mechanisms of these actions of CPX seem diverse, involving disruption of membrane function in fungi, or targeting different metabolic  and energy producing processes in bacteria. , CPX also prevents the death of tropic factor deprived PC12 cells and postmitotic sympathetic neurons by blocking the cell cycle progression, or the death of cerebellar granule neurons in low K+ containing medium, but induces an active cell death in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The knee meniscus is a fibrocartilaginous tissue that provides stability within the joint, while also bearing and transmitting loads during normal locomotion. In response to joint loading, its semi circular wedge shape increases congruence between the convex femoral condyle and relatively flat tibial plateau, resulting in an inhomogeneous stress strain distribution within the tissue. Finite element models of the meniscus suggest that compressive forces dominate in the thinnest part of the wedge shape , while the thicker, more peripheral regions bear most of the circumferential tensile loads.
Acute myocardial infarction  is typically caused by platelet mediated thrombosis at the site of a ruptured or eroded atherosclerotic plaque. Anti platelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is commonly prescribed early and continued following AMI to reduce recurrent ischemic events, but may cause an increase in the risk of bleeding. Both recurrent ischemic events and bleeding have been associated with increased late mortality., Recent studies have demonstrated wide variability of individual patient responsiveness to the inhibitory effects of clopidogrel on platelet aggregation, with potentially important implications for its clinical effectiveness and safety.
Higher step length variability is present in those with neurologic diseases and may precede dementia onset. Step length at preferred speeds is quite constant in healthy adults, but higher step length variability can be present in older adults without overt neurologic disease. Step control is a multifactorial process with involvement from the musculoskeletal system, peripheral nervous system, and central nervous system .
Although close contact is a well recognised risk factor for tuberculosis, the proportion of tuberculosis cases found attributable to identifiable contact with other cases is generally low,. This proportion can be estimated through traditional case control studies, asking about contacts, or by molecular epidemiological studies in which cases with shared DNA fingerprint patterns  are investigated. Estimates in sub Saharan Africa of the proportion of “clustered” cases with identifiable links range from 11 27%,.
Integrins are heterodimeric transmembrane receptors for extracellular matrix components that consist of non covalently linked α and β subunits . Eighteen α and 8 β subunits are identified in mammals  and they consist of a large extracellular domain, a transmembrane domain and a short cytoplasmic tail . The extracellular domain confers ligand specificity and is required for ligand interactions.
In disease states such as heart failure, myocardial infarction and hypertrophy, changes in the expression and location of Connexin43  occur , and may predispose to arrhythmias. Stretch may be an important stimulus to Cx43 remodeling; however, it has only been investigated in neonatal cell cultures, which have different physiological properties to adult myocytes. We hypothesized that localized stretch in vivo causes Cx43 remodeling, with associated changes in conduction, mediated by the renin/angiotensin system  .
It has been generally accepted that maximum vertical jumps could provide a reliable and sensitive assessment of various kinematic and kinetic variables . Nevertheless, the effect of Hcmd on vertical jumps remains largely neglected in literature. This phenomenon could explain the findings of some experimental and modeling studies suggesting that Hmax could be relatively insensitive to Hcmd .
Phosphatidylinositol and its phosphorylated derivatives  has long been known to have an important regulatory role in cell physiology . Phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5 triphosphate  and phosphatidylinositol 4,5 biphosphate  are two well known lipid second messengers . PIP2 on the other hand regulates a variety of diverse cellular activities, including modulation of the actin cytoskeleton, endocytosis, exocytosis, and ion channel activity  .
Humans have limited ability to repair injured or damaged organs. Recently, it has become clear that biophysical signals such as ion currents and patterned voltage gradients  are key components for the induction of regeneration and patterning of new tissue in structures such as amphibian limbs and mammalian corneas . The Xenopus larval tail is a complex organ containing multiple cell types: muscle, peripheral nerves, spinal cord, notochord, and vasculature.
The primary risk factor for cervical cancer is persistent infection with oncogenic subtypes of human papillomavirus  . The development of a prophylactic vaccine to prevent HPV infection represents an important step in reducing cervical cancer incidence and mortality. In 2006, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  approved the first HPV vaccine for administration to females 926 years of age for the prevention of cervical cancer  .
Hypertension is a cardiovascular risk factor common among hemodialysis patients  and one which that may be better assessed using out of office blood pressure  monitoring either by home BP measurements or automatic interdialytic ambulatory BP recordings . Chronobiologic analysis reveals that arterial BP rhythms are markedly altered in patients on hemodialysis . Most hemodialysis patients have absence of nocturnal decline in BP, a phenomenon known as non dipping .
Glioblastoma  is the most common type of brain tumor and is associated with high morbidity and mortality rates. Patients with GBM routinely undergo surgery followed by adjuvant radiation therapy and chemotherapy. GBMs are among the most angiogenic of all human tumors, and the level of angiogenesis in GBMs is closely correlated with the degree of malignancy and patient prognosis  .
The complement system serves as a critical hub in the human innate immune and inflammatory system, and fulfills numerous roles in homeostasis, defense, repair, and disease . To achieve this most efficiently, the microbial surface must first be recognized by one of a series of pattern recognition proteins . Surface bound C4b then binds C2 to form the CP/LP C3 pro convertase which, when proteolytically activated by the same initiation complexes named above, gives rise to the fully active CP/LP C3 convertase, C4b2a.
The mesolimbic system, including the ventral tegmental area  and nucleus accumbens , is essential for reward seeking behavior. The NAcc integrates dopaminergic projections from the VTA and glutamatergic projections from limbic regions such as the basolateral amygdala , hippocampus, medial prefrontal cortex . The primary target of NAcc neurons is the ventral pallidum  , which in turn projects to the subthalamic nucleus, dopaminergic mesencephalon, and mediodorsal thalamus .
All proteins that traffic through the secretory pathway begin their journey when they are translocated as nascent polypeptides into the endoplasmic reticulum . The ER, a network of membrane bound tubular and sac like structures, provides an environment that is conducive for the folding and assembly of proteins into correct conformations that are functional and suitable for transport to their final destination . Xbp1 is required for development of specialized secretory cell types such as antibody secreting plasma cells  and pancreatic acinar cells  that are characterized by expansive networks of rough ER.
The microbial flora of the human oral cavity can be highly diverse, encompassing approximately 700 bacterial species , of which about ½ has not yet been grown in vitro. It is therefore of interest to characterize the normal flora of the elderly present in different oral sites. Significant site  and subject specificity has been shown in the microflora of the oral cavity of adults, but not of the elderly  .
Alzheimer’s disease  is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that gradually damages the neocortex and hippocampus, reducing memory, learning and reasoning . A large body of evidence suggests that the accumulation of β amyloid  is a crucial event in the initiation and maintenance of neuronal degeneration in AD . Aβ neurotoxicity has been demonstrated both in vitro  and in vivo .
Treatment interventions for co occurring posttraumatic stress disorder  and substance use disorders  have shown promising results  and provide alternatives to traditional relapse prevention strategies for women in substance abuse treatment. However, given high drop out rates and difficulties with retention among this population, questions remain as to the specific conditions under which these women can best be engaged and benefit from treatment. While the evidence on racial/ethnic differences in prevalence rates of PTSD and SUDs is mixed , research findings indicate there are racial/ethnic disparities in the adverse consequences of these conditions and in access to mental health care .
Clinical resistance to anticancer therapies is a persistent problem that can be caused by genetic or epigenetic events occurring within cancer cells or by extracellular cues such as soluble factors or cell cell contacts . Ultimately, these diverse events lead to the activation of growth and survival signaling pathways within cancer cells that enable them to survive otherwise lethal pharmacological insults . By blocking these drug resistance pathways, it may be possible to improve the efficacy and durability of anticancer drugs.
Atrial fibrillation  is the most common cardiac arrhythmia and represents a significant health risk to the population. Therapy for AF seeks to restore normal sinus rhythm through pharmacologic cardioversion. Lack of ion channel selectivity and overlap in ion channel expression in the atria and ventricles however, underlies the nonspecific ventricular side effects of current pharmacological agents, .
Despite long standing interest in the relations between stress and eating behavior, the true nature of these associations and the underlying biological mechanisms involved remain poorly understood. Surgical removal of the adrenal glands  results in decreased food intake in rodents, and administration of glucocorticoids reverses this effect . If cortisol reactivity promotes obesity by stimulating food intake following stress, several findings would be anticipated.
Toxoplasma gondii is an obligate intracellular parasite of the phylum Apicomplexa, which also includes the deadly agent of malaria, Plasmodium falciparum. Another complex, composed of the transmembrane protein TgMIC6, is interacting with two soluble molecules TgMIC1 and TgMIC4. Parasites lacking TgAMA1 efficiently attach to host cells but are defective in rhoptry secretion, fail to create a MJ and are consequently unable to invade host cells .
Huntington’s disease  is associated with atrophy of the striatum and cerebral cortex, which leads to a loss of motor control and declines in cognitive function . The disease usually manifests in midlife and is due to an expansion in the CAG trinucleotide repeat within the gene encoding the protein huntingtin . Within the striatum, medium sized spiny neurons  are most susceptible to dysfunction and degeneration.
Allogeneic bone marrow transplantation  is currently used for the treatment of a variety of hematologic malignancies. It has also shown promise in solid cancers such as renal cell carcinomas  and in autoimmunity , but significant obstacles regarding acute graft versus host disease  still limit the broader use of this procedure. GVHD is an immune mediated disease in which donor T cells are primed mainly by recipient antigen presenting cells and then recognize and attack the genetically disparate recipient.
Alzheimer’s disease , the most common form of dementia, is characterized by progressive neurodegeneration and presence of two major histopathological lesions in the brain; neurofibrillary tangles and senile plaques. Although the amount of senile plaques is critical to the neuropathological diagnosis it does not relate to the degree of dementia . Instead, soluble Aβ correlates with the density of neurofibrillary tangles  and loss of synapses , i.e. with measures that are known to better reflect disease severity .
Stereotactic body radiotherapy  is now a well established treatment for medically inoperable early stage non small cell lung cancer , with 2 year local control rates ranging from 80 97%. However, an early prospective trial indicated that patients with centrally located lung tumors were at increased risk for severe pulmonary toxicity when treated with SBRT. As a result, tumors within a 2 cm radius of the proximal bronchial tree, often described as the “no fly zone ,” were excluded from the landmark RTOG 0236 trial  and are now being studied separately in a phase I/II trial  , which aims to determine the maximum tolerated dose  for SBRT in central lung tumors .
Gastrin is a peptide hormone produced primarily by endocrine G cells in the gastric antrum, with lower levels found in the duodenum and pituitary. First, the gastrin gene is expressed in the majority of colonic adenomas and cancers, and gastrin has been identified as an important downstream target of both Wnt and Ras signaling pathways. In these tumors, gastrin is present primarily in the nonamidated form due to the absence of processing enzymes in nonendocrine tissues .
The risk of injury associated with alcohol use is a function of the simultaneous combination of a number of factors . Although some of these characteristics are easier to measure than others, even if all were available and measured with high precision, the level of risk to which alcohol use exposes the drinker can still be quite variable due to the influence of a number of other key measured or unmeasured factors for which control may be difficult, such as context of injury , impulsivity/mood, others’ drinking, and weather/road conditions/condition of vehicles, etc. One epidemiologic approach used in an attempt to quantify the risk of injury associated with alcohol use is to compare, in a sample experiencing an injury, the amount consumed over a period of fixed length prior to injury to the same individuals’ consumption during a single control period of similar duration in which an injury did not occur.
Two trials have shown that male circumcision reduces the prevalence of high risk penile human papillomavirus  infection by approximately 35% in HIV negative men , and several cross sectional studies have found a lower rate of prevalent penile HPV infection in circumcised HIV uninfected men . However, it is unclear whether circumcision reduces the incidence of HPV acquisition or increases the clearance of preexisting HPV infection. One longitudinal observational study of 285 U.S. men, 25 of whom were circumcised, found no statistically significant difference in the hazards ratio  of acquisition of either high risk HPV  infections  or any HPV infection  in circumcised versus uncircumcised men .
With an estimated 20,000 procedures per year, multi component, inflatable penile prosthesis placement is the most common treatment for erectile dysfunction refractory to medical therapy. Device infection remains the most dreaded complication of penile prosthesis implantation as this inevitably results in additional operations with an increased risk of infection, tissues loss, urethral injury and penile shortening. Historically, infection rates have been cited as 3 5%, however, rates of less than 1% are often quoted in contemporary single surgeon series .
We assessed defibrillation strength shock induced changes of the membrane time constant  and membrane potential  in intact rabbit hearts after administration of lidocaine, a sodium  channel blocker, or nifedipine, a L type calcium  channel blocker . The experimental protocol was approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of Cleveland Clinic. All animals used in this study received humane care in compliance with the National Institutes of Health’s Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals .
The beat to beat function of the L type calcium channel , CaV1.2, is to provide trigger Ca for excitation contraction coupling in cardiac myocytes. Over a longer time frame, LTCC Ca current  provides Ca that ultimately contributes to cellular Ca homeostasis. We recently showed that LTCC block by sustained in vivo pharmacological treatment results in an up regulation of ICa,L, CaV1.2 protein, and mRNA, in agreement with earlier studies .
Cystic fibrosis , an autosomal recessive disease manifesting progressive respiratory insufficiency, defective exocrine pancreatic secretion and elevated electrolyte concentration in the sweat, is related to loss of function mutations of the CF Transmembrane conductance Regulator  gene encoding a chloride transporting protein  . The major cause of morbidity and mortality of CF patients is chronic lung disease. However, current anti inflammatory drugs, such as corticosteroids, show limitations in terms of efficacy or occurrence of adverse effects in CF patients, suggesting the need of identifying novel molecular targets and more effective anti inflammatory drugs specifically tailored for CF pulmonary pathophysiology  .
Many congenital heart defects affect formation of the cardiac valves  structures needed to direct blood flow through the heart and prevent regurgitation. Heart valve defects such as bicuspid valves are relatively common but typically do not cause symptoms until adult life, at which time degeneration and calcification lead to deterioration of valve function. The cellular hallmarks of EMT are loss of endothelial cell cell contacts, delamination of ECs from the endothelium, cellular migration into the underlying extracellular matrix, and induction of α smooth muscle actin .
Rett syndrome  is a neurodevelopmental disorder caused by mutations in the gene encoding methyl CpG binding protein 2  that are predicted to result in loss of function of the protein  . Individuals affected with RTT are born healthy and experience normal development until 618 months of age, after which they enter a period characterized by regression of motor and language skills . RTT patients display a range of phenotypes that are predominantly expressed in the CNS, including stereotypical hand movements, problems with gait, social behavioral deficits associated with autistic like features, heightened anxiety, and loss of cognitive abilities including some learning disabilities  .
Lumbar disc surgery remains one of the most commonly performed operations, with rates exhibiting considerable geographic variation. Two recent randomized trials demonstrated that surgery provides faster pain relief and perceived recovery in patients with herniated disc. Outcomes were similar at 1 year for patients assigned to surgery and for those assigned to non operative treatment.
Dioxin like compounds are environmental contaminants of great concern produced as unwanted byproducts of industrial processes and combustion . Some are resistant to chemical and biological degradation and bioaccumulate in animals and humans . The most toxic dioxin is 2,3,7,8 tetrachlorodibenzo p dioxin .
A remarkable insight emerging from the molecular era of carcinogenesis research is the universality of certain molecular pathways in the pathogenesis of a diverse array of tumor types. Acute promyelocytic leukemia  provided another such opportunity when it was discovered that a reciprocal chromosomal translocation fusing the RARA and PML genes was the underlying cause of the differentiation defect that formed the basis for promyelocytic leukocytosis . This conclusion comes from three types of studies.
While chronic degenerative arthropathy is the main morbidity of hemophilia, a very high prevalance of low bone density is also seen in men and boys with hemophilia. The current study investigates bone degradation in the knee joint of hemophilic mice resulting from hemarthrosis and the efficacy of aggressive treatment with factor VIII in the period surrounding injury to prevent bone pathology . Skeletally mature factor VIII knock out mice were subjected to knee joint hemorrhage induced by puncture of the left knee joint capsule.
Gliomas are the most common primary tumors of the central nervous system, with glioblastomas  as the most malignant entity. Because local invasion of neoplastic cells into the surrounding brain is perhaps the most important aspect of the biology of gliomas precluding successful treatment, pharmacological inhibition of glioma cell migration and brain invasion is considered as a promising strategy for the treatment of GBM  . Microarray technology was used to explore the expression profile of migrating glioma cells.
Pushing is commonly used when opening doors or moving grocery shopping carts, as well as while moving goods in warehouse and distribution settings . Pushing activities are associated with 920% work related musculoskeletal disorders and low back injuries . The majority of studies are focused on investigating the magnitudes and directions of exerted pushing force .
Severe orthostatic hypotension and pre syncopal symptoms are the main cause of disability among patients with autonomic failure. The current recommended therapeutic approaches are limited to medications that increase sodium reabsorption and expand plasma volume such as fludrocortisones,,  or vasoactive agents such as the alpha 1 adrenergic agonist, midodrine. Pyridostigmine inhibits the enzyme acetylcholinesterase and increases the transmission of impulses from cholinergic neurons across the synaptic cleft.
Some of the best response rates with radionuclide therapy have been achieved in non Hodgkin’s lymphoma , which is considered to be a relatively radiosensitive malignancy that may be effectively treated with low dose rate radiation. While these results are promising, there is much room for improving efficacy with individualized treatment planning . In the majority of clinical radionuclide therapy studies, statistically significant tumor dose response correlations have not been established,, possibly due to inaccuracies in dose estimation.
There are substantial socioeconomic differences in rates of obesity and chronic diseases, including type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Diet is a modifiable risk factor for such outcomes and as such is a likely contributor to health inequalities. Understanding the social and economic patterning of diet is important for informing public health action, as recognised by Public Health England in 2013 .
The central nervous system  plays an integral role in blood pressure regulation, primarily through sympathetic activation and mediation of various neurohumoral factors such as angiotensin II and vasopressin. Hormones such as these can access the circumventricular organs, which are adjacent to the cerebral ventricles and have a poorly formed blood brain barrier. The circumventricular organs implicated in blood pressure control include the organum vasculosum of the lamina terminalis , the area postrema, the subfornical organ and the anteroventral third ventricle  region.
Canavan disease  is a rare recessive autosomal white matter leukodystrophy  that is caused by mutations of the aspartoacylase gene . The disease has a high prevalence in people of Askenazi Jewish origin , and it is characterized by the presence of widespread spongy degeneration in the brain and spinal cord . Affected individuals suffer from mental retardation, weakness, blindness and functional disability, and most die by the age of five  .
Male mammals display a wide range of complex social behaviors toward young that can range from aggression to indifference to parental care . In addition to a lack of parental care, male mammals may also exhibit extreme aggression towards infants resulting in infanticide. For many species in which individual males engage in high levels of parental behavior at one time the same male will, at another stage of life, exhibit aggression towards young.
Citrobacter rodentium is a natural mouse pathogen. It is the causative agent of transmissible murine colonic hyperplasia, and is responsible for high mortality in suckling mice . As a member of the attaching and effacing  family of bacterial pathogens, and the only known AE pathogen to naturally infect mice, it is a valuable model organism for the study of pathogenesis of the clinically significant human pathogens, enteropathogenic Escherichia coli  and enterohaemorrhagic E. coli  .
The topology of chromatin is regulated by precise mechanisms that govern consistent packaging and replication of DNA, and also play a critical role in transcriptional regulation. Modulating this process in rapidly dividing cells may be a potentially important anti neoplastic strategy. Histone acetyltransferases  and histone deacetylases  work in an opposing manner by acetylating and deacetylating histones, respectively.
The recent advent of pathway targeted chemotherapeutic agents, such as gefitinib and erlotinib, has led to improved therapy for a small subgroup of patients with advanced lung cancer. However, research findings have demonstrated that tumors with similar clinical characteristics  may respond differently to the same drug. The mitogen activated protein kinase kinase  is one of the critical molecules in the Ras/Raf/MEK/ERK cascade, which mediates signal transduction from Ras/Raf to extracellular signal regulated kinases  through phosphorylation of both tyrosine  and threonine  residues of ERK proteins.
The concept of neighborhood holds significance in South Africa. Under the apartheid regime , residential areas were forcefully segregated through the Group Areas Act of 1950  which restricted certain racial groups in terms of ownership and land occupation. The 1980's in South Africa was arguably one of the most violent periods , characterized by civil unrest, torture, and the slaying of political figures, actions undertaken by the apartheid regime against its citizens .
The adolescent period is one of rapid and transformative development, characterized by efforts to confront and surmount challenges and to establish a sense of identity and autonomy. While the majority of adolescents manage the sometimes turbulent transition from childhood to adulthood becoming healthy and productive adults, there is an emerging concern that far too many adolescents may not achieve their full potential . Of particular concern are behaviors that place adolescents at risk for HIV infection, other sexually transmitted infections , and unintended pregnancy, in essence, sexual risk behaviors  .
The successful demonstration that epidural electrical stimulation of posterior spinal cord structures can suppress pain , led to a widely spread clinical practice of spinal cord stimulation  to modify the severity of perception of nociceptive and neuropathic pain. Clinical practice of SCS has been extensively reviewed . SCS for pain control has generally been applied to the thoracic spinal cord.
The hierarchy used for identifying hematopoietic and endothelial progenitors provides a unique quantitative method for assessing the degree of heterogeneity in stem cell cultures and may offer important insights into mesenchymal stem cell  biology. Hematopoietic high proliferative potential colony forming cells  obtained from both mouse and human bone marrow have been shown to form large colonies  in double layer agar cultures and differentiate into multiple hematopoietic cell types . Low proliferative potential colony forming cells  are defined as hematopoietic cells that can grow into colonies smaller than HPP CFC but greater than 50 cells .
In vivo thermoregulatory temperature responses of mammalian brains to radio frequency  heating are unknown for ultra high field magnetic resonance  systems . Studying these responses are necessary to develop appropriate RF safety guidelines for human MR imaging at the highest fields . Spatially unique correlations were reported between the whole head average specific absorption rate  and the maximum brain and rectal temperature changes during RF heating.
The inner ear comprises a fluid filled epithelium within a labyrinthine space ofthe temporal bone. Dilation of ES and ED epithelia is thought to cause thebony malformation pathognomonic for EVA. Studies of the ear in targeted mouse mutants that lack functionalpendrin have uncovered a pathological cascade involving dilation of the fluid filled earepithelium, altered ionic composition of the luminal fluid endolymph, malformation ofacellular matrix structures , changes in protein expression, metabolic stress, andpost natal death of the ear's primary sensory  cells .
Mating systems determine how genes combine into genotypes, and therefore strongly affect population genetic structure  and evolutionary potential . The mating systems of flowering plants have been the subject of especially intense scrutiny because of the many ways in which sexual organs can be deployed across individuals and populations, the prevalence of animal mediated mating, the array of morphological and biochemical adaptations known to affect plant mating systems, and the repeated evolution of largely self fertilizing species from outcrossing ancestors . The dynamics of plant mating systems have attracted theoretical attention ever since Fisher  pointed out the substantive advantage of an allele capable of self fertilization.
Campylobacter is a leading bacterial cause of food born disease worldwide , representing a huge health challenge. Young children remain most susceptible both in the developing and the developed world . Rarely, some infections due to specific C. jejuni serotypes result in serious post infectious complications like bacteremia, arthritis, Reiter's syndrome and Guillain Barré syndrome  .
Obesity continues as a growing trend in the United States, with over 32% of the adult population with a BMI ≥30. Moreover, unintentional injury remains the fifth leading cause of death among adults. Obese trauma patients continue to be clinically challenging as they are more than five times more likely to die from their injury than their non obese counterparts.
COMMD proteins are a group of evolutionarily conserved factors present in a wide range of organisms . All ten members of this family are found in vertebrates and are also present in Dictyostelium discoideum. In addition, several COMMD genes are also identifiable in Drosophila and Caenorhabditis species, as well as in various unicellular protozoa  .
Organic solvents are chemicals that are ubiquitous in occupational settings. Solvents are present in the workplace through the use of adhesives, paints, degreasing agents, and cleaning products. Solvents such as benzene and trichloroethylene have been recognized by the International Agency for Research on Cancer  and the US National Toxicology Program  as known human carcinogens; however there is limited data on solvents as human breast carcinogens  .
Tuberous sclerosis complex  is an autosomal dominant disorder resulting from mutations in either the TSC1  or TSC2  gene . In addition to autism and cognitive disabilities, epilepsy is the most common neurological symptom of TSC and is present in 7080% of individuals with TSC ). Epilepsy is in most cases difficult to manage with antiepileptic drugs and often requires surgical resection of one or more tubers  .
The preBötzinger Complex  is essential for normal breathing in rodents  and is postulated to be an essential site for respiratory rhythm generation . In brainstem spinal cord  and transverse slice in vitro preparations, respiratory rhythm persists in the absence of postsynaptic inhibition . Many models for rhythmogenesis predicate a significant role, often obligatory, for excitatory, presumably glutamatergic, pacemaker neurons .
Recent reports from the District of Columbia  Department of Health describe an HIV epidemic in Washington comparable to that in East Africa . Three percent of adults in the US capital are known to be living with HIV; many more remain undiagnosed and unable to obtain either lifesaving care or counseling to reduce the spread of infection  . In response to the continuing spread of HIV in the US and internationally, both the US National Institutes of Health  and the World Health Organization  have committed to implementing and evaluating universal testing and treatment for prevention of HIV infection .
Lipid transmembrane diffusion  is of great interest to the biophysical community. For these species, spontaneous flip fop may still be an important mechanism of transmembrane redistribution . While there has been some progress in the attempt to identify plasma membrane flippases, study of flip flop in biogenic membranes, such as the ER membrane, has revealed important mechanistic differences for flip flop in these two cellular environments.
The shared tumor associated antigens  that are potential targets of cancer immunotherapy primarily consist of non mutated self antigens that are either lineage specific or overexpressed. Due to immunological tolerance towards these proteins, B cells producing high affinity antibodies and T cells expressing high affinity T cell receptors  are often deleted, making the remaining repertoire relatively unresponsive to active immunization. Furthermore, for those antigens for which self tolerance is incomplete, the process of tumor development can actively tolerize the remaining T cells .
The clinical uses of mobile health  are broad and have expanded rapidly over the past decade but there has been little research on how useful these tools are across patient populations. The ubiquity of cell phones and touchscreen technology presents the opportunity to use mHealth tools to bridge gaps in health disparities if underserved communities accept and can easily use such tools. Few studies have evaluated the use of touchscreen technology for health questionnaires and have found that a majority of patients prefer the touchscreen to paper, including those with low health literacy and minorities .
This study evaluates polyomavirus JC  large T antigen  as a potential target for drug development. LTA is a hexameric protein with a helicase activity that is powered by ATP binding and hydrolysis. The helicase and ATPase function is critical for viral replication .
Representations arising from distracting stimuli interfere with our ability to selectively attend to task relevant information. Young adults during performance of the incongruent trials activate a network of regions including the bilateral middle frontal gyrus, bilateral inferior frontal gyrus, anterior cingulate cortex  and the parietal cortex  due to increased attentional control required to overcome the task irrelevant dimensions of the incongruent condition . Neuroimaging research has demonstrated increased recruitment of brain regions by older adults to perform cognitive tasks in which younger adults more selectively recruit neural resources .
Head and neck squamous cell carcinomas  are malignancies of the upper aerodigestive tract, including the mouth, larynx, and pharynx. HNSCC represents the sixth most common malignancy in the United States and accounts for ~500,000 new cancer cases per year worldwide . However, despite rapid approval of cetuximab for use in HNSCC by the Food and Drug Administration , improvement in patient survival with the use of this agent has been only modestly incremental.
Cholestasis, or impaired bile flow, is a form of liver disease that has various etiologies and can result in liver failure. There are numerous causes of cholestasis, and apoptosis has been proposed as a mechanism of bile acid induced liver injury . CAR may have a role in cell death via apoptosis by altering expression of Bcl 2 family proteins such as myeloid cell leukemia 1 .
Amphipathic polymers have demonstrated great potential as suitable membrane substitutes . Among the reasons that favor amphipols over conventional detergent based surfactants are their ability to increase stability of the embedded membrane protein in certain cases as well as their good refolding properties in particular for seven transmembrane helical  proteins . Ligand binding capabilities of amphipol refolded GPCRs could be demonstrated and high resolution insights of the LTB4 ligand while bound to perdeuterated BLT2 receptor could be obtained using homonuclear 1H spectroscopy of the ligand.
Gene expression refers to the process of synthesizing a functional gene productfrom the information encoded in a gene, and the study of gene expression is central tobiomedical research. While the traditional method of gene expression analysis is microarraytechnology, next generation sequencing technologies offer a competitive alternative inRNAseq. One of the interesting features of RNAseq technology is its ability to sequencemicroRNA , which are small, non coding species of RNA that play a variety of roles inthe regulation of gene expression.
The asymmetric distribution of molecules in polarized cells is a hallmark of metazoan development. For example, one characteristic of the anterior posterior axis of Drosophila oocytes is the concentration of bicoid RNA at the anterior pole and oskar RNA at the posterior pole. Polarization in neurons is evident not only by axonal and dendritic extensions, but also by the mRNAs that they contain,.
Alzheimer’s disease  is the most prevalent form of dementia worldwide. Amyloidogenesis results from the successive proteolysis of the membrane tethered amyloid precursor protein . First, APP is cleaved by a β secretase, releasing a large soluble fraction of APP into the milieu.
Conventional chemoradiation  for locally or regionally advanced squamous cell head and neck cancer  results in 2 year progression free survival  rates of only approximately 35% . Relapse has historically been predominantly locoregional . Cetuximab with RT improved locoregional control and survival compared to RT alone .
Neonatal strokes occur in ~1 per 4000 term births and commonly present with acute seizures . Thus stroke in the developing brain is a significant cause of associated neurological co morbidities that persist into adulthood . The data in the immature brain is controversial; some data show an increase in the survival of hippocampal precursor neurons and others show a decrease in the survival of this cell population .
The nervous system regulates epithelial homeostasis in different ways, and this regulation by the nervous system partly involves modulation of stem and progenitor cells . There is also crosstalk between tumor cells and nerves, such that tumors induce active neurogenesis, resulting in increased neuronal density in preneoplastic and neoplastic tissues . In addition, activation of muscarinic receptors has been shown to promote cell transformation and cancer progression .
More than 750,000 new strokes occur each year in the USA alone. Worldwide, stroke is responsible for approximately 4.4 million deaths  annually . As life expectancy increases, the incidence of stroke will continue to rise  and improvements in medical care will increase survival rates, leading to increased numbers of stroke survivors in our communities .
Systemic lupus erythematosus  patients have a 5 fold greater risk of myocardial infarction, occurring at a mean age of 49 , leading to a bimodal pattern of death where cardiovascular disease  is a leading cause of mortality 10 years after diagnosis of SLE . Young women  with SLE are approximately 50 times more likely to have an MI versus age matched control subjects . Relative risk in a separate SLE cohort for MI or stroke was 10.1 and 7.9, respectively, even after controlling for Framingham factors .
Alcohol misuse among college students continues to be a significant public health concern, marked by negative consequences . Research on naturalistic change among adults demonstrates that risky drinkers often make changes to their drinking without treatment . Other variables have yet to be examined .
Poxviruses are large, complex, enveloped DNA viruses that replicate in the cytoplasm of infected cells . Two major infectious forms of VACV have been characterized. Thus, the EV is essentially a MV with an additional lipoprotein membrane.
Advances in donor management, organ preservation, surgical technique, post operative care and immunosuppression have improved overall survival rates following lung transplantation, but the incidence of lung ischemia reperfusion injury  remains unchanged at 20% . Characterization of the cellular mechanisms leading to the development of LIRI may lead to therapeutic interventions and improved outcomes . The early response occurs following 90 minutes of ischemia and 15 minutes of reperfusion and involves the nuclear translocation of proinflammatory transcription factors with subsequent upregulation of transcription and secretion of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines .
Hypoxic ischemic brain injury results in cerebral palsy , mental retardation or learning disabilities in surviving children . Hypoxia ischemia is also associated with subsequent cerebral injury in a disproportionately high percentage of the survivors of premature birth ; ). We have generated a rabbit model of antenatal hypoxia at 70% gestation resulting in survivors that manifest early signs consistent with cerebral palsy ; ).
Mycobacteriosis is recognized as a significant disease problem in zebrafish research facilities . Findings range from overt disease outbreaks with high mortality to incidental findings where few fish show signs of disease. Several species of Mycobacterium have been identified, and experimental exposures indicate dramatic differences between species and strains .
In the CNS, myelin sheaths are elaborated by oligodendrocytes, which spirally ensheath segments of axons with multilayered compact membranes. Early experimental measurements suggest that myelin insulates the internodal axonal membrane by forming a high resistance, low capacitance compartment around the axon . Intracellular recordings in large myelinated fibers have substantiated this view, but demonstrate that myelin is less resistive than originally thought.
Pain perception is strongly modulated by dynamic adaptive processes e.g., , , . Although the degree of pain is driven by the intensity of a noxious stimulus, there is also a substantial portion of variance arising from temporal adaptation processes that may or may not interact with stimulus intensity , . The temporal dynamics of pain, and the ability to estimate them accurately, may hold keys to understanding multiple mechanisms of pain regulation, as well as the development of chronic pain , , ,  .
Colorectal cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer related mortality in the United States when both sexes are combined . It has been estimated that 5 to 10% of CRC cases are secondary to a genetic condition, with Lynch syndrome  being the most common Mendelian disorder predisposing to CRC and accounting for 3 to 5% of all CRC  . Lynch syndrome is secondary to the presence of germline mutations in the genes involved in the DNA mismatch repair  pathway: MLH1, MSH2, MSH6 and PMS2 .
Survival rates for lung cancer have been low for many years , mostly because the majority of patients present with advanced stage disease.. Lung cancer risk can be estimated by several factors that can be easily determined, including smoking history, age, previous tobacco related malignancy, family history of lung cancer and the presence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . However, clinical prediction based on these risk factors is poor at the individual level , and there is an urgent need for non invasive assays for early detection of lung cancer among smokers and former smokers.
The endogenous opioid peptides consist of the enkephalins, the endorphins and the dynorphins which are proteolytic products of proenkephalin, proopiomelanocortin, and prodynorphin, respectively. Dynorphin A  is one of the major proteolytic fragments of prodynorphin and is widely distributed in the central nervous system. Unlike the enkephalins or endorphins, however, administration of dynorphin A either systemically or intrathecally produces little or no antinociception,,.
The management of drug resistant HIV has improved dramatically with the recent approval of a number of highly effective antiretroviral drugs . Among these is raltegravir , the first clinically available inhibitor of HIV integrase. When used in combination with other active drugs, raltegravir has proven to be very potent, well tolerated, and highly effective  .
Within the uterus, the female sex steroids estrogen and progesterone play pivotal roles in the establishment of a suitable environment for embryo implantation and pregnancy. In order to bring about these changes, estrogen and progesterone must appropriately modulate the expression of a variety of factors which includes growth factors, cytokines, extracellular matrix proteins, and adhesion molecules . miRNAs are transcribed from specific genes which reside between protein coding genes, within introns of genes, within exons or which make up the entire intron .
The ability to easily evaluate respiratory function in children with asthma is of central importance in terms of following the course of disease. With respect to asthma clinical research, physiologic tests are commonly used to define the effects of intervention. However, this approach may have limitations.
The basal ganglia  are an evolutionarily conserved set of brain nuclei widely implicated in motor control and learning . The songbird area X, for example, is a specialized striato pallidal nucleus homologous to the mammalian basal ganglia  . The projection patterns of these two populations are similar to neurons in the internal  and external  segments of the primate globus pallidus, consistent with mounting evidence that the division of the BG into direct and indirect pallidal pathways has existed for over 300 million years, predating the division of birds, mammals and reptiles into separate classes  .
Monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance  is a precursor lesion for multiple myeloma , an incurable bone marrow malignancy with an annual incidence of approximately 4.6 per 100,000. Historically, MGUS has been characterized by evidence of immunoglobulin heavy chain  expression, but could therefore only account for 80% of MM cases since 20% of MM cases secrete no IgH . The prevalence and risk of progression of the premalignant precursor entity for these light chain only MM  cases is unknown .
Microtubules  are cytoskeletal polymeric structures that are assembled from heterodimers of α  and β tubulin proteins . Several parameters used to characterize MT dynamic instability include the rates of growth and shortening that together define dynamicity, and the frequency of transitioning between the two phases termed ‘catastrophe’ and ‘rescue’ . The complexity entailed in MT instability is essential to the biological functions that MTs perform during cell division, migration, and intracellular trafficking .
One common issue experienced by rare diseases patients, their families, and health professionals is the lack of information about a specific disorder . Several comprehensive sources of information about rare diseases have emerged in the past decade in the U.S. and in Europe, including the Genetic and Rare Diseases Information Center  , the Rare Disease Database created by the National Organization for Rare Disorders   and Orphanet . The Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man  is the oldest of these resources and provides extremely detailed information about human genes and genetic phenotypes, but is intended primarily for use by health professionals .
Synaptic information processing depends on the amplitude and time course of neurotransmitter release from presynaptic terminals. Therefore, modifications in vesicle endo  and exocytosis can lead to altered synaptic interactions and information coding in neural circuits ,  . While synchronous release provides rapid communication with postsynaptic neurons, asynchronous release modulates postsynaptic excitability within relatively long periods of time.
Rehospitalizations cost Medicare $17 billion annually, are potentially avoidable, and a publicly reported statistic . A variety of disease based strategies can reduce the need for rehospitalization. For example, starting inhaled corticosteroids during the index hospitalization for asthma patients is associated with a 40% reduction in rehospitalization.
A rise in the incidence of hepatitis C virus  infection among men who have sex with men  has been reported . In HIV negative individuals with recent HCV, sustained virological response  ranges from 57 88% with pegylated interferon  mono therapy ,  with no evidence of additional benefit for ribavirin . In those with HIV/HCV, treatment recommendations are less clear .
Exposure to arsenic is a major public health concern throughout the world. Whether the source is naturally occurring deposits or industrial and agricultural runoff, the primary route of human exposure is contaminated ground water. Long term arsenic exposure is associated with increased risks of numerous human cancers , and so, arsenic has been classified as a human carcinogen by both the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the IARC.
It is becoming increasingly evident that precise regulation of eukaryotic gene expression requires communication between cis acting elements through alterations in higher order chromatin structure . Upon Ig gene rearrangement, the germ line, unrearranged IgH and Igκ alleles become deposited into pericentromeric heterochromatin and silenced  . We found that the three transcriptional enhancers and rearranged V gene promoters exhibited B cell specific proximal interactions over 22 kb, with the intervening DNA looping out.
Managed care has been deployed as a cost containment policy in the Medicaid program for more than thirty years. In this paper, I offer one attempt to resolve these conflicts by comparing Medicaid health care expenditures for adults with disabilities  across three Medicaid program types, FFS, mandatory managed care organizations  and voluntary MCOs . First, particularly due to the challenge of setting accurate capitation rates in this population, capitated reimbursement may provide a strong incentive to MCOs to reduce care provision in general.
Magnetic resonance microscopy  has become a standard tool for investigating cardiac structure and function in the mouse. The majority of MR work on mice has been done with 2D acquisition methods with limited resolution along the third axis . 3D studies have shown promise in the clinical arena as they increase signal to noise ratio  per unit time and allow for higher in plane resolution, ultimately allowing more sensitive calculation of cardiac function.
Mucolipidosis type IV  is a human lysosomal storage disorder caused by dysfunction of the mucolipin 1  protein . Clinical manifestations of ML IV include neuromotor retardation, retinal degeneration, corneal opacity, and gastric abnormality . TRPML1 belongs to the transient receptor potential  superfamily of ion channels.
The increased signal to noise ratio  at the static magnetic field  of 3T may improve cardiac MRI and MR spectroscopy  applications that are constrained by limited SNR at 1.5T . Noeske et al reported B0 field variations over the left ventricle  of ±130Hz . Furthermore, the overall increased B0 inhomogeneity makes the determination of the on resonance frequency f0 more challenging.
Bronchopulmonary dysplasia  develops in about 25% of very low birth weight infants, and remains a major cause of pulmonary morbidity and mortality in infancy . While the effects of oxygen toxicity on the pulmonary vasculature of the immature lung are well established , lipopolysaccharide  mediated endothelial injury can contribute to the vascular remodeling seen in BPD  by inhibiting endothelial cell proliferation, migration and angiogenesis. In premature infants, exposure to bacteria is common, can occur in utero or postnatally, and is associated with subsequent development of BPD .
Latinos are the largest and fastest growing ethnic minority group in the United States . A distinctive characteristic of the U.S. Latino population is its large number of immigrants. Today, the majority of immigrants gaining entry into the United States are Latino .
The use of alternative and complementary medicine has soared in popularity with patients, not just for improvement of baseline health, but even in the management of chronic conditions like psoriasis , . There is a growing body of popular and scientific literature for the use of nutritional supplementation in the treatment of psoriasis. With this information readily available, patients often perform independent research and ask their dermatologists about what they can add to their diets to make their condition more manageable.
The edge chipping test was originally developed in the late 1980s to study hard metal cutting tools at the National Physical Laboratory in London . Chips are formed by advancing an indenter into a material near an edge as shown in the insert of . This work has continued the ensuing years  including three papers in this Journal in 2014.
Alzheimer's disease  and its prodromal state, mild cognitive impairment , cause early episodic memory deficits . Later in its course, AD causes abnormally rapid decline in non memory cognitive domains and eventually leads to deterioration of most or all aspects of cognitive functioning . Because factors such as age and education play a role in determining AD risk and rate of cognitive decline, neuropsychological tests should also be capable of accounting for these individual differences  .
Contrast enhanced coronary MR angiography  has been proven to be a promising technique for high quality anatomic imaging of coronary arteries . Recently, Bi et al proposed a slow contrast injection scheme for whole heart coronary MRA . An empirical acquisition delay of 25  or 60  seconds was used.
Little is known about the frequency of persistent pain after endodontic procedures, even though pain is a core patient oriented outcome. We estimated the frequency of persistent pain, regardless of etiology, following endondontic treatment . Persistent tooth pain was defined as pain present ≥ 6 months after endodontic treatment.
During the past decade, gene expression profiling has become a powerful tool for predicting risk of breast cancer recurrence and mortality. Several gene expression profiles have been found to predict risk of recurrence in untreated breast cancer patients and in those treated with hormonal therapy and/or chemotherapy . Oncotype DX is a commercially available, validated 21 gene assay that quantifies risk of distant recurrence in node negative , estrogen receptor positive , tamoxifen treated breast cancer patients .
DJ 1 is one of the genes that cause inherited forms of Parkinson's disease  when mutated . DJ 1  maps to chromosome 1p36  and encodes a 189 amino acid protein. Mutations in this gene were originally found to segregate with PD in two consanguineous families, one with a large genomic deletion leading to absence of gene product, and the other with a missense mutation substituting a highly conserved leucine with a proline at position 166  .
Diffusion weighted magnetic resonance imaging  shows promise as an imaging biomarker for treatment response in glioma patients  as well as in a variety of other clinical tumor types . Routine in almost all preclinical and clinical scanners, diffusion maps can be generated from a minimum of two images acquired at low  and high  diffusion weightings. This initial report has been verified and expanded by ensuing publications using different tumor models and therapeutic agents , supporting the use of diffusion MRI as a sensitive imaging biomarker capable of detecting early cellular changes in treated tumors which precede macroscopic volumetric response .
Thiol disulfide exchange reactions are universal among all living cells. The two basic functions of the system are to supply electrons to biosynthetic enzymes, including ribonucleotide reductase, methionine sulfoxide reductase, and sulfate reductases, and to reduce inter  and intramolecular disulfides in oxidized proteins. The thioredoxin system also serves a critical role in protection from oxidative stress in many organisms .
P70S6K1 is activated through PI3K  and MAPK pathways . P70S6K1 is known to regulate cell growth by inducing protein synthesis. PTEN is a molecular inhibitor of PI3K.
Innate lymphoid cells  are emerging as important effector cells in innate immunity and tissue homeostasis . Type 2 ILCs  produce Th2 cytokines, such as IL 5 and IL 13, and play important roles in a variety of immune responses, including immunity to helminths, airway and skin inflammation, and tissue remodeling . However, we have limited knowledge about the ability of ILC2s to work together with other immune cells.
The Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, caused by a novel coronavirus  infected 8000 individuals in 2002 2003, with an approximate 10% mortality rate . From these initial studies, several salient observations emerged. Second, SARS CoV vaccines were more effective in young than aged animal populations, in terms of protection from clinical disease and the development of a neutralizing antibody response .
Over 500 evidence based treatments  for child and adolescent mental health disorders exist, many with multiple randomized controlled trials  supporting their efficacy in improving outcomes and functioning., Organizational champions  individuals who make use of their reputations and informal status to support a change effort  have been identified as an important facilitator in theoretical models of implementation. Empirical studies support the effectiveness of local champions in facilitating implementation, particularly in its earlier phases . The most commonly used implementation strategy has been in person training for mental health professionals.
Point resolved spectroscopy  combined with 3 D phase encoding is commonly used for acquiring clinical magnetic resonance spectroscopic imaging  data. This provides metabolic data with excellent quality for patients with brain tumors and has been shown to be important for defining tumor burden . This method is currently limited by how much of the anatomic lesion can be covered within a single examination.
Cannabis is the world's most popular illicit substance. Over a similar time period, there also appears to have been a marked change in the constituents of the cannabis available on the street . Cannabis contains around 70 different chemicals which are unique to the plant and called cannabinoids.
The present study investigated the rate and pattern of neuropsychological recovery in heavy episodic drinking teens during the initial days to weeks of abstinence from alcohol . Adolescents  with histories of heavy episodic drinking  and socio demographically similar control teens  were recruited from San Diego area schools. HED and CON were comparable on 5th grade standardized math and language arts test performance to ensure similar functioning prior to onset of substance use.
Fibrates are lipid lowering drugs and they are used in patients with hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia. Fibrates activate peroxisome proliferator activated receptors  with a higher affinity for PPARα than that for PPARγ and PPARδ . PPARs are ligand activated transcription factors belonging to the nuclear receptor family.
Neurogenesis continues throughout adulthood in vertebrates, due to endogenous progenitor cells which could be useful for brain repair . Growth factors are important components of stem cell niches . Neurotrophins are well known for promoting neuronal survival and for modulating synaptic plasticity .
Prostate cancer is the second most frequently diagnosed cancer in men worldwide . These deficiencies have resulted in an increased number of painful biopsies, over treatment of the disease and undesired side effects  for patients. PET and PET/CT imaging techniques employing   and  labeled choline have also been used for the detection of prostate cancers and have shown particular benefit with the evaluation of disease recurrence  .
HDL levels are inversely related to the incidence of cardiovascular disease, and increasing HDL can reduce atherosclerosis in animal models. , A principal anti atherogenic property of HDL is thought to be its ability to promote cholesterol efflux from macrophage foam cells. In addition, HDL has been described to have various anti inflammatory properties, including its ability to bind lipopolysaccharide, to remove oxidized lipids from LDL and to carry enzymes such as platelet activating factor acetylhydrolase  and paraoxonase  which inactivate oxidized phospholipids.
Interests in the biochemistry of animal venoms started decades ago. One that has caught the attention of biologists, neuroscientists and the pharmaceutical industry is the venom of Conus species of marine gastropods, each of which contain a potent cocktail of 100 200 neuroactive peptides. Subsequent studies on many conotoxins from different species indicated that the prepropeptides of conotoxins belonging to the same superfamily have a highly conserved signal sequence , a relatively conserved pro region, and a highly variable C terminal toxin encoding region.
Plasmodium falciparum, the most virulent of the parasites causing human malaria, has the unique ability to sequester in the vasculature of diverse host organs. Sequestration resulting from the adherence of erythrocytes that contain mature forms of P. falciparum  to the vascular endothelium occurs in all infections. However, several adhesive phenotypes have been associated with severe pathological outcomes of malaria, such as the formation of rosettes, and the sequestration of infected erythrocytes  in the microvasculature of the brain and the placenta.
The recent development of metabolic imaging of hyperpolarized 13C labeled compounds  presents new opportunities for the in vivo investigation of metabolism under normal and pathologic conditions. One of the technical challenges is the limited time available for imaging before the hyperpolarized signal has decayed to thermal equilibrium levels. An alternative strategy for exploiting spectral sparsity is undersampled spiral CSI .
Solid tumors possess a variety of physiological abnormalities that pose a barrier for conventional non surgical therapies . Additionally, the extracellular matrix  of tumors is reactive and contractile, supporting vascular proliferation and exerting mechanical stress on blood vessels to further compromise perfusion . Elevations in IFP result in reduction of transvascular hydrostatic pressure gradients.
WT1 is a zinc finger transcription factor that can activate or repress target genes that control cell growth and development. WT1 is subject to alternative splicing in two regions; a 17 amino acid insertion within the central region of the protein  and the insertion of three amino acids  within the zinc finger region . WT1 is expressed in several organs and tissues of the embryo and is particularly important for the development of the urogenital system where it functions as a tumor suppressor,.
Flow cytometry has traditionally been a manually intensive technique. However, automated high throughput FCM methods have recently been developed to rapidly collect large data sets with complexities similar to gene microarrays . The large amount of complex information generated by high throughput technologies needs to be processed in an automated, well describable way.
The mechanisms by which alcohol causes cell injury are still not clear. Bradford et al  reported that CYP2E1 but not NADPH oxidase was required for ethanol induced oxidative DNA damage in rodent liver and may play a key role in ethanol associated hepatocarcinogenesis, whereas NADPH oxidase but not CYP2E1 played the major role in ethanol induced hepatotoxicity. There is also a need to evaluate the role of CYP2E1 in the actions of ethanol in oral models of ethanol administration.
In living cells, intense electric pulses of nanosecond duration  impair the barrier function of membranous structures, including the plasma membrane, endoplasmic reticulum, and mitochondria . The membrane defects produced by nsEP have been intensively studied experimentally  as well as by molecular dynamics  and other simulation techniques , but their exact nature remains elusive . This pore size was established both by the selective uptake of smaller dye molecules and ions , and by blockage of cell swelling using solutes too large to pass through the pores .
Adult Purkinje cells each receive input from a single climbing fiber , which makes hundreds of synapses across its highly branched main dendrites . Understanding complex spike generation is therefore essential for understanding information processing and plasticity in Purkinje cells . The mechanism of complex spike generation has been debated for decades .
Coronary artery disease is the leading cause of death in the western world, and is responsible for approximately 450,000 deaths per year in the United States . High field MRI platforms can also lead to improved SNR, which is roughly proportional to the static magnetic field strength. However, SSFP imaging suffers from sensitivity to B0 inhomogeneity .
Dysregulated production of nitric oxide  is implicated in the pathogenesis of heart transplant failure, although the mechanisms by which this occurs in humans remains incompletely defined. NO has several biological properties that are concentration and cell source dependent. For instance, NO promotes T cell activation at low levels, but suppresses T cell responses at high concentrations.
Students with math difficulties  demonstrate varying levels of reading performance: Some students perform adequately in reading, whereas others demonstrate concurrent reading difficulties . As proposed by , this dichotomy may represent a productive scheme for subtyping MD . Deficits in phonological processing hinder acquisition of vocabulary and math facts, therefore leading to MDRD.
Mitochondria produce ATP that fuels excitation contraction coupling. They are also sources of damaging reactive oxygen species . Preserving cardiac mitochondrial health is therefore essential to maintaining normal cardiac function.
Murine models of rheumatoid arthritis  like disease have been essential for our understanding of disease pathogenesis and for preclinical testing of therapeutic agents. Autoreactive T cells prime B cells to secrete anti G6PI autoantibodies, which form antigen antibody immune complexes  in serum and tissues. Thus, the K/BxN serum transfer induced arthritis  model is ideal for establishing the kinetics of disease onset and resolution, while the K/BxAg7 model demonstrates the effects of chronic arthritis on bone and soft tissue structures .
The TIM proteins are a recently discovered family of molecules that play critical roles in the regulation of effector T cells. TIM 3 was shown to be an important regulator of pro inflammatory immune responses, notably in the central nervous system , as blocking the TIM 3 pathway using anti TIM 3 mAbs or TIM 3 Ig fusion proteins in mice led to increased proliferation and IFNγ production in Th1 cells and exacerbated the clinical and pathological features of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis  . TIM 3 expressing CD4+ and CD8+ T cells produce reduced amounts of cytokines or are less proliferative in response to antigens .
  This was a prospective observational study conducted at an academic, tertiary care ED. A satisfaction survey was conducted to determine the perceived value of this service to ED staff. This study received approval from the Institutional Review Board prior to initiation .
Until recently, the vertebrate crown group within chordates was thought to be characterized by at least two unique features, ectodermal neurogenic placodes and migrating neural crest cells. Tunicates, or urochordates, which had been assigned the basal node of the extant chordates, were largely overlooked with respect to these features as they were believed not to share as recent an ancestry as cephalochordates and vertebrates . Among these are neural crest or crest like cells , and the topic of this paper, neurogenic placodes   focal thickenings within epidermis in the head region that give rise to sensory structures.
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a chronic, progressive autoimmune disease primarily affecting the synovial joints and causing both significant morbidity and increased mortality . Pro inflammatory CD4+ T cells have been divided into Th1, Th2, and Th17 subsets based on their production of IFN γ, IL 4 and IL 17 respectively. Complete elimination of IFN γ or IFN γ receptor signaling leads to exacerbation of disease .
The Dominican Republic  has a long history of innovative HIV prevention programs in the female commercial sex industry. An environmental structural intervention integrating community solidarity and government policy strategies demonstrated significant reductions in sexually transmitted infections  and increases in condom use among female sex workers in the DR . Continued HIV related vulnerability, however, as documented by the frequency of STI and gaps in consistent condom use with regular partners, indicates the need to continue building upon these efforts.
Arsenic is a widely distributed environmental toxicant that can cause multi tissue pathologies. Proteomic assays allow for the identification of biological processes modulated by arsenic in diverse tissue types . The altered abundance of proteins from HaCaT human keratinocyte cell line exposed to arsenic was quantified using a label free LC MS/MS mass spectrometry workflow.
Quantifying changes in gastroduodenal permeability became more practical after Meddings et al introduced the sucrose permeability test in 1993 as a non invasive measure for assessing the extent of gastroduodenal damage induced by non steroidal anti inflammatory agents . Subsequently, several studies showed that abnormal gastroduodenal permeability to sucrose is a reasonable marker for the presence of gastroduodenal injury in NSAID users . Other researchers used sucrose permeability tests to assess damage to the gastroduodenal mucosa induced by oral corticosteroids , intense exercise , Helicobacter pylori infection , atrophic gastritis , Crohn’s disease , celiac disease , coffee , smoking  or a combination of these damaging factors  .
Virtual screening, a process in which ligands are docked to the structure of a target receptor and ranked according to their interactions with the receptor, has become an integral part of identifying lead compounds in modern drug discovery. Accurately ranking closely related cogeners is essential to successfully guide the design of optimized leads; incorporating the flexibility of the target receptor and the ligand while considering their conformations is critical to achieving accurate ranking results. Ensembles can be generated by compiling experimentally determined structures or stochastically determined conformations via molecular dynamics .
Adherence, or the degree to which program components are delivered as prescribed, is an important aspect of the multidimensional construct of program fidelity. However, when efficacious programs are translated into real world settings, implementation fidelity may vary greatly across sites, and changes in delivery from the program as intended may result in lower program effectiveness . When adherence is measured, studies generally report global assessments of how much or how well program content was implemented  for example, adherence may be calculated as the percentage of prescribed program elements that were actually delivered in an implementation.
Mitochondria play a central role in energy metabolism, in which mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation is an extremely efficient system to produce energy required for the body . Although reactive oxygen species  are a natural byproduct during the normal oxidative phosphorylation process, increased production of ROS and decline of mitochondrial respiratory capacity is observed during aging . Oxidation of cell components by ROS affects the function of various tissues and organs with age .
Application of convection enhanced delivery  to intracerebral dosing of therapeutic molecules is intended as a method to maximize distribution per inoculation , minimizing the risks associated to multiple injections sites . CED combined with Intraoperative Magnetic Resonance Imaging  increases targeting accuracy and allows monitoring of the infusion cloud . In the last decade, adeno associated virus  serotype 2  has been the vector of choice for preclinical and clinical research in the central nervous system.
Discovery of central nervous system  drugs is challenging due to the complexity of neurological disorders, the paucity of pre clinical models with proven human translational value, and the persistent difficulty of delivering drug molecules across the blood brain barrier  to achieve optimal CNS exposure. The brain to plasma distribution ratio has been widely used in drug discovery as an index of brain penetration . A number of CNS drug discovery groups  have proposed optimization strategies based on an integrated use of BBB permeability, the effect of efflux transport, and nonspecific plasma and brain tissue binding, to ultimately characterize brain penetration in terms of unbound drug brain distribution: Kp,uuin vitro = Cu,brain/Cu,plasma, where Cu,brain and Cu,plasma are the unbound concentrations in the brain  homogenate and plasma, respectively.
Muscle fatigue is defined as “any exercise induced loss of ability to produce force with a muscle or muscle group” , and can result from failure at one or more sites along the motor pathway originating from the central nervous system and ending with force loss through cross bridge cycling. Muscle fatigue has been documented as task dependent, meaning that fatigue and its mechanisms vary depending on the task the muscle performs . The cause of muscle fatigue may depend on task performance and is important to developing task specific training interventions .
Calcium hydroxide aqueous slurry is widely used as an inter appointment antimicrobial dressing in root canal treatment . Dentin tubules in root canal walls have been shown to harbor microorganisms . The penetration of microorganisms into dentin tubules in infected teeth is generally reported between 50 and 100 μm .
After acute antigen challenge, T cells rapidly activate, proliferate and differentiate into effector cells and then subsequently contract in number. It is believed that co stimulatory signaling may be more influential during early stages of an immune response, while co inhibitory signaling may play a dominant role in later stages, aiding T cell contraction. Recently, the co inhibitory PD 1 receptor has been shown to participate in restraining the CTL response at the later contraction stage of the immune response to infection, thus contributing to persistent infection .
Ovarian cancer is the leading cause of death from gynecological malignancies . The current standard for management of ovarian cancer is cytoreductive surgery and platinum drugs based combination chemotherapy with taxanes . Ovarian cancer has been shown to be one of the potential therapeutic targets of TRAIL .
Class Ia ribonucleotide reductases  play a crucial role in DNA replication and repair catalyzing the reduction of nucleoside 5′ diphosphates  to 2′ deoxynucleoside 5′ diphosphates . A crystal structure of the class Ib RNR from Salmonella typhimurium containing both subunits has also been reported at 4.5 Å resolution and may be indicative of an intermediate in the formation of the active RNR complex that has remained elusive. This distance is too large for electron tunneling, given the enzyme’s turnover number of 1 10 s−1.
Both pH and temperature are vital indicators of normal metabolism and physiology in the central nervous system. On the other hand, infrared spectroscopy methods are far less invasive to provide better temperature distributions . In contrast, magnetic resonance imaging  and spectroscopy  allow measurements of both temperature  and pH  non invasively using variations of relaxation times, diffusion constants, or chemical shifts of various molecules  both endogenous , inorganic phosphate , phosphocreatine ) and exogenous  .
Transmission of Schistosoma mansoni and subsequent infection of human hosts are influenced by a large number of variables that are important not only to maintain the parasite life cycle but also to determine the outcome and severity of the disease. Among these factors are those related to the environment, particularly surface water distribution, presence of the snail intermediate host, and also factors related to the human host such as age, sex, water contact behavior, type of water supply, genetics, immune response and physiology . Indeed, several studies have been carried out to understand how epidemiological, socioeconomic and behavioral factors can affect the transmission and prevalence of infection  .
Episodic memory allows us to remember past events with a striking level of detail and specificity. Even for types of events we have experienced hundreds of times , we can often vividly remember an individual event within the series . How does the brain accomplish this amazing feat?
In a recent study we found that orthographically familiar forms of German nouns compared to orthographically unfamiliar forms of the very same phonological words  led to reduced activation in a region of the left visual ventral pathway, in left inferior parietal regions and in a large left inferior frontal language region . In a preceding study, we identified a large left occipitotemporal region, which included the VWFA, to be modulated by the frequency with which the words were encountered in print . We reasoned that despite the unexpected similarity of the ERPs elicited by letter case format and orthographic format violations, different brain regions may respond to the different types of deviance from the familiar pattern.
Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug used to prevent cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndromes or a history of stroke, myocardial infarction, or peripheral arterial disease. Antiplatelet responses, as measured by ex vivo platelet function testing or aggregometry, are small or absent in approximately one third of patients. CYP2C19, a genetically polymorphic drug metabolizing enzyme, is one of several cytochrome P450 drug metabolizing enzymes that are involved in the two oxidative steps that generate the active metabolite of clopidogrel., Based on CYP2C19 genotype, patients can be classified as ultrarapid , extensive , intermediate , or poor clopidogrel metabolizers .
The dysfunction of glycogen synthase kinase 3β has been implicated in a number of diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease. The ability to non invasively quantify GSK 3βactivity in vivo is therefore of critical importance, and this work is focused upon development of inhibitors of GSK 3βradiolabeled with carbon 11 to examine quantification of the enzyme using positron emission tomography  imaging . PyrATP 1 was prepared from the corresponding desmethyl piperazine precursor in an automated synthesis module.
Histone deacetylases  represent a promising new target for drug development in cancer therapy. There are four classes of HDACs, which group the eleven known HDACs according to their homology with yeast deacetylases . The diversity of differentially acetylated proteins may in part explain why treatment of cancer cells with HDAC inhibitors leads to increased differentiation, growth arrest, and apoptosis.
Metals and alloys are the most commonly used materials for engineering surgically implantable devices in humans. Titanium in particular shows properties which render it a very suitable implant based on its durability and the passively formed oxide film on the metallic surface . Accordingly, titanium is now used extensively as a biomaterial in the fields of orthopedic surgery , plastic surgery , dental surgery  and cardiovascular surgery .
Non small cell lung cancer  is a leading cause of cancer related death. These enzymes catalyze the conversion of phosphatidylinositol biphosphate  to phosphatidylinositol triphosphate . Moreover, phospho S6 , a downstream target of the PI3K signaling pathway, is upregulated upon oncogenic K Ras induction in NSCLC of transgenic mice  .
Breast cancer ranks as the most common cancer in African American women and is the second leading cause of cancer deaths within low income populations . Although the occurrence of breast cancer in African American women is less than in Caucasians, the five year survival is only 75 percent as compared to 89 percent for Caucasians . It has been estimated that as much as one half of the disparity in breast cancer mortality for African American women, as compared to Caucasian women, can be explained by less frequent breast cancer screening that would have led to treatment at earlier stages of disease when the survival rates are much more favorable  .
Lung cancer, of which 8090% is non small cell lung cancer , has been the leading cause of cancer death in the U.S since the late 1960’s , with median survival below 8 months for disease stages III and IV . However, lung cancer mortality and survival rates vary markedly by race and ethnicity , such that the public health burden of the disease differs by population subgroup. Although randomized clinical trials  and some population based studies  have pointed to better survival among Asian NSCLC patients compared with non Asian patients, little is known about NSCLC survival differences among specific Asian and Pacific Islander  ethnic groups.
Vision loss due to posterior eye diseases, such as age related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, glaucoma, and retinitis pigmentosa, accounts for most of the irreversible blindness world wide . Systemic administration requires high doses of drugs and has the potential of causing systemic toxicities . Due to these various problems, a safe, effective, and robust drug delivery method is needed .
The vast majority of people in the contemporary US experience sexual debut sometime during adolescence and prior to marriage . Despite this statistical normality, the characterization of adolescent sexual initiation as problematic in the US is largely accepted. Concern about unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections , which are more likely with younger ages at debut , is one rationale for characterizing adolescent debut as a problem behavior.
GnRH neurons form the final common pathway for the central regulation of fertility. GnRH is typically released in pulses of varying frequencies . The gonadal steroid estradiol is a critical feedback regulator of GnRH neurons, and is involved in both suppression of episodic release  and induction of the surge mode of release  .
Each year, more than 175,000 Americans are diagnosed with acute respiratory distress syndrome  . Despite management advances such as the use of lung protective ventilation , ARDS continues to be associated with high morbidity and approximately 30 40% mortality . Patients who develop severe ARDS are typically under represented in clinical trials.
MicroRNAs are evolutionarily conserved, 2025 nucleotide long, non coding RNAs which bind to their targets through partial complementary sequence recognition. This results in either degradation of mRNA or inhibition of translation, thus modulating expression of miRNA targets . Therefore, it is not surprising that miRNAs are involved in diverse biological processes, including cell differentiation, proliferation, and apoptosis presumably through a myriad of targets  .
Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by impairments in social functioning, stereotypica, including mental retardation , and seizure disorders, including epilepsy , are often comorbid with autism . Gamma aminobutyric acid  is the main inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain. There are three classes of GABA receptors: GABAA, GABAB, and GABAC.
Accidental exposure to high doses of ionizing radiation often results in death due to multiple organ dysfunction. We previously developed a rat model of total body irradiation followed by a bone marrow transplant  using a 11 Gy single dose of X ray that did not cause gastrointestinal  toxicity . Rats were followed to 100 days and damage to the lung was assessed from 4280 days by multiple end points including histopathology.
The primary motor function of the stomach is to receive, store and prepare food for digestion . In addition, intrinsic neural reflex pathways participate in gastric accommodation to distension . Disturbances of these regulatory systems are thought to underlie functional disorders such as functional dyspepsia, in which relaxation of the gastric fundus in response to food intake is often impaired  .
Xenotransplantation promises an unlimited supply of organs for clinical use. Pigs are thought to be the most suitable source of xenografts . Nonetheless, acute humoral xenograft rejection  ensues and leads to intravascular thrombosis .
One possible mechanism of higher cardiovascular mortality associated with the metabolic syndrome  may be through abnormal modulation in autonomic tone . The Twins Heart Study  is an investigation of psychological, behavioral and biological risk factors for subclinical cardiovascular disease using twins. Participants were selected from the Vietnam Era Twin  Registry, a cohort of 7369 middle aged male male twin pairs both of whom served in the United States military during the Vietnam War.
Carbon monoxide  is a tasteless, odorless gaseous pollutant ubiquitous in the outdoor atmosphere, that is generated by combustion. Findings of earlier epidemiological studies were mixed, and few recent epidemiological studies have been conducted. Little research has been done on the potential adverse health effects in humans from current ambient exposure to generally low CO levels.
Exposure to trauma is common among individuals with substance use disorders , particularly among those with opioid related disorders, and is associated with elevated rates of posttraumatic stress disorder . , Lifetime prevalence estimates of PTSD among patients in methadone maintenance treatment  exceed those for the general population and vary from 14 to 41%. ,,,,, While the importance of diagnosing and treating PTSD in SUD treatment settings has been emphasized,, the extent to which MMT patients with and without chronic pain differ on lifetime trauma exposure and current PTSD symptoms is unclear .
The proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells  plays a critical role in the formation of vascular lesions, and is the major pathophysiologic mechanism responsible for the failure of interventional therapeutic approaches to treat occlusive vascular disorders, including vein bypass failure, transplant arteriosclerosis, and restenosis after balloon angioplasty . With the recognition of the essential involvement of VSMC proliferation in occlusive vascular disorders, considerable effort has been directed at characterizing biochemical and molecular pathways that regulate the proliferative response of VSMC following arterial injury. Arginase is a binuclear manganese metalloenzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of L arginine to L ornithine and urea .
The prevalence of autism spectrum disorders  has increased since the early 1990s . One in 88 American children have an ASD, a 78% increase from 2002 to 2008 . Consequently, there are a growing number of adolescents with an ASD transitioning into adulthood.
Up to 15,000 children in the United States suffer an out of hospital cardiac arrest  every year. Between 10 and 30% of pediatric OHCA patients treated in the field have sustained return of spontaneous circulation  and survive to be admitted to a pediatric intensive care unit . Of these, <40% survive to hospital discharge.
The last 20 years have witnessed remarkable progress in understanding the cellular origins and molecular mechanisms involved in the development of B cell lineage neoplasms. It is well established that these B cell intrinsic molecular changes are not sufficient to fully induce transformation  and that secondary genetic mutations and other factors have important roles in the pathogenesis of B cell malignancies. They include engagement of the B cell receptor  by self or microbial antigens , influences mediated by T cells activated by microbial pathogens , host inflammatory responses , and the interface between tumor cells and stromal elements such as collagen interactions with integrins and other receptors .
Early adolescents are at a pivotal time in their lives regarding personal decisions that impact their future health. In an all too common scenario, many adolescents confront life changing difficulties after adopting risky behaviors  . Today’s youth are disproportionately affected by HIV/AIDS.
Monoacylglycerol lipase  is a 33 kDa, peripherally associated membrane enzyme of the serine hydrolase superfamily that catalyzes the hydrolysis of monoacylglycerols  to free fatty acid and glycerol . Beyond its initially described contribution to lipolysis in adipose tissue, MAGL has also been proposed to degrade the endogenous cannabinoid  2 arachidonoylglycerol   in the nervous system . 2 AG, along with a second endocannabinoid anandamide  , are signaling lipids that activate the cannabinoid receptors CB1  and CB2 , two G protein coupled receptors that also mediate the neurobehavioral and immunosuppressive effects of the pyschoactive component of marijuana, Δ9 tetrahydocannabinol  .
Transient protein modification is an essential regulatory mechanism for many biological processes. One type of transient modification, phosphorylation, is predicted to occur on approximately 1/3 of the total proteins encoded within the human genome,. Since the majority of Ser/Thr phosphorylation sites are reversible, the specificity of the phosphatases appears to be low when compared to Ser/Thr kinases .
Y box binding protein 1  is expressed in over 40% of breast cancers, but is most commonly associated with the estrogen receptor  negative subtypes . The activity of YB 1 is contingent upon phosphorylation of its serine 102 residue by p90 ribosomal S6 kinase  . These cells share important properties with classical tissue stem cells including self renewal and multi lineage differentiation capacity .
Fc receptors  are cell surface molecules primarily expressed on effector leucocytes of the innate immune system and by binding immunoglobulins provide adaptive immunity with a cell based effector system . There are three classes of leukocyte IgG FcRs  in humans, the high affinity IgG receptor FcγRI  and the low affinity IgG receptors, FcγRII  and FcγRIII  . The two major genes of the huFcγRII family encode FcγRIIa and FcγRIIb and its splice variants.
Proteins have evolved to fold, associate and function within cells or in other physiological fluid media, where the concentration of macromolecules, including proteins, nucleic acids, and carbohydrates, can be as high as 400 g/L . In fact, the cytoplasm of most eukaryotic cells contain numerous compartments and organelles bound by extensively folded membranes, as well as fibrous structures of various types that are thought to occupy between 1525% of the total cytoplasmic volume . The thermodynamic consequences of this phenomenon are known as excluded volume effects .
The neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses are the most common cause of pediatric neurodegeneration worldwide. There are 9 different disease variants caused by mutations in 13 identified genes. The clinical presentations of these variants are all very similar, varying primarily in age of onset and speed of progression.
Lateralization is a basic organizational feature of the nervous system that is reflected in the fact that during the course of evolution the relative size of the corpus callosum and anterior commissure has decreased while the size of intrahemispheric circuitry has increased . These relative changes reflect the evolutionary emergence of new processes that are represented by local circuits in one or the other hemisphere. We have postulated that motor lateralization reflects the specialization of each arm hemisphere system for distinct and complimentary control processes .
Mn superoxide dismutase , one of the three mammalian superoxide dismutases, is encoded by a nuclear gene  and is then transported into the mitochondrial matrix. However the life span extension benefit has not been recapitulated in mammalian model systems  . The observation that MnSOD activity is often lower in tumors and transformed cells was made independently by two groups over 30 years ago .
Clinically overt heart failure is the endpoint of a long disease continuum characterized by progressive structural and functional changes of the heart, a dynamic process referred to as cardiac remodeling. Given the current burden of heart failure and the projected increase over the next 5 decades, it is important to understand factors that influence cardiac remodeling over the adult life course. LV mass is an important cardiac remodeling trait that is an intermediate phenotype for heart failure, and is also associated with increased risk for various cardiovascular disease  outcomes.
Hematopoietic stem cells  are able to self renew as well as give rise to all blood lineages. HSCs mainly reside in specialized bone marrow microenvironments, called HSC niches. However, the identity of these signals and the molecular mechanisms governing HSC fate largely remain elusive.
Overweight and obesity are at unprecedented levels. Advertisers capitalize on these responses, inundating potential customers with pictures of juicy hamburgers, crisp fries, and creamy chocolate desserts. Although some of these advertised foods may be healthy, the billions of advertising dollars spent every year by the fast food industry are mainly focused on marketing unhealthy food .
In both eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells, cytoskeletal proteins are likely to assemble in vivo into structures with a thickness greater than a single molecule and the formation of lateral interactions between individual filaments and their regulation may have important consequences for understanding filament assembly and function. Within the cell, these supramolecular structures arise mainly due to short range forces as a consequence of molecular crowding  as well as cytoskeletal binding proteins. An example of suprastructures formed in eukaryotic cells is the actin cytoskeleton, where parallel actin bundles have been observed near the cell surface in lamellopodia or filapodia.
Loss of cell polarization and luminal filling of mammary glands are crucial structural alterations in breast cancer . The expression of cancer related genes in breast epithelial cells can lead to disorganization of mammary gland structure in in vitro models and cause a pathology similar to epithelial tumors, indicating a critical requirement for the fidelity of tissue and cellular organization of acini . The Runx transcription factors  are essential for organogenesis, and mutations in these genes have been linked to several types of cancer .
Rhabdomyosarcomas are the largest subset of soft tissue sarcomas in infants and children and are highly heterogeneous, clinically aggressive tumors that show varying degrees of skeletal muscle differentiation . The two main histological patterns recognized include embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma  and alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma . Morphologic evaluation alone is often insufficient to make the distinction between ARMS and ERMS as some ARMS lack the alveolar architecture  and ERMS can be densely cellular and poorly differentiated .
Neurotransmission at chemical synapses is initiated by an action potential in the pre synaptic nerve terminal that opens Ca2+ channels and triggers exocytosis of neurotransmitter. The post synaptic impact of each event depends on the number of quanta released, the amount of neurotransmitter per quanta, and the post synaptic sensitivity. All three of these factors, and thus the overall efficiency of neurotransmission, depend on the recent firing activity of the neurons involved, a phenomenon referred to as synaptic short term plasticity .
Lung cancer is a devastating disease that affects over 200,000 individuals in the U.S. each year . Approximately 85% of all lung cancer cases have a link to cigarette smoke exposure . Logically, reduction or elimination of exposure to cigarette smoke would bring broad and important improvements to public health and this approach has been widely advocated.
Cytochromes P450  are obligatory enzymes in metabolism of cholesterol, steroid hormones and vitamin D3, in mitochondria . We are interested in delineation of structure/function relationships in P450s that initiate cholesterol transformations to bile acids and steroid hormones. Partial or complete lack of CYP11A1 activity results in a disorder of steroidogenesis in which cholesterol accumulates within the steroidogenic tissues, and the synthesis of all adrenal and gonadal steroids is impaired .
The first evidence incriminating Akt in oncogenesis was provided by studies of acute transforming viruses. Akt includes a family of related kinases, designated Akt1, Akt2 and Akt3 . The Akt kinases are downstream targets of receptor tyrosine kinases that signal through phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase  .
LTP in CA1 hippocampal pyramidal neurons is believed to represent one form of the cellular basis for learning and memory . NMDA type glutamate receptor  engagement induces elevation of intracellular calcium, which in turn activates Erk. This event is required for many types of LTP .
Substantial evidence exists to indicate that T cell responses can mediate the suppression and elimination of tumors in animal models and in human subjects . Certain tumors, including melanoma, may be associated with production of IL 5, IL 4, and IL 13 by CD4 and CD8 T cells , thereby adding an additional immunomodulating step that can repress host anti tumor responsiveness . McCarter et al showed that conditioned medium from in vitro cultures of melanoma cells could drive T cell lines toward a TH2 phenotype in co culture with MDDC .
Angiogenin  is a 14 kDa ribonuclease originally identified as an angiogenic protein  that has been shown to play an important role in tumor angiogenesis . Recently, ANG has been shown to be progressively upregulated in prostate cancer  and to play a direct role in cancer cell proliferation by constitutive nuclear translocation in cancer cells where it also stimulates rRNA transcription . PTEN has been shown to regulate cell size in association with its ability to regulate ribosome biogenesis .
The structural Microtubule Associated Proteins  of neurons consist of two classes,the HMW MAPs  and the Tau family. In contrast with MAP1a,b in which the MT binding domains are located in the N terminal domain , MAP2 and Tau isoforms contain tubulin binding motives in the C terminal domain while the N terminal domain of the molecules form a projection extending away from the MT wall . Both domains of structural MAPs contain numerous phosphorylation sites and are substrates for a large number of protein kinases , including the cAMP dependent protein kinase PKA bound to the N terminal domain of MAP2 , which was the first described member of the AKAP  family .
Alcohol abuse and dependence remain public health problems, with the worldwide prevalence of alcohol use disorders being 1.7% and the prevalence in the United States being 8.5% with an annual cost of 185 billion dollars . Whereas previous estimates of the ratio of men to women having an alcohol use disorder has varied between 1:2 and 1:3 , more recent data suggests the “gender gap” has been narrowing in younger and older populations . For example, there is ample evidence that both ethanol and nicotine increase extracellular dopamine  in the nucleus accumbens  and particular subunits for the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor  are implicated in ethanol’s stimulating effects .
TGFβ signals through a heterotetrameric receptor complex comprising type II receptors and type I receptors, both serine/threonine kinases, followed by a canonical SMAD dependent signaling cascade. The TGFβ SMAD cascade in epithelial cells is growth suppressive. The disruption of TGFβ SMAD suppressive signaling is advantageous for the cancer cells to grow .
CD4+ T helper cells can differentiate into different functional subsets defined by patterns of cytokine production , TH2, TH 17). Differentiation into these specialized subsets is mediated at least in part by the actions of specific signal transducer and activator of transcription  proteins  that control the transition of precursor cells into mature TH1, TH2, or TH 17 cells, respectively  . TH 17 cells produce IL 17A, IL 17F, IL 21, and IL 22, and are important in host defense against certain bacteria and fungi and implicated in autoimmune diseases including Crohn’s disease and psoriasis , .
Genital herpes is a chronic, lifelong disease caused by herpes simplex virus  that is characterized by unpredictable recurrences. However, more recently, it has been reported that in developed countries HSV 1 is now the main causative agent for primary genital herpes, especially among adolescents, women, and homosexual men . The clinical signs of genital herpes are indistinguishable between HSV 1 and HSV 2 .
Valsalva maneuver  is commonly used as a provocative maneuver to augment right to left shunting through patent foramen ovale . Obstructive sleep apnea  occurs when a sleeping patient attempts to inhale against an obstructed airway, and several reports suggest that OSA might also provoke right to left shunting. However, no previous studies explored the hemodynamic basis for this notion.
The extracellular signal regulated kinases ERK1/2 are among the most prominent signal transduction molecules through which extracellular stimuli are propagated from the cell surface to cytoplasmic and nuclear effectors. The mammalian neocortex arises from self renewing multipotent NPCs that initially generate neurons and subsequently produce glia. Disruption of the dynamics of NPC or IPC proliferation and differentiation result in alterations in cell number, cellular identity, and organization of the cortex  .
The human cerebral cortex was first mapped into more than 47 areas by histological descriptions such as cell shapes and packing density . Recent studies, using modern imaging techniques, have demonstrated the existence and correlation of different anatomical and functional areas in the cortex . For instance, there are motor , primary  and secondary  somatosensory, auditory  and visual areas  in the mouse cerebral cortex.
One out of every four children in the United States fails to achieve basic reading skills by the eighth grade . In addition to the motor impairments central to the diagnosis of CP, brain dysfunction may also result in cognitive problems, including learning disorders such as reading difficulties or speech and language skills. Phonemic awareness refers to the explicit awareness of phonemes as units of sound, and is associated with alphabetic literacy .
More than one billion children worldwide live in areas affected by armed conflict. Of these children, a majority live in sub Saharan Africa  . However, in many low income countries where conflict is widespread, scarce monetary or human resources are devoted to accurate measurement of mental health problems in children and adolescents, resulting in limited data to support claims about the burden of mental health disorders in young people or the outcomes of intervention research  .
Both stress urinary incontinence  and pelvic organ prolapse  are common conditions and many women will choose to undergo surgical treatment due to patient preference or dissatisfaction with conservative therapy. Because the prevalence of both SUI and POP have been shown to increase with age,  it is expected that the number of older women undergoing surgical treatment for these conditions will also increase. There is a growing body of evidence showing that although older women may be at higher risk for morbidity following procedures for pelvic floor disorders, the absolute risk of death is very small.
Major depressive disorder  is currently recognized as one of the leading causes of disease related disability worldwide and is predicted to be the leading cause by 2020 . Over the past 30 years, literature has amassed indicating that children and adolescents living with a depressed caregiver are at a substantial risk for a variety of developmental and adjustment difficulties. These difficulties can emerge and persist at any point from infancy through adulthood and include an increased risk for internalizing and externalizing problems  .
Prostate cancer is the second most fatal cancer among men in the United States, accounting for approximately 28,000 deaths in 2008 . Considerable epidemiologic attention in prostate cancer has focused on the vitamin D endocrine system and on calcium . Although numerous studies have investigated prostate cancer with respect to calcium intake from the diet, the subject of calcium in serum has received scarce attention, perhaps because calcium levels in serum are believed to be under strict homeostatic control.
Many methods of recombinant protein purification have been developed. The small size of the His tag, low cost, and ease of use have made it the most popular affinity tag available. The two most common E. coli contaminants are ArnA, a bifunctional enzyme involved in the modification of lipid A phosphates with aminoarabinose, and SlyD, a peptidyl prolyl cis/trans isomerase,.
Most proteins are marginally stable and degrade by numerous pathways in aqueous solution., At a laboratory scale, cryopreservation provides an effective way for researchers to preserve precious protein samples and standards, minimize interexperiment variability and maximize flexibility for experimental design and scheduling. Likewise, large scale cryopreservation is an important step in the manufacturing of therapeutic proteins. Freezethawing can cause aggregation of proteins, presumably because of protein structural perturbation caused by freezing., Freezing induced structural changes in proteins have been addressed previously in studies using confocal Raman microspectroscopy, fluorescence spectroscopy,,, and infrared microscopy to examine the structures of lysozyme, azurin, and lactate dehydrogenase.
PPARγ, a dynamic nuclear transcriptional regulator, has well characterized roles in adipocyte differentiation, lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity, . Clinically PPARγ is the molecular target of the insulin sensitizing thiazolidinedione  class of drugs that includes rosiglitazone and pioglitazone. In the PROACTIVE trial, the PPARγ agonist pioglitazone had beneficial effects on the combined secondary endpoints of myocardial infarction, stroke and death.
In the retinal inner plexiform layer , rod and cone pathways are linked to output ganglion cells via abundant gap junctions . Of 20 gap junction forming connexin proteins in the mouse genome , mRNA or protein for only two connexins, Cx36 and Cx45, are detected in neurons of mouse IPL . Cx36 containing junctions, in particular, exhibit large scale ultrastructural diversity , with different forms correlated with different complements of the gap junction scaffolding and regulatory proteins zonula occludens 1 , ZO 2 and ZONAB  .
The accuracy of diet and disease associations is largely dependent upon the quality of dietary exposure assessment. However, assessing dietary intake in free living populations poses several challenges. The strengths and limitations of various self report dietary assessment methods have been extensively reviewed .
Tuberculosis  is a serious infectious disease caused by the Mycobacterium tuberculosis bacterium. Therefore, there is an urgent need for the development of new drugs and suitable therapeutic targets. The enzymes of the methylerythritol phosphate  pathway  are responsible for the biosynthesis of the precursors to isoprenoids  and its isomer, dimethylallyl ) and have been identified as suitable targets for drug development owing to their vital and diverse functions ) and absence in humans .
There has been a rapid rise in the use of anti hypertensive medications in pregnancy during the past decade. Recent data demonstrate that the most common 1st trimester antihypertensive exposure is beta adrenergic blocking agents, with nearly 0.5% of all pregnant women exposed to these medications during this trimester. The most concerning potential adverse effect of first trimester medication exposure is teratogenicity.
Alzheimer's disease  is characterized by the presence of β amyloid plaques, composed predominantly of the Aβ peptide, a 40  or 42 amino acid cleavage product of the amyloid precursor protein . Although much is known about the processing of APP to generate or prevent generation of Aβ , relatively little is known about the physiological function of APP itself. Several lines of evidence have revealed that APP may be involved in cell adhesion, cell migration, and neurite outgrowth  .
Vestibular schwannomas  originate from Schwann cells  of the vestibular nerve and typically occur as either unilateral, sporadic tumors or as bilateral tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis type 2  . Both sporadic and NF2 associated VSs result from loss of function of the NF2 tumor suppressor gene . Merlin, the protein product of the NF2 gene, regulates several signaling events that control tumor growth .
Men with a family history of prostate cancer and African American men are at increased risk for developing prostate cancer , with subsets at increased risk of aggressive disease and/or death from the disease . There is a need to better refine risk estimates for prostate cancer among high risk men in order to provide individualized screening recommendations based on predicted risk . BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations have been reported to raise the risk for prostate cancer in males from families with hereditary breast and ovarian cancer syndrome  .
Translation termination takes place when one of three stop codons is recognized by a proteinaceous class 1 release factor  in the A site of the ribosome. How does the cognate recognition complex differ from the related near cognate complex that fails to promote rapid GTPase activation and accommodation? And, again, these views yielded detailed information only on the structural state of the decoding center and for the near cognate case only when paromomycin was simultaneously bound.
Helicobacter pylori  infection is among the most frequent human bacterial infections worldwide. The infection is usually acquired in childhood,,  but patterns of persistence and spontaneous clearance have not been well described. Understanding the determinants of persistent infection will help inform development of needed prevention and control strategies .
“Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.” DBS of various brain regions and circuit pathways has been employed to treat many basal ganglia related disorders . DBS has been utilized more recently to treat medication refractory neuropsychiatric disease  . Intraoperative testing of DBS devices can result in various mood, affective, and behavioral responses of relatively short latency.
Allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplant  is used as a curative therapy for a large number of malignant and non malignant hematologic diseases. Graft versus host disease  is the major reason for non relapse mortality and is staged and graded according to severity of symptoms in three target organs . Effective GVHD prevention remains an area of active clinical research, but at present most patients are administered prophylactic agents that interfere with T lymphocyte numbers or function .
Myasthenia gravis  and experimental autoimmune myasthenia gravis , are caused by antibody mediated autoimmune responses to nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  which impair neuromuscular transmission . The MIR is defined by the ability of a single rat mAb to inhibit binding of many autoantibodies from MG patients or rats with EAMG . The α1 sequence 6676, the MIR loop, is crucial to the MIR .
As part of the development of atherosclerotic plaques, calcium is deposited in the arterial wall by a process that is histologically similar to bone formation. Coronary calcium occurs exclusively in atherosclerotic arteries and is absent in the normal vessel wall. Thoracic calcification may be atherosclerotic and also contribute to aortic stiffness, which has also been associated with adverse outcomes.
Gastrointestinal stromal tumors  are the most common mesenchymal tumors of the gastrointestinal tract, with an estimated annual incidence of 5,0006,000 cases in the United States . Approximately 7075% of GISTs harbor gain of function mutations in the KIT gene, while mutations in the related RTK gene PDGFRA  have been identified in another ~10% of GISTs . The discovery of oncogenic mutations in KIT and PDGFRA has led to the clinical use of the RTK inhibitor imatinib mesylate  for advanced or metastatic GIST.
The noradrenergic nucleus locus coeruleus  provides the sole source of noradrenergic innervation of the main olfactory bulb  . Noradrenergic fibers terminate in all but the most superficial MOB layers, densely targeting the internal plexiform and granule cell  layers with a more moderate density in the mitral cell and external plexiform layers . The LC system plays well documented roles in modulation of behavioral state and sensory processing including olfactory function.
Craniofacial wounds resulting from injury trauma or iatrogenic sources  present a major problem for surgery. However, problems exist with this approach , including the shortage of the amount of available bony tissue that can be harvested from the patient  and associated significant morbidities . More recently attention has been paid to growth factor therapies, specifically bone morphogenetic protein 2 , a member of the transforming growth factor beta  superfamily.
Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease  is the most common monogenic kidney disease and the fourth leading cause of end stage kidney disease worldwide., Polycystic liver disease , arbitrarily defined as the presence of any liver cyst, is its most common extrarenal expression., Liver cysts often remain asymptomatic, but some individuals experience chronic manifestations related to progressive liver enlargement leading to disability and severely impacting quality of life. Symptoms of PLD relate to effects from the volume of hepatic cysts or complications such as cyst hemorrhage, rupture, or infection. Some individuals require interventions including cyst aspiration and/or sclerosis, fenestration and/or combined liver resection/cyst fenestration, hepatic artery embolization, or in extreme cases, liver or combined liver kidney transplantation.
Herpes simplex virus type 1  is widespread, with seropositivity estimates of 45% to 98% worldwide and 57% to 85% of adults in the United States . HSV 1induced diseases, including genital lesions, cold sores in and around the mouth, corneal disease that can lead to impaired vision, and viral encephalitis, are all more likely to occur following viral reactivations rather than primary infection. Thus, there is a LAT function that is located completely within the first 1.5 kb of LAT that enhances the reactivation phenotype .
N methyl D aspartate receptors  mediate excitatory transmission and are involved in synaptic function associated with long term synaptic changes, oscillations, bursting behavior, learning, and memory . Acetylcholine  released from terminals of neurons whose cell body are located in the Nucleus Basalis  modulates the behavior of many cortical areas by activation of muscarinic receptors  and nicotinic receptors . Excitatory synaptic transmission in the primary auditory neocortex is subject to a particularly intense cholinergic modulation .
Reactive oxygen species , such as superoxide  and hydrogen peroxide , are implicated in the development of multiple cardiovascular disease pathologies, including hypertension, atherosclerosis and restenosis. One major source of ROS is the NADPH oxidase  family of enzymes . For example, Nox1 and Nox4 are the predominant homologues in rodent vascular smooth muscle cells  from large vessels.
Type 1 diabetes  is a common chronic illness that affects approximately 1 in every 400600 youth in the United States under the age of 20 . The incidence of T1D among children under the age of 5 is rising, indicating that an increasing number of families are impacted by T1D diagnoses every year . The impact of T1D care on parent functioning is extensive.
Integrins are among the most important cell adhesion molecules in metazoa. They play a key role in development, immune responses, leukocyte trafficking, homeostasis and cancer. In about half of the integrins, ligand primarily binds to the I domain, which is inserted within the β propeller domain.
Injury to the recurrent laryngeal nerve  results in vocal fold paresis or paralysis. The future ability to restore vocal fold movement for this dynamic neurological problem depends on strategies for maintaining the survival of axotomized neurons and stimulating axonal regeneration to the appropriate laryngeal muscles. While VEGF was first characterized as an angiogenic factor, it is known to have neurotrophic effects in the nervous system as well.
For several decades, the go to list of behavioral risk factors for chronic disease epidemiology has included smoking, alcohol consumption, physical activity, diet, and body habitus. An influential sleep lab experiment in 1999  reported that young men were hungrier and had worse glucose metabolism during a week of sleep restricted to four hours per night, compared to the week before or after the sleep restriction, suggesting that chronic partial sleep deprivation might be biologically causally related to obesity and diabetes. A National Sleep Foundation’s annual poll in 2009 found that one third of Americans reported losing sleep over the economy .
A variety of distinct visual manual signed languages have emerged, independently of the surrounding spoken languages, in Deaf communities around the globe. This paper examines the neural network engaged by narrative processing in signers, in particular prosody, facial expression, and role shifting, to determine whether this narrative processing network is similar across language modalities in spite of differences in the way in which the information is conveyed . Facial and spatial information processing for non linguistic materials is dependent on the right hemisphere  .
An estimated 5.4 million South Africans are infected with the human immunodeficiency virus  . In contrast, more culturally laden constructs like quality of life may not have relevance for all and it should not be assumed that a western understanding of this construct is relevant in other cultures . While the overall aim of any translation measure is to produce a new language version which is both conceptually equivalent to the original and relevant in the new target culture, the actual methods employed to produce a quality product vary greatly depending on each context.
Sex steroids and glucocorticoids have long been utilized in the clinic to control allergy, asthma and autoimmune diseases due to their anti inflammatory effects. Multiple sclerosis  is a debilitating neurological autoimmune disease with higher incidence in women. However, MS relapse rates are decreased during late pregnancy and treatment with pregnancy levels of estriol reduces CNS lesions.
Verbs are fundamentally different from nouns. Verbs, on the other hand, refer to states, actions or processes that can vary across both time and space. Verb argument structure can specify one, two, or three nominal arguments in roles such as agent, theme, recipient, goal or experiencer.
Collapse of the primary cavitation bubbles generated by a high intensityacoustic pulse can produce an extensive population of residual bubble nuclei . The resulting daughter bubbles are microscopic in size  and can persist for tens of milliseconds or even full seconds , depending on the conditions underwhich they were generated. In shock wave lithotripsy the efficacy of stone comminution is highly dependent on the rate of shock wave delivery, with testing both in vitro  and in vivo  demonstrating a decrease in per shockfragmentation efficiency with increasing shock rate.
Two significant milestones have characterized the pediatric HIV epidemic. First, the landmark Pediatric AIDS Clinical Trials Group study  in 1994 demonstrated that a 67% reduction in perinatal HIV transmission could be achieved with the administration of a combination of prenatal, intrapartum, and neonatal zidovudine  . The quantification of HIV 1 RNA levels in plasma and the measurement of CD4+ T lymphocyte counts have also been used as prognostic markers in HIV 1 infected individuals .
With the recent development of molecularly targeted agents, numerous epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors  have been developed and some are approved for treatment of nonsmall cell lung cancer , head and neck squamous cell carcinoma , and colorectal cancer . There are two main classes of EGFRIs:  small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors  such as gefitinib and erlotinib, and  monoclonal antibodies such as cetuximab and panitumumab. Although the response rates to these agents as monotherapy in unselected patients are modest, several studies have shown that survival is improved even in unselected patients .
Poly polymerase  1 and 2 enzymes regulate DNA damage repair and maintain genomic stability in cells. Inhibition of DNA repair by small molecule PARP inhibitors potentiates DNA damage caused by cytotoxic chemotherapies, including cyclophosphamide . Inhibition of PARP activity in the presence of deleterious mutations in the BRCA gene, which is involved in the homologous recombination pathway of DNA damage repair, can result in tumor cell death through the process of synthetic lethality .
Total joint replacement  is a highly successful procedure for the treatment of severe destructive arthritis. Wear debris induced inflammation and osteoclastic resorption at the bone implant interface are believed to play critical roles in the pathogenesis of aseptic loosening. The RANKL/OPG pathway plays a key role in bone metabolism and osteolysis.
Central sensitization is a complex phenomenon of synaptic plasticity characterized by the rapid onset activity dependent increase in the excitability of nociceptive spinal dorsal horn neurons . It has recently become clear that there are distinct forms of central sensitization. Several other types of synaptic plasticity arise in response to noxious stimuli which modify nociceptive transmission by altering synaptic efficacy.
Genetic factors are important for developing a psychotic disorder, the heritability for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, the two most common psychotic illnesses, are both above 0.80 . Comprehensive neuropsychological research has established cognitive impairment as an intrinsic feature of psychosis . Cognition, and more specifically memory, has utility as an endophenotype of psychosis.
A key step in the progression of atherosclerotic lesions is formation of lipid loaded macrophage foam cells. Monocytes migrate from the blood, differentiate into macrophages that degrade LDL, and become filled with re esterified cholesterol droplets, . These processes contribute to early lesion growth and late complications leading to plaque rupture,  .
Food allergies pose significant risk of morbidity and mortality, particularly in young children. It has been estimated that approximately 1 2% of children develop peanut allergies  and over the past several decades, the rate of children that developed peanut allergies had increased in developed countries  . These studies have included analyses of responses to bacterial , parasitic , and viral  pathogens.
The temporal fine structure of a sound is the cycle by cycle timing of the waveform. Electrical stimulation of the auditory nerve through cochlear implants bypasses that imprecision. Indeed, auditory nerve fibers phase lock to higher frequencies when stimulated electrically than when stimulated with sound .
Astrocytes have recently gained prominence as essential mediators of the brain’s innate immune response to a variety of brain insults including infection. This barrier function is a key characteristic of astrocytes during infection and serves to protect the brain from immune cell infiltration and neuronal injury . Transforming growth factor beta  signaling in astrocytes is of particular interest because TGFβ s are master regulatory and primarily anti inflammatory cytokines that are universally increased during CNS infection and injury .
Parkinson disease  is a prevalent neurodegenerative movement disorder characterized pathologically by the rather selective loss of dopaminergic  neurons in the substantia nigra pars compacta . To date, a large number of LRRK2 mutations have been identified. Among these, the G2019S variant is the most common, with frequencies reaching up to 40% in North African PD populations .
Fucosidosis caused by deficiency of the lysosomal enzyme α L fucosidase is a progressive neurological lysosomal storage disease . Hypomyelination is the failure of normal myelin deposition that is attributable to oligodendrocyte dysfunction during active postnatal myelination . Downregulation of oligodendrocyte and myelin specific genes at 16 weeks in the frontal cerebrum of fucosidosis affected pups  suggests that the 14% loss of corpus callosum myelin in fucosidosis at this time   may be due to hypomyelination, rather than active myelin destruction.
Dentin matrix protein 1 , originally postulated to be dentin specific , was later detected in bone . The distinctive feature of DMP1 is the presence of many acidic domains, a property that implicates it is a possible participant in regulating matrix mineralization. The importance of DMP1 in biomineralization has been demonstrated by a number of studies  .
Photodynamic therapy  is an emerging treatment that has been used to treat malignant, premalignant, and benign conditions . A key component of PDT is the photosensitizer. It is inexpensive and is routinely available in hospital pharmacies.
Pain is a compound sensation that indicates real or potential injury. Processing of nociceptive information in higher brain structures activates descending pathways that modulate pain. The parathyroid hormone receptor 2  is expressed by neurons in many areas implicated in processing nociceptive information.
Bacterial DNA topoisomerase I belongs to the type IA family of DNA topoisomerase. This class of enzyme removes excess negative supercoiling from chromosomal DNA by cleaving the single stranded region of negatively supercoiled DNA while forming a covalent complex with the cleaved DNA, followed by passage of a second single DNA strand through the break, and rejoining of the cleaved DNA strand. Topoisomerase poisons targeting type IB and type IIA topoisomerases are effective antibacterial and anti cancer agents because these drugs can inhibit the DNA rejoining step of these topoisomerases .
Signaling from receptors in the plasma membrane requires a strong correlation between the extracellular stimulus and downstream intracellular events if information is not to be lost. It is unclear, for example, whether individual cells reliably transmit changes in the intensity of an extracellular stimulus to a graded change in cellular activity or whether the correlation between stimulus intensity and cellular response is realized largely by the average behavior of many cells . IP3 receptors  are intracellular Ca2+ channels located on the endoplasmic reticulum .
During development, extracellular cues activate conserved signal transduction pathways, which trigger changes in gene expression and ultimately lead to pleiotropic effects, including growth and differentiation. Frequently dys regulation of these pathways leads to human diseases like cancer. STATs are a unique family of latent cytoplasmic transcription factors that are recruited to phosphorylated IFN receptors and are then activated by JAKs.
Dog allergy is a public health burden highly associated with both asthma and allergic rhinitis. Contributing to this disease burden is the presence of around 53 million domestic dogs in the United States residing in approximately 33% of US homes. The magnitude of this problem makes it important to identify factors related to the accumulation of the major dog allergen Canis familiaris 1  in homes .
Growth factors are strongly associated with cancer development. Insulin like growth factor 1  and IGF2 are major growth factors involved in development and growth. During fetal growth IGF2 plays the main role in development and mice with IGF2 disruption exhibit serious growth retardation at birth .
Red cell distribution width  is routinely assessed as part of the complete blood count  to gather information on the heterogeneity in the size of circulating erythrocytes. Computationally, RDW is the coefficient of variation of the mean corpuscular volume  and therefore higher RDW values reflect greater heterogeneity in MCV , which is usually caused by perturbation in erythrocyte maturation or degradation. The RDW is used as an auxiliary index to help diagnose different types of anemia, but has also been evaluated as a potential screening marker for colon cancer and celiac disease because of its responsiveness to subtle nutrient deficiency.
The master circadian clock in mammals is a gene driven neural network that temporally regulates behavior and physiology. 20,000 neurons, and is located in the suprachiasmatic nuclei of the hypothalamus  . At a gross level, the SCN's control of circadian behavior is clearly established as SCN lesions result in behavioral circadian arrhythmicity  that can be restored by SCN transplants .
Salmonella enterica is a leading cause of bacterial gastro enteritis in humans worldwide . While most S. enterica infections are self limiting, serious cases often require treatment with antibiotics. For several decades, an increase in antibiotic resistance has been noted in S. enterica, as in other gram negative bacteria .
Herbicides represent an important group of agricultural pesticides. In plants, propanil inhibits photosynthesis to control broad leaved and grass weeds . Methemoglobinemia and hemolytic anemia have also been reported from animal studies with propanil exposure .
A preovulatory prolactin surge is evident on proestrous afternoon in rats . The rising titer of estradiol beginning late on diestrous day 2 and continuing into proestrous morning is essential for the occurrence of the prolactin surge and drives the early phase of the surge . Dopamine is the major inhibitor of prolactin release from the anterior pituitary gland .
One important observation about trabecular bone is its ability to adapt its structure according to the specific mechanical environment, as commonly defined as “Wolff's law” . This anisotropic nature of trabecular bone indicates that the “quality” of bone cannot be simply characterized by using dual energy x ray absorptiometry  to quantify some global parameters of bone, such as bone mineral density . As the National Institutes of Health specifies, “Bone quality refers to architecture, turnover, damage accumulation  and mineralization” .
A common mechanism through which activated receptor tyrosine kinases control intracellular pathways involves recruitment of SH2 containing proteins with regulatory or adaptor functions . For example, the Grb10 adaptor is an inhibitor of insulin signaling that is stabilized by mTOR mediated phosphorylation and suppresses insulin sensitivity in vivo . Loss of inhibitors can result in dysregulation of growth factor signaling, promoting the re wiring of metabolic pathways in a manner that supports rapid growth and cell survival.
Rapid advances in magnetic resonance imaging  have enabled noninvasive exploration of the human brain with increasing level of detail. Large databases of MR images are being assembled to enable researchers to examine subtle relationships between quantitative brain anatomy, disease progression, treatment regimens, risk, and other factors for various diseases. Differences in criteria among experts can lead to systematically different volume estimates of some brain regions, and so the highest consistency and sensitivity is achieved when a single individual traces the entire dataset.
Sudden cardiac death  results in 250,000 to 400,000 deaths in the United States annually. Coronary heart disease , with or without myocardial infarction , is the most common substrate underlying SCD in the western world, being responsible for approximately 75% of SCDs. However, the majority of individuals who die suddenly are not in recognized high risk subsets, and over half have no clinically recognized heart disease prior to death.
Over 40 years ago, Tokuhata and Lilienfeld  provided clear epidemiologic evidence for familial aggregation of lung cancer after accounting for personal smoking, suggesting the possible interaction of genes and smoking behavior in the etiology of lung cancer. similarly showed a 2.5 fold higher risk in the relatives of cases compared with controls after conditioning on smoking behavior and age. Genetic modeling studies have suggested that at least some of the observed familial aggregation of lung cancer may be due to inheritance of strongly acting genetic factors.
Differentiation between acute and older MIs is of great importance in clinical decision making. In the last decade, delayed enhancement  inversion recovery gradient echo  MRI with standard extracellular contrast agents became the most important and accurate imaging tool for assessing either the localization, the transmurality, or the extent, of MIs . DE is also capable of differentiating stunned myocardium from necrotic tissue in the acute phase , and hibernated myocardium from scar tissue in the chronic phase, of a MI .
Unintended pregnancy, defined as a pregnancy that is either unwanted or mistimed, is a serious global health issue related to a host of adverse health outcomes  including maternal and infant/child morbidity and mortality  as well as negative social consequences, such as school drop out . In the 2012 Honduras Demographic and Health Survey , 64% of all married women aged 15 49 reported using a modern method of contraception . Rather, populations with higher socioeconomic status  have experienced much greater rates of improvement compared to lower SES groups .
Proponents of translational research have identified practice based research  and practice based research networks  as essential for answering questions relevant to primary care and for overcoming barriers to the implementation of existing evidence into community based primary care practice. A practice based research network is defined as a group of separate practices that collaborate with each other and often with outside experts to conduct multiple research projects over an extended period of time while continuing to deliver care to patients. Family physicians in PBRNs have been contributing new knowledge to the discipline of family medicine for the past three decades.
Epithelial to mesenchymal transition  enables the migration of epithelial cells into connective tissues, a critical process for embryonic development . Such knowledge is critical for the understanding of the pathobiology of local invasion and metastasis of epithelial tumors, and may unveil novel therapeutic targets for this type of malignancy . Loss of E cadherin, a hallmark of EMT, is an important step in the progression of papilloma to invasive carcinoma .
Coffee and tea, the most frequently consumed beverages in the world, contain high levels of caffeine and polyphenols. Caffeine is a complex compound which has many different properties, some of which are mutagenic, and others which are anticarcinogenic, depending on experimental conditions . Caffeine is well known to be a stimulant of the central nervous system and has many physiological effects on the brain, including decreasing cerebral blood flow .
Among the multiple forms of age related hearing loss , the form associated with degeneration of cochlear stria vascularis  has been suggested to demonstrate the clearest genetic influences in humans . Through a detailed comparison of BALB/cJ  and C57BL/6J  mice, we showed that BALBs exhibit a lifelong EP pattern that is predicted by the density of strial marginal cells , while the overall appearance of the stria remains largely normal. Nevertheless, other origins of strial ARHL are likely.
Adenovirus  has been found in every class of vertebrates including mammals, birds, fish, amphibians and reptiles . In humans they cause common respiratory, gastrointestinal and eye infections, with 51 different serotypes described so far. They are widely used as vectors for gene therapy, and have showed promise in vaccine delivery and oncolysis ; .
The majority of cancer occurs as a result of alterations in oncogenes. Ligands of EGFR bind to the ectodomain of the receptor, leading to the formation of catalytically active receptor homo  and heterodimers in which the EGFR associates with other ErbB receptors. Although HER2 cannot bind any of the ErbB ligands directly, its catalytic activity can potently amplify signaling by ErbB containing heterodimers .
Human immunodeficiency virus  infection within the central nervous system  causes a variety of neuropathological changes. Although there is little evidence that macroglial cells in vivo are productively infected by HIV , activation of astroglia by viral proteins, or by substances released from reactive microglia, can amplify brain inflammation and neurotoxic sequelae, and also promote infiltration of infected monocytes from the periphery. Astroglia from humans and rodents secrete chemokine/cytokines in response to HIV 1 transactivator of transcription  protein .
Parkinson's disease  is characterized by progressive nigrostriatal degeneration and deficits in dopamine transmission. A pathological hallmark of PD are Lewy bodies  that present as intracellular inclusions of aggregated proteins and lipids in dopaminergic  neurons . In transgenic mutant α syn mice, and in mice treated with 1 methyl 4 phenyl 1,2,3,6 tetrahydopyridine  and rotenone  similar microglial responses are operative.
While many youth face obstacles to the successful development of sexual health, gay and bisexual youth and other young men who have sex with men  face particular challenges in this respect due to lack of support in the settings that traditionally promote positive youth development. Most peers also do not serve as potential romantic partners, which can limit the ability of young MSM to explore romantic relationships and develop this competency during adolescence. In the years since this study, use of the Internet in all segments of the population has exploded, but particularly among youth.
Living organisms exhibit daily rhythms in physiology, behaviour, and gene expression due to the existence of endogenous circadian clocks. In metazoans, the generation of circadian rhythmicity appears to be consequence of specialised tissues known as “master clocks”, which have different locations among species, i.e. lateral neurons in Drosophila , the pineal gland and retina in fish , pineal gland, retina and hypothalamus in birds , and the hypothalamic suprachiasmatic nuclei  in mammals  . The PER and CRY proteins form complexes that inhibit their own transcription by binding to the CLOCK:BMAL1 complex and blocking its function.
Advancing age has a significant impact on retinal structure, physiology and function. Age is a leading risk factor in age related macular degeneration, glaucoma, and vascular occlusive diseases., Under normal physiological conditions, blood flow  in the retina is closely coupled to metabolism and is tightly regulated. However, most optically based BF imaging techniques are limited to imaging the fovea or the optic nerve head, are confounded by media opacity if present , and are qualitative or semi quantitative which makes comparison across different subjects challenging .
A number of mental disorders and altered physiological states are increasingly being associated with fetal antecedent events . During this critical developmental time, endocrine disrupting compounds have the potential to be potent disruptors as alterations in hormone levels may lead to secondary anatomical and physiological changes in developing hormone sensitive systems  . Vinclozolin is a widely used dicarboximide fungicide previously described as an anti androgenic compound in mammals .
Numerous studies have shown that limitations in activities of daily living  are associated with institutionalization, death, and high health care costs. Because of this, assessment of ADL function has become a key component of geriatric assessment. However, ADL difficulty represents a fairly advanced stage of functional decline, and identification of older adults at risk for future ADL disability is important for prevention.
Neuronal cell death following traumatic brain injury  has been attributed to direct mechanical injury or to post traumatic secondary mechanisms that are activated weeks to months following brain injury . While cellular necrosis has been shown to be the prominent cause of cell death, recent evidence suggests apoptosis as a key mechanism that is involved in secondary or delayed neuronal cell death. The Bcl 2 family consists of an ever increasing number of members including the anti apoptotic proteins Bcl 2, Bcl x, Bcl w and mcl 1 and pro apoptotic proteins Bax, Bad, Bim and Bok .
In functional studies of the mouse brain, transgenic lines have played an invaluable role in various strategies including: labeling specific neurons by fluorescent protein expression, knocking out or over expressing genes in specific cell types, and ablating or inhibiting activity of specific neuronal populations. New molecular tools developed over the last decade have transformed approaches to study neural circuitry and plasticity with exquisite detail and control . For example, use of transgenic mice that express fluorescent markers at relatively high levels in defined neuronal populations, such as Thy1 EYFP, has facilitated detailed studies of the properties of a single neuron: morphology, connectivity, electrophysiology and gene expression, , and permits long term in vivo imaging.
Degeneration of the intervertebral disc  is a common and significant source of morbidity in our society. From 25% to 80% of adults over the course of their life will experience an episode of significant low back pain and as many as 90% of these people will improve without formal treatment. Historically, surgical interventions have focused on fusion of the involved IVD levels, which may eliminate pain but does not attempt to restore disc functions.
Cigarette smoking is a chronic illness characterized by repeated cycles of quit attempts and relapse. Most models for addressing smoking cessation are based on single, short term interventions lasting only a few weeks or months . The reach of current smoking cessation interventions is further limited by providing treatment only to smokers that are already prepared to quit .
  Light adapted adult zebrafish  were decapitated according to an Animal Study Protocol approved by the Animal Care and Use Committee of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, NIH, in accordance with National Research Council Guidelines and Public Health Service Policy on Humane Care and Use of Laboratory Animals. Interference filters mounted on one wheel  provided wavelengths from 330 650nm at 40nm intervals . Stimulus attenuations from 0.0 to 4.5 log units  were provided by another filter wheel, with further attenuation of 1 3 log units attained by manually inserting filters in the path.
Globally, 247 million people are infected with malaria every year, which causes 881,000 deaths annually. Pregnant women have an increased risk of Plasmodium falciparum infection which is maximal in the first and second pregnancy . Studies suggest that the var2csa variant of P. falciparum membrane protein 1  is the key protein which mediates this accumulation  .
Cholinergic neurons of the medial septum  that project to the hippocampus play an important role in learning, memory, and attentional processes, and have long been associated with the acquisition of working memory tasks . More recently, investigations utilizing the selective cholinergic immunotoxin 192 IgG Saporin  have found that lesioning cholinergic neurons of the MS has little or no effect on working memory in tests such as the Morris water maze . We previously reported that introduction of a mild aversive stimulus each day prior to training completely abolished the impairment in DMP acquisition produced by the cholinergic lesion in male rats .
The normal development of cortical regions of the mammalian brain depends on the migrations of neuronal precursors from germinal zones and assembly into neuronal laminae, where synaptic connections form . Since migration disorders are associated with cortical malformations, mental retardation and epilepsy , a clearer understanding of the molecular control of CNS neuronal migration could be relevant to the diagnosis and treatment of human brain disorders . The cerebellar cortex has long provided a model for glial guided neuronal migration .
The overall health problems related to schistosomiasis seems greater than ever; according to recent estimates up to 210 million people are infected with the disease in more than 76 countries , and an additional 779 million people are at risk of acquiring this infection . This is primarily because of the suboptimal success rates of most conventional control approaches especially as it relates to the developing world. Thus, the emphasis has been placed to develop new approaches involving a vaccine as an addition to the existing methods to control morbidity and mortality of the disease .
Exosomes are virus sized vesicles, ranging from 20100nm in size, and enveloped by a phospholipid membrane . Formed within the endocytic compartments, exosomes are released into the extracellular space via fusion of multivesicular bodies with the cell surface membrane . Tumor cells are avid exosome producers, and we have previously shown that these tumor derived exosomes, in contrast to exosomes produced by normal cells, exert immunosuppressive effects, impairing survival and functions of adaptive and innate immune cells  .
Ergosterol modulates membrane fluidity, stability, permeability and the activities of membrane bound enzymes in fungi. Fungal cells are known to regulate biosynthesis of sterols in response to sterol fluxes  . When sterol levels are reduced, ERG genes are upregulated by both Upc2p and Ecm22p  and both proteins have roles in sterol import and transport within the cell .
Staphylococcus aureus is an aggressive pathogen that is responsible for a wide array of diseases ranging from pyogenic skin infections and food poisoning to complicated life threatening diseases such as bacteremia and endocarditis . Peptidoglycan hydrolases are enzymes that hydrolyse the peptidoglycan of the bacterial cell wall. These enzymes in S. aureus include N acetyl muramidase, N acetyl glucosaminidase, N acetylmuramyl L alanine amidase and endopeptidase .
Pervasive Developmental Disorders  are lifelong, neurodevelopmental conditions characterized by impairments in social interaction and communication skills, as well as repetitive behavior and unusual preoccupations. In addition, medication withdrawal of risperidone after six months of effective treatment resulted in the rapid return of disruptive behaviors. The randomized, controlled risperidone and aripiprazole trials that led to FDA approval enrolled children with autistic disorder with any combination of tantrums, aggression and self injury as measured by the Aberrant Behavior Checklist  Irritability subscale., Although the term “irritability” implies an affective component, these studies did not evaluate the context of the tantrums, aggression and self injury.
Psychiatric epidemiological studies have consistently demonstrated a significant gap between the need for and availability of mental health services in the United States. Currently, Latinos represent over 14% of the US population and are projected to represent nearly one third of the US population by 2050. Understanding their mental health service use is thus increasingly important as part of an overall strategy to address the nation's mental health needs .
Post radiotherapy fragility fractures are a frequent complication in cancer survivors. ; Radiation is effective in soft tissue sarcoma and carcinoma treatment, but underlying bone damage is common. Pelvic fracture rates range from is 9.520% , while rib fracture rates  range from 821% depending on dose.
Primary open angle  glaucoma is a leading cause of vision impairment and blindness in the United States and worldwide. The incidence of glaucoma increases with age, and it is higher among African Americans than most other racial and ethnic groups. As a broad category, thyroid condition may potentially have an effect on the development of glaucoma.
Tuberculosis  continues to be a world health problem of staggering proportions. Those individuals also infected with HIV are much more likely to develop active TB, further increasing incidence and mortality in areas of the world where HIV is rampant including sub Saharan Africa . In 2000, two separate laboratories identified the gene product Rv3855c  of M. tuberculosis as the enzyme responsible for bioactivation of ETA .
Peptide libraries are commonly used in a variety of endeavors including identifying peptide DNA interactions , as surrogates for screening protein protein interactions , and as a basis for finding potential peptidic drug molecules. Thus production of high quality peptide libraries is of wide interest for many applications . Typically, peptides for libraries have been produced via solid phase synthesis, which involves sequential coupling of amine protected amino acids to resin bound amino acids.
Gene based drugs typically require a carrier to facilitate delivery into cell nuclei, where they are transcribed and later translated into proteins that can elicit a therapeutic effect. While virally derived carriers have been the preferred vectors in clinical trials, a number of safety concerns have arisen due to their ability to alter the genome  and activate the immune system. Several degradable polymers containing ethylene imine units have been reported with comparable gene delivery efficiency to that of PEI but with reduced cytotoxicity.,,, Bromomaleimide functional groups have recently been developed for their ability to reversibly react with thiols.
Spinal bulbar muscular atrophy  is an adult onset, slowly progressive lower motoneuron disease characterized by proximal limb and bulbar muscle weakness and atrophy affecting primarily men. This disease is linked to an expansion of a CAG repeat in the androgen receptor  gene, coding for an expanded polyglutamine  repeat in the AR protein . Data from our ‘myogenic’ mouse model challenges this neurocentric view of SBMA.
Gastric motility is initiated and coordinated by an underlying omnipresentslow wave activity, that is generated by the interstitial cells of Cajal. Slow wavespropagate through the ICC networks and conduct to adjacent smooth muscle layers,inducing contractions when co regulatory conditions are met, such as after ameal. The pig is increasingly being used as an animal model for invivo studies of gastric slow wave activity and motility, mainly because the pig is a monogastric omnivore like manand because they are relatively easy to source.
Inhibitory control is a multi faceted cognitive process that facilitates resistance to interference from irrelevant environmental stimuli and the suppression of previously activated inappropriate motor responses . In essence, inhibitory control is the ability to restrain behaviors that would disrupt the efficient completion of a goal. Although problems with inhibition were once conceptualized as being universal among individuals with ADHD , recent research suggests that only approximately half of children and adolescents with ADHD show deficits in inhibitory control .
Recent studies have led to the emergence of a new class of genes with a specific anti cancer activity. Among those genes are apoptin, mda 7/IL 24, par 4, and also TRAIL. Their modes of action are currently under intense investigation fuelled by the expectation that they reveal novel therapeutic interference options.
Chlamydiae sps are obligate intracellular bacterial pathogens of humans and animals. In humans, Chlamydia trachomatis infects ocular and genital epithelial surfaces to cause diseases such as conjunctivitis, salpingitis and urethritis, and chronic inflammation from recurrent chlamydial infections can lead to devastating sequela such as blinding trachoma, pelvic inflammatory disease and infertility  . It has been proposed that attachment to the inclusion membrane maintains RBs in a replicative state while detachment triggers the developmental transition to EBs .
Current therapy for HCV infection consists of pegylated interferon  and ribavirin  . Treatment options currently in development include drugs that target the HCV encoded NS3 4A serine protease and the NS5B RNA dependent RNA polymerase  . These drugs have been evaluated in early phase clinical trials alone and in combination with pegylated IFN and/or RBV  .
Although inhibitory behavior has been the focus of substantial prior research, most studies have emphasized motor inhibition by measuring performance variables such as stop signal reaction time or levels of premature responding . This behavior depends on learning about environmental stimuli and evaluating which stimuli are significant for goal directed behavior. Considerable evidence implicates the prefrontal cortex  in a number of tasks in which responding is based on discriminating between stimuli, including the five choice serial reaction time task , signal discrimination  and attentional set shifting procedures .
Despite the development of highly active antiretroviral therapy , people who use illicit drugs continue to experience high levels of preventable HIV/AIDS related morbidity and mortality . To date, studies from a wide variety of settings indicate that people who use illicit drugs  have lower rates of HAART initiation , are less likely to achieve virological suppression , and experience higher rates of mortality  . A number of studies have identified links between common psychoactive agents, including cannabis, heroin and cocaine, and relevant immunologic or virologic parameters .
Metagenomics uses gene expression patterns to understand the taxonomy and metabolic activities of microbial communities. Metaproteomics applies the same approach to community proteomes. Previously, we used a novel three dimensional peptide separation method to identify over 2,000 salivary proteins, including 139 of microbial origin.
Alcohol and tobacco use each contribute 4% to the global burden of disease, with illicit drugs contributing an additional 0.8% . Within the developed regions of the world , the burden of disease attributable to alcohol and smoking is 9.2% and 12.2%, respectively; an additional 1.8% of disease is attributable to illicit drugs . Similarly, among a national sample of uninsured workers, those in construction/extraction occupations were significantly more likely to report binge drinking, or drug and alcohol use, compared to workers in service occupations .
  Demographic information about the participants is presented in . The contrast group was made up of 16 siblings of the children in the NF1 group and 21 children recruited from the community. Siblings were included regardless of overall intellectual functioning.
Although not high in frequency, negative interpersonal interactions such as conflict with family and friends, teasing or harassment by peers, and being reprimanded by parents or teachers are a feature of the adolescent experience . Interpersonal stressors such as these are examples of low frequency events that nevertheless have a high psychological impact. Less is known, however, about the impact of these normative interpersonal stressors for the physical health of adolescents.
Certain regions in the adult mammalian nervous system, including thesubventricular zone and the dentate gyrus, retain an ability to replenish neurons. The most striking capacity for self renewal in an adultneuroepithelium occurs in the olfactory epithelium  of the nose . Here,neurons are vulnerable and must be replaced to maintain function of a sensory systemthat is vitally important to most mammals.
Over 25 million Americans have asthma, and the number of diagnoses increased nearly 15% in the last decade. While deaths related to asthma have declined in recent years, it remains a significant cause of morbidity with 479,300 hospitalizations and almost 2 million emergency department  visits in 2009. African Americans are at the highest risk for developing asthma and are two to three times more likely to die from asthma than any other race or ethnic group.
Acquired mesial temporal lobe epilepsy  with hippocampal sclerosis is a common, often medically refractory neurological disorder thought to be initiated by a brain insult . Refractory MTLE is associated with a characteristic pattern of selective and extensive hippocampal neuron loss that results in hippocampal atrophy . Efforts to model epileptogenic brain injury have most frequently employed systemic chemoconvulsants .
Ozone is a chemically reactive gas present in air pollution and as such is one of the most common environmental toxicants . Ozone is generated through various photochemical driven reactions between oxygen and nitrogen oxides or volatile organic compounds , and therefore more prominent during summer months in most areas. Epidemiological studies have linked increases in environmental ozone with increased mortality, especially in susceptible populations such as asthmatics or individuals with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
Secondhand tobacco smoke  consists of the side stream smoke from the burning end of the cigarette, which contains the highest concentration of particulate matter, and the exhaled mainstream smoke . Exposure to SHS is associated with diverse health effects in nonsmokers. These adverse health outcomes include heart disease, lung cancer, asthma flares, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , and upper airway problems such as sinusitis .
Black blood turbo spin echo  sequences are an essential component of the cardiac MRI pulse sequence repertoire and are commonly used for tissue characterization. Black blood preparation pulses suppress the signal from flowing blood without affecting the contrast in stationary tissues. These two properties give black blood TSE imaging an important role in visualizing the morphology of the myocardium, which is altered in conditions such as in arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia .
Despite the multitude of antidepressant drugs available to patients, major depression remains a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in our society. Thus there is a great need to further understand the mechanisms underlying depression in order to develop new treatments. Within the hippocampus and ventral tegmental area, Ghsr mediates ghrelin’s enhancement of reward related behaviors,  cue potentiated feeding,, hippocampal spine synaptic density and memory retention.
Heterozygous mutations in the gene coding for the isocitrate dehydrogenase 1  enzyme have been reported in several cancer types, most notably in over 70% of diffuse low grade gliomas and 80% of secondary glioblastomas  . Amongst other effects, presence of the IDH1 mutation is associated with a range of alterations in the cellular metabolome. These have been reported in mutant IDH1 expressing cell models, ex vivo tumor samples, and in vivo patient studies, and include significant changes in choline containing metabolites, N acetyl aspartate, and glutamate .
Post operative venous thromboembolic  complications such as deep vein thrombosis  and pulmonary embolism  are well known complications of lower extremity total joint arthroplasty  procedures. In addition, VTE prophylaxis  is an element of widely disseminated evidence based clinical practice guidelines which have formed the basis for national initiatives to improve care quality. Many historical studies of pharmacologic VTEP in TJA, particularly those examining aspirin versus placebo, took place in an era when the perioperative care of TJA patients was far different than it is today.
Neurons are morphologically characterized by long, highly branched cytoplasmic extensions called neurites . The Drosophila brain is formed by a stereotyped set of approximately 100 neuroblasts that appear in the early embryo . Similar to primary axons, axons of a given secondary lineage fasciculate with each other and form a discrete bundle, the secondary axon tract  within the larval brain .
The cellular response to viral infection usually involves major changes in host gene expression to effect the suppression of viral replication by the induction of immune responses. The NF κB transcription factors are held inactive by their association with Inhibitor of κB  proteins. This allows the released NF κB transcription factors to bind to DNA, and then induce the transcription of a wide range of genes, including many of critical importance in immune responses, cell proliferation, and apoptosis  .
Exposure to chronic stress has been linked to cardiovascular disease  . This alteration may result in differential exposure to the stress hormone cortisol. For example, cortisol affects the development of insulin resistance  and central adiposity , influences blood pressure regulation  and inflammatory processes .
Fas ligand  was initially identified as a potent pro apoptotic type II transmembrane protein belonging to the TNF gene family , and it is predominantly expressed by CD4+, CD8+, NKT, and NK cytotoxic effector cells . It follows that FasL is a dangerous molecule and strict regulation of its activity is a necessity. FasL expression is controlled at a number of levels including transcription, vesicular compartmentalization, and cleavage.
Natural killer T cells  that share the cell surface receptors of NK cells  and in addition express an antigen receptor  generally recognize lipid antigens in the context of the CD1 molecules and bridge innate immune responses to adaptive immunity . Sulfatide is a sulfolipid in which the 3’ OH moiety on the galactose is sulfated and the carbohydrate moiety is attached to the ceramide in a β linkage. Therefore sulfatide is a potential autoantigen, and sulfatide reactive type II NKT cells might be modulated to influence the course of autoimmunity in the CNS.
Clostridium difficile is the most common cause of healthcare associated diarrhea in adults in the United States , and is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in adults , and children . Rates of C. difficile infection  in hospitalized children are increasing . However, C. difficile and its toxins can be detected in up to 70% of asymptomatic young children .
Through a collaborative multidisciplinary approach involving experimental and computational studies at various scales  from molecular to cellular and organismal  we are engaged in an effort to reveal the mechanisms that engender the complex effects of hallucinogenic drugs of abuse ). Using methods of molecular biophysics and computational biology, we simulate the dynamic properties of the ligand bound receptor systems for hallucinogens compared to non hallucinogenic congeners . The findings leading to this newly gained understanding include key mechanistic components such as  modes of receptor response ”) responsible for protein protein interactions ranging from homo  and hetero oligomerization to interactions with scaffold proteins , and  the role of conformational rearrangements of the receptor due to hallucinogen binding in association/dissociation of specific protein protein interactions and selective signaling.
Transfusion is a frequently administered therapy among critically ill patients; between one third and one half of patients are transfused at some point in the course of their intensive care unit  stays. , During the mid 20th Century, the decision to transfuse asymptomatic patients had been guided by the “10/30” rule, that a minimum acceptable hemoglobin level  of 10.0 g/dL , which continued for several decades. , With the recognition in 1982 that human immunodeficiency virus was a blood borne pathogen and new data documenting physiologic tolerance of anemia, by the 1980s, this automatic transfusion threshold came into question .
Exploratory spatial methods are used in neuroimaging to find areas that show an effect of diagnosis, demographics, treatment, etc., where no strong a priori anatomical hypothesis exists. To do this, a parametric map of some neuroimaging measure is acquired for each subject. To compensate, spatial smoothing is widely applied in exploratory analysis .
With increased short term survival rates among pediatric solid organ transplant recipients, health care providers have shifted focus to long term outcomes. Long term patient survival is limited by chronic rejection and graft loss, which is more common in adolescents . There is also an increased risk for medical complications following the transfer from pediatric to adult centered transplant services .
Several recent studies have shown the upregulation of key metastatic markers during the progression of melanoma and have provided potential molecular targets . Activation of the Wnt5A pathway leads to the release of calcium from intracellular stores and to the upregulation of target proteins, such as protein kinase C . In melanoma, upregulation of Wnt5A increases cell invasion .
People of Hispanic/Latino origin will constitute 29% of the U.S. population by 2050 according to Pew Hispanic Center projections, while non Hispanic whites will constitute less than 50% . This shift in the national demographic profile will likely have public health implications for burden of disease, its distribution and determinants . Paradoxically given language barriers, high poverty rates and low health insurance coverage, Hispanics/Latinos enjoy health advantages.
Bone metastasis is a common event during breast cancer progression with the resultant lesions often being osteolytic . Increased bone resorption results in the release of sequestered growth factors from the bone matrix such as transforming growth factor β  and insulin like growth factors . In order to resorb bone, the osteoclast forms a resorptive seal on the mineralized bone matrix after retraction of the osteoblast canopy .
During adolescence, a key developmental task is establishing autonomy. Some adolescents are more successful at this than others, and some parents are better at fostering adolescents’ autonomy than others. The result of merging these areas of inquiry is a model that attends to two different autonomy relevant aspects of parenting  within the context of family systems that go beyond individual parent child dyads .
Congenital heart disease, the most common significant birth defect, affects 8 per 1000 live births and requires cardiopulmonary bypass  and deep hypothermic circulatory arrest  surgery. Over the last several years, pH stat versus alpha stat blood gas management during CPB has been investigated in an attempt to establish which of these techniques results in lesser DHCA dependent brain injury . At the present time many other clinical and animal studies suggest that one or the other strategy is more beneficial.
Experiments in functional MRI  often involve single shot gradient echo echo planar imaging  pulse sequences to maximize acquisition speed and blood oxygenation level dependent  contrast . Correcting these errors has been a consistent field of research. Although large scale inhomogeneities are generally constant over experimental time series, this assumption fails when considering sensitive phase data due to the small scale changes associated with the resonance offset caused by the breathing cycle  and slight changes in the orientation of tissue boundaries.
Inflammatory bowel diseases , including Crohn’s disease  and Ulcerative colitis , is a chronic disease that results from dysregulated immune response to commensal microflora . It has been estimated that 1 to 2 million individuals in North American suffer from IBD with the peak of onset occurring between 15 and 30 years of age. Genetic studies have identified many loci in the genome associated with intestinal inflammation.
Mixed model procedures  have an impressive history in the statistical analysis of clustered, hierarchical, and spatial data. and Almasy and Blangero  later extended this variance component  method to perform linkage analysis of quantitative trait data by modeling a separate component of variation due to a putative major gene locus of interest. One can test this assumption using diagnostic tools such as those described in  and .
Elucidating the high energy conformations a protein samples as it traverses its folding landscape is the key to understanding which factors determine its folding trajectory. What characteristics of these intermediates contribute to their helpful or harmful nature? Furthermore, understanding the nature of the rate limiting transition state can lend insight into what restrictions are placed on an efficient folding process.
Chimeric simian human immunodeficiency viruses  were developed for studies of pathogenicity and preclinical assessment of candidate HIV 1 vaccines in nonhuman primate  models . However, currently available SHIV challenge stocks have limitations. Many HIV 1 Envs do not produce viable viruses when introduced into the SIV backbone.
The actin cytoskeleton is integral to many cellular processes including survival, migration, proliferation, differentiation, and cell cell communication . Since the dysregulation of these processes in osteoblasts could contribute to diseases such as osteoporosis by interfering with the normal maintenance of bone architecture and metabolism, it is important to understand the signaling pathways and intermediates that modulate the osteoblast actin cytoskeleton. It is known that the small G protein RhoA, when active in its geranylgeranylated and GTP bound form, is capable of maintaining the actin cytoskeleton .
Cellular respiration in aerobic organisms involves the transfer of electrons, coupled to transmembrane proton translocation, through the respiratory chain. Thirteen of the polypeptides of the respiratory chain complexes are encoded by the mitochondrial DNA , including subunits I III of CytcO. Mutations in the mtDNA have for a long time been known to be linked to various disease states.
Noise is one of, if not the, most common exposures in both occupational and community settings, and there are very few individuals who do not have the potential for at least occasional exposures to substantial levels of noise. The prevalence of NIPTS in developed countries may be greatly underestimated, and in developing countries, the prevalence may be as great, or even greater than, as developed countries. Worldwide, rates of NIPTS are expected to increase over the next 20 years.
Kallistatin  was first discovered as a tissue kallikrein binding protein and a unique serine proteinase inhibitor . Moreover, our previous study indicated that kallistatin inhibited angiogenesis and tumor growth in cultured cells and tumor xenografts in nude mice. In addition, transgenic mice overexpressing kallistatin are resistant to lipopolysaccharide induced mortality.
The California Smoke Free Workplace Act—Assembly Bill 13— was enacted into law in July 1994 and applied to bars statewide in 1998 . Since 2001, anthropologists at the Prevention Research Center in Berkeley have been conducting ethnographic evaluations of this law in California bars, collecting data through naturalistic observations and in depth interviews with bar patrons and staff . While we found the majority of bars in these studies to be smokefree, we identified many bars where indoor smoking has continued despite the law, and many of these bars could be grouped by patron type.
The measurement of salivary cortisol as a method of assessing hypothalamic pituitary adrenocortical  axis activation is effective and noninvasive, making it attractive to researchers interested in stress responses across the lifespan. However, researchers who collect saliva from infants and toddlers anecdotally report having difficulty with saliva collection because these young participants are often unwilling or unable to actively participate in saliva expectoration, problems exacerbated when multiple samples are solicited. For example, previous work has demonstrated that cotton dental rolls affect cortisol assays to varying degrees depending on the type of cotton and the type of assay.
Management of the axilla is a critical component of breast cancer care , but accurately determining the extent of axillary surgery in existing data sources has proven challenging. To date, the most reliable source of extent of axillary surgery has been cancer registry data . To ensure the quality of collected data across cancer registries, strict data standards have been developed.
FMS like tyrosine kinase 3  is a receptor tyrosine kinase that is commonly mutated in acute myeloid leukemia . A number of clinical trials for AML patients with FLT3 mutations have been performed using novel tyrosine kinase inhibitors  that target FLT3 . A number of FLT3 TKI active against FLT3/ITD have little activity against FLT3/PMs, such as the most frequently occurring D835Y mutation.
The ingredients and additives in tobacco products have important health implications. The type of tobacco affects carbon monoxide  and tobacco specific nitrosamines in smoke. Aceteldehyde, derived from burning sugars, enhances nicotine’s addictive effect, and is carcinogenic.
Integrin mediated cell adhesion to the extracellular matrix  plays central roles in various cellular processes including survival, cell cycle progression, and the expression of tissue specific phenotypes . Cell adhesion comprises the coordinated evolution of binding of integrin receptors to adhesive domains in ECM ligands, integrin clustering, interactions with the actin cytoskeleton, and focal adhesion assembly . Focal adhesions are discrete adhesive plaques that contain numerous structural  and signaling elements .
There is evidence that depression is associated with executive deficits . conducted one of the few studies that examined this question. Specifically, they assessed how autobiographical memory was associated with tasks of executive control and found that errors on the control tasks negatively correlated with ability to retrieve specific memories, or memories of contextualized events that lasted less than one day.
Despite known health risks, nicotine use remains high, especially in populations diagnosed with mental illnesses, including anxiety disorders and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder . Smoking in these populations may relate to the effects of nicotine on emotional memories. The current study examined the effects of nicotine administration on the extinction of conditioned fear memories .
Kv4.2 channels underlie the transient A type K+ current  in hippocampal dendrites where they control the amplitude of back propagating action potentials and shape postsynaptic responses . Recent studies have shown that Kv4.2 channels in hippocampus undergo activity dependent internalization in response to activation of synaptic glutamate receptors resulting in altered IA and enhanced magnitude of long term potentiation  . This is consistent for a role of Kv4.2 channels in controlling postsynaptic responses that contribute to synaptic plasticity  .
Since 1996, the zoonotic threat of avian influenza viruses  has been exemplified by the direct transmission of the H5N1 from poultry to humans in many countries throughout the world, including Asia, Africa and Europe . The AIV are classified as type A influenza viruses in the Orthomyxoviridae family. Although shore birds and waterfowl, such as ducks, swans, geese, waders and terns, are considered the original hosts, AIV strains have also been isolated from pheasants, quails and poultry .
Acute ischemic stroke  treatment is limited to IV or intra arterial  tissue plasminogen activator  and mechanical endovascular therapies. These strategies benefit eligible patients, but carry inherent risks, thereby making determination of individual risk versus benefit important when considering recanalization therapies. The most commonly assessed stroke risk factors are age, infarct volume, and baseline National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale  score.
Anaplastic astrocytomas  are diffusely infiltrative astrocytic tumors with cellular anaplasia and mitotic activity but, unlike glioblastoma , they have neither microvascular proliferation nor necrosis . Although less aggressive than GBM, mortality is still quite high with a five year survival rate of only 25.9 % . The prognostic role of isocitrate dehydrogenase  mutations in gliomas has recently been gaining significant attention .
There is great momentum for image guided interventions  in general and image guided drug delivery  in particular, with many activatable particles under development . Encapsulating chemotherapeutics within liposomes significantly reduces the toxicity of those drugs . Preclinical and clinical studies of activatable drug delivery vehicles are expanding .
Poor sleep quality predicts adverse outcomes in patients with coronary heart disease  . Known demographic risk factors for poor sleep include older age, female sex, non White race, less education, low income, and being unmarried. The potential effects of anger expression on sleep quality have not been evaluated in patients with CHD .
Exposure to ethanol during the development of the central nervous system  can lead to a wide array of neuroanatomical, behavioral and cognitive abnormalities, broadly subsumed under the Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder  classification. Such exposure during these sensitive early periods is acknowledged to be a leading cause of intellectual disability worldwide . Despite concerted efforts to increase awareness of the dangers of developmental alcohol exposure, the incidence of alcohol related developmental disorders has continued to escalate since it was first characterized 40 years ago .
There is a high prevalence of depression in patients with diabetes. Approximately one third of diabetic patients also exhibit comorbid depression, and the odds of developing depression double in diabetics over the general population . A recent study also found that depression is associated with a 60% increase risk of type 2 diabetes .
Individuals infected with HIV 1 are at risk of developing HIV associated neurocognitive disorders  despite the availability of combined antiretroviral therapy . Abuse of Methamphetamine  increases the risk of HIV 1 infection . The various affected brain structures and neural circuits suggest pathological consequences beyond the dopaminergic system  .
The cellular level of the catalytic domain of telomerase  is directly related to telomerase activity . Telomerase is expressed in approximately 8590% of cancer specimens  and is a critical element in both tumorigenesis  and resistance to radiotherapy in cancer cells . Expression of hTERT is primarily regulated by the core promoter located 180 to +1 relative to the transcription initiation site , and this core promoter contains five Sp1 binding sites and one E box as a c myc binding site  .
The postsynaptic density protein 95  is one of the most abundant proteins present at excitatory postsynaptic sites in the CNS . PSD 95 binds other postsynaptic molecules, including NMDA receptors and signaling molecules . c Abl belongs to the Abl family and has been implicated in different neuronal processes, including neurulation and neurite outgrowth .
Laser light has been shown to be an effective nerve stimulus. have stimulated rat peripheral nerves, Izzo et al. Although electrical stimulation is the standard method of neural excitation, laser stimulation offers some significant advantages.
Serotonin , a key central nervous system neurotransmitter, is involved in regulating a broad range of psychological traits, behaviors, and physical functions including mood, sleep, appetite, and sexual activity. The serotonin transporter protein , which terminates the action of serotonin by facilitating its reuptake from the synapse, appears to be part of the pathway leading to psychiatric disorders and has been a target of widely used pharmacological treatments. a 44bp deletion/insertion generated two alleles of 5 HTTLPR, with the 14 repeat short  variant having less transcriptional activity and lower serotonin uptake than the 16 repeat long  variant.
The primate primary visual cortex  sends most of its output to area V2 in the form of multiple functionally specialized pathways, which segregate into distinct V2 modules . , , ) Based on qualitative observations, they proposed that all stripe types receive inputs from the same V1 layers  and that their V1 input is tangentially segregated into only two pathways:  CO blob columns to thin stripes,  interblob columns to pale and thick stripes  . However, several observations suggest that pale and thick stripes may instead receive segregated V1 inputs.
Cocaine abuse causes serious medical and social consequences in our society. However, the classic pharmacodynamic approach has failed to yield small molecule drugs due to the difficulties inherent in blocking a blocker. It has been shown that the predominant forms of recombinant BChE secreted from Chinese hamster ovary  cells were monomers and dimers, whereas native BChE consists more than 95% of tetramers that lead to the longer half life of native BChE in plasma.
Several experimental studies point to the antitumor effects of genetic and pharmacological blockade of the coagulation system including tumor cell associated tissue factor  ;, and often through interference with angiogenesis  . However, other reports suggest that TF expression by cancer cells is of little  consequence for tumor aggressiveness ;. A possible explanation of this conundrum could lie in the observation that TF may be expressed by various subsets of host cells often present in the tumor mass, including, stromal fibroblasts, inflammatory cells and the endothelium, all likely involved in regulation of angiogenesis , but this possibility has not been explored directly .
Opioid analgesics are effective for the management of moderate to severe pain. With continuation of opioid therapy, some opioid related side effects such as sedation may subside. On the other hand, a prolonged course of opioid therapy may lead to tolerance to and physical dependence on opioid analgesics.
Adoptive immunotherapy using T cells and their derivatives has shown promise as treatment for human malignancies, but to date the range of susceptible tumors has been limited. One of the constraints for successful treatment is the limited trafficking of lymphocytes, which requires effector T cells to express chemokine receptors matched with the chemokines produced by the tumor cells or their associated elements . Many human tumors produce low levels of chemokines, while others produce chemokines for which effector T cells lack receptors.
Erectile dysfunction  is associated with cardiovascular disease , however the association between change in ED status over time and future underlying CVD risk is unclear . We studied 965 men free of CVD in the Boston Area Community Health Survey , a longitudinal cohort study with three assessments. ED was assessed with the 5 item International Index of Erectile Function  at BACH I  and BACH II  and classified as no ED/transient ED/persistent ED.
Hepatic ischemia and reperfusion  complicates liver transplantation, major hepatic resection and prolonged portal vein occlusion . The pathophysiology of hepatic IR injury is complex and involves a complex orchestration of necrosis, apoptosis and inflammation mediated by hepatic  and extra hepatic  components . Moreover, hepatic IR frequently leads to remote organ injury including the kidney, lung, and heart .
Catheter ablation has become an integral part of the management of atrial fibrillation  when a strategy to preserve normal sinus rhythm is required. However, critical details of the technique are still controversial, the procedure demands high technical dexterity and carries significant risk of complications. However, isolation of the left sided veins can be difficult due to the presence of a thick pectinate muscle separating the veins from the left atrial appendage .
This qualitative study is part of a larger mixed methods evaluation of a state small grants program for pregnancy prevention . Science based practices include identifying public health objectives, specifying goals for behavior changes, logic models, selecting or developing curricula using behavioral/social science research, and integrating evaluation into program development, adaptation, implementation and assessment  . On the community level, there is increasing interest in adopting effective, science based approaches.
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma  is one of the most lethal cancers with less than 4% of patients surviving past 5 years of diagnosis. These included the formation of intraepithelial neoplasias , the most common precursor lesions observed in human PDAC. However, KrasG12D alone rarely induces full blown pancreatic cancer .
The US has made little progress in the last three decades in protecting its young people against teen pregnancies and HIV and other sexually transmitted infections  . Youth are becoming sexually experienced early  , and the proportion increases steadily through high school: more than two thirds of high school seniors have had sex . Moreover, almost 40% of US teens who are sexually active reported not using a condom during their last intercourse  .
African Americans have a higher incidence and overall mortality of lung cancer compared to Caucasians. Survival analyses of patients participating in cooperative groups clinical trials, which provide for uniform extent of disease and therapy, showed statistically significantly worse survival at one year for African American patients. This disparity suggests an even more pressing need to develop new anticancer agents to target lung cancer in this patient population, and the low rate of enrollment of African Americans in cancer clinical trials is distressing.
Diabetic individuals often suffer from complications such as coronary artery disease, peripheral artery disease and stroke which contribute to the morbidity or mortality among these subjects . This higher incidence of cardiovascular complications as well as the unfavorable prognosis among diabetic individuals who develop such complications has been correlated to diabetes mediated impairment of angiogenesis . Inhibited angiogenesis is known to contribute to impaired coronary collateral vessel formation and wound healing .
The biochemical purification of proteins and macromolecular complexes has become the rate limiting step in structure determination by single particle cryo electron microscopy . A purification protocol of a recombinant protein for structural studies typically consists of an affinity chromatography step followed by size exclusion chromatography. Such a two step purification scheme requires an appreciable amount of protein, which cannot always be produced, and takes several hours, during which time biological complexes can disintegrate.
In both Menkes Disease, with low levels of copper, and Wilson's disease, with elevated levels of copper, neural function is impaired . In humans, acquired copper deficiency can accompany long term parenteral nutrition or malabsorption; in addition to hematological symptoms, sensory ataxia and spastic gait may occur . Biomarkers that accurately reflect mild changes in copper status have not yet been established  .
Embedded in biomedical science are many sets of related dichotomies: body or mind, objective or subjective, biology or belief, specific or non specific, and pharmacology or placebo . In treatment, these effects are generally considered additive . Taking pain relief as an example, it is believed that analgesic treatments consist of two components: the treatment specific effect from the physical or pharmacological interventions, and the non specific, or placebo, component.
The mammalian telencephalon develops at the rostral end of the neural tube as part of the early forming prosencephalon. The development of the telencephalon is under the guidance of a series of morphogens in and around the forebrain. These cues include Bone Morphogenetic Proteins , Wnts, Fibroblast Growth Factors  and Sonic Hedgehog .
Patients with chronic, life limiting illnesses face serious and confusing health care decisions in the last years of life which are often complicated by documents such as “living wills”. A preferred approach involves legally appointing a health care agent or proxy but most efforts to prepare surrogates to make substituted decisions have been unsuccessful. In a systematic review on the accuracy of surrogate decision making, Shalowitz et al concluded that surrogates incorrectly predicted patients' treatment preferences in one third of cases.
Like most large scale biological experiments, the vast majority of proteomics studies tend to produce long lists of candidate proteins. Such tools are crucial in order to get a clear understanding of the biological mechanisms taking place in a given sample and are critical to guide further studies on subsets of proteins within a dataset. Multiple techniques were proposed to analyze large scale biological datasets, some of which were originally applied to gene expression analysis but were then adapted to proteomics studies .
Atrial fibrillation  is the most common sustained heart rhythm abnormality, affecting over 2.2 million adults in the United States. AF is an important risk factor for both incident and recurrent stroke. Cardioembolic stroke, most of which is due to AF, is the most lethal subtype of ischemic stroke and has a higher risk of disability than other stroke subtypes.
Opioid misuse, abuse, and dependence have become major clinical and public health problems in the United States. Although heroin remains a major drug of abuse, the growing number of people addicted to prescription opioids now eclipses the number of people addicted to heroin. This pervasive trend is reflected in the rapid increase in the number of unintended lethal overdoses in the United States, most of which can be attributed at least in part to prescription opioids.
Second harmonic generation  is a nonlinear optical phenomenon where photons interact with a nonlinear material and generate photons with twice the energy. Recently, SHG microscopy based imaging has caught attention among biologists, especially neuroscientists, due to its exquisite sensitivity to interfaces  and to its fast and linear response to changes in membrane potential . Commonly used SHG chromophores are push pull styryl dyes with a dominant uniaxial molecular dipole.
Mixing commercial facilities, single family housing, and multifamily housing has for centuries enabled residents to walk to multiple near home destinations. In the U.S., this long tradition was broken with the advent of Euclidian zoning, which allowed localities to separate land uses. Originally intended to protect health by separating noxious industrial land from residential areas , segregated land uses are now implicated in modern health problems associated with less walking, heavier weight, and more automobile pollution  .
Contrast enhanced whole heart coronary magnetic resonance angiography  at 3T with slow infusion of contrast agent has recently been proposed . An inversion recovery prepared spoiled gradient echo sequence, which is relatively insensitive to the increased field inhomogeneities at 3T, was employed. A preliminary clinical study has shown that 3T contrast enhanced coronary MRA is a promising method for detecting coronary artery disease in patients .
Campylobacter jejuni is an important food borne pathogen and the leading cause of bacterial gastroenteritis in humans . Moreover, severe post infectious complications include Guillain Barré syndrome, a significant cause of acute neuromuscular paralysis , and irritable bowel syndrome. Because the incidence of human C. jejuni infection is noticeably increasing, with the rapid emergence of antibiotic resistant strains, there is growing interest to identify novel virulence factors and pathogenesis mechanisms associated with this pathogen as a key step toward controlling the disease .
Peripheral arterial disease  is prevalent in 12% of the United States population, and is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Ambulatory dysfunction and lower physical activity level of patients with PAD places them at greater risk for disuse atrophy of the lower extremity musculature than is typically observed with normal aging. Fat free mass is the largest contributor to resting energy expenditure in healthy controls, and in patients with PAD and intermittent claudication.
Itraconazole  is a systemic triazole antifungal with a broad spectrum of activity commonly used for the treatment of Candida spp. infections, the most frequent fungal pathogens . In mammals, ICZ also interacts with this enzyme, but with much lower affinity , resulting in the accumulation of lanosterol and inhibition of the cholesterol biosynthesis pathway .
Degenerative disc disease contributes to disability and pain pathology in the cervical and lumbar spine in over 80% of the US population. Unfortunately not much is known of these biological factors that contribute to the onset of changes in NP cell phenotype and morphology., Juvenile NP cells have been characterized via the presence of brachyury T and production of extracellular matrix molecules .,, Studies that quantify percentage of NP cells that appear in cell clusters indicate significantly greater number of NP cell clusters present in juvenile tissue compared to mature or degenerated tissue in rat and human. Culturing juvenile porcine, notochordally  derived NP cells on soft , laminin rich surfaces,,, promotes NP cells to assemble into multi cell aggregates, similar to those observed in situ, with increased glycosaminoglycan production, and preservation of NP markers.
Neuroendocrine tumors  comprise a group of tumors derived from peptide  and amine producing cells of the neuroendocrine system, which are located largely in the gastrointestinal system but also in other tissues, including pancreas and lung. They are characterized immunohisto logically by the expression of markers of endocrine tissue, such as chromogranin A, synaptophysin, and neuron specific enolase, which can be used, in conjunction with clinical presentation, in the diagnosis of NETs. Despite a relatively low incidence, NETs represent a significant clinical challenge in diagnosis and clinical management.
Hospitalization is common among older persons, and results in substantial morbidity and costs. The Medicare age population experiences a rate of hospitalization of 17.5% or 6.4 million per year, comprising over 49% of acute hospital days, and resulting in over $148.2 billion of annual Medicare expenditures. Frequently, hospitalization can initiate the terminal downward spiral for an older person.
Cigarette smoking is a leading preventable cause of death globally and in the US, where nearly 45 million adults smoke. Packaging regulations including pictorial health warning labels and restrictions on industry branding are central to global tobacco control, but regulations in the US have allowed the industry to promote smoking through cigarette packs virtually unrestricted. Most recently, the FDA decided not to appeal the 2012 US Court of Appeal’s decision deeming the warnings unconstitutional.
For most of the last century, demographers were the only social scientists that routinely and unobtrusively collected data on sexual behavior in population based surveys. The importance of fertility in the demographic paradigm provided the justification needed to conduct empirical studies of this sensitive topic. Embarrassing or socially stigmatized behaviors like sex are subject to a wide range of reporting problems in surveys  .
Proximal spinal muscular atrophy  is a common, often fatal, infantile neurodegenerative disease caused by mutations in the Survival of Motor Neuron 1  gene . SMN2 therefore produces only ~10% of the full length functional protein derived from SMN1 and is unable, except in multiple copies, to protect against motor neuron degeneration and the SMA phenotype in affected individuals  . The ubiquitous expression of the SMN protein is consistent with an essential role in the biogenesis of UsnRNP particles .
There is abundant evidence that enzyme activity or protein protein interactions can be dependent upon association with lipid membranes. The myristoylation motif  is essential and highly conserved in Nef alleles from both laboratory HIV 1 strains and in primary isolates from AIDS patients . Gerlach et al reported significantly decreased binding affinity to lipid membranes and impaired helix formation upon mutation of Trp5 and Trp 13  .
Over the past twenty years, a substantial number of studies have shown a relationship between sleep and improvement on memory tasks ). Karni and Sagi reported post training improvement that is only evident several hours after training , and the greatest amount of learning is shown after inter session nocturnal sleep, specifically rapid eye movement  sleep . Declarative memories are the consciously accessible memories of fact based information  .
Positron emission tomography  is a powerful and widely used diagnostic tool that has the advantages of high sensitivity  and ability to provide quantitative imaging analyses of in vivo abnormalities. 64Cu  has decay characteristics that allow for both PET imaging and targeted radiotherapy for cancer. Radioisotopes have been introduced to various nanoparticles , including quantum dots,, gold NPs,,, carbon nanomaterials,, and polymeric NPs, through radionuclide labeling to allow noninvasive in vivo nuclear imaging of NPs’ pharmacokinetics, tissue distribution, and clearance.
Acute HIV infection  is the period just following HIV infection when, due to a lack of an immediate immune response, the viral burden is dramatically high before receding to a lower set point . Previous research has demonstrated that some individuals diagnosed with AHI continue to engage in sexual activity, including unprotected sex, suggesting that interventions beyond post test counseling are needed to reduce forward transmission . Currently, no guidelines are available on the prevention of forward transmission of HIV during AHI and no behavioral interventions for individuals with AHI have been evaluated and published, to our knowledge .
Withdrawal hyperexcitability of the central nervous system  is a well known consequence of physical dependence on ethanol, and is one of the most alarming manifestations of the withdrawal syndrome in alcoholics. During extended ethanol exposure, compensatory  changes occur in the CNS leading to the development of functional tolerance in the presence of ethanol, as well as to cross tolerance to other depressant drugs. The brain region and circuit involved in naturally occurring, genetically determined differences in neural activation associated with ethanol withdrawal are not known.
Recent studies support the hypothesis that motor adaptation to external perturbations such as force field, saccadic gain shift, and visuomotor transformations occurs at multiple time scales . To account for this multi timescale adaptation,  proposed a two state model, in which a fast process contributes to fast initial learning, but forgets quickly, and a slow process contributes to long term retention, but learns slowly. How these proposed fast and slow processes area organized, however, is ambiguous.
Dendritic cells  are an essential component of immune responses through their capacity to capture, process, and present antigens to T cells . Their main function is to launch immunity against foreign antigen and maintain the tolerance to self. Antigen presentation by immature DCs usually results in immune tolerance because of the lack of costimulatory molecules .
Over the last several years, advances have been made in understanding the development of ND. Understanding the full developmental course of addiction requires understanding four underlying processes:  When in the lifecycle are symptoms of dependence first experienced? How long after the onset of tobacco use does it take to become dependent?
Orthostatic intolerance  is defined by signs and symptoms of lightheadedness, tachycardia, diaphoresis, heat, hypotension, hyperpnea, headache, nausea, fatigue, cognitive deficits, and exercise intolerance while upright relieved by recumbence ;. Postural Tachycardia Syndrome  is chronic OI associated with excess upright tachycardia without hypotension  . POTS patients often report “Brain Fog” while upright to describe impaired awareness, mental confusion, lightheadedness, mental fatigue, and cognitive deficits, especially of working memory  .
Representations are cognitive constructs in which features of the external world are abstracted and mirrored in the nervous system as “functioning isomorphisms” . The theoretically simplest form of representation would be generated by a pure conditioning process, in which the perceptual world was considered as an aggregate of distinct elemental events. Representations of each event would be linked only to other events that were “intrinsically associated,” through being similar in appearance, similar in physiological consequences, or sufficiently invariant in sequential occurrence.
The ribosome is a complex macromolecular machine composed of three strands of RNA and over 50 proteins. The only putative in vitro assembly intermediates that have been identified for 30S ribosome assembly are RI and RI*; . However, the abundance of cofactors involved in 50S assembly has offered the opportunity to study intermediates induced as a result of cofactor disruption, including those resulting from the deletion of SrmB, CsdA and DnaK or DnaJ, and mutations to CgtAE and DbpA.
Heat shock proteins , the functional components of the inducible heat shock response are implicated in the regulation of tumorigenesis by virtue of their ability to promote tumor cell survival . HSP70 also regulates immune function, including antigen cross presentation , dendritic cell maturation  and NK cell  and MDSC  activities. HSP70 is released from tumor cells via passive release from dying cells and active trafficking via the endolysosomal pathway  or release within lipid bound exosomes  .
p63 is a homolog of the tumor suppressor p53 . In contrast to p53, which is inactivated in a majority of human cancers but is largely dispensable for normal development, p63 is critical for the development and maintenance of stratified epithelial tissues. The most striking developmental abnormality of p63−/− mice is a complete lack of stratified epithelia and its derivatives .
Female pelvic floor disorders  are a heterogeneous group of conditions that include urinary incontinence , pelvic organ prolapse  and fecal incontinence. These conditions can have a negative impact on a woman’s quality of life. Estimates from population based studies in the United States reveal that in older, community dwelling women, the prevalence of UI is as high as 41% and POP is 25%.
In post traumatic stress disorder  as well as other anxiety disorders, normally adaptive fear responses become dysfunctional or maladaptive  when behavioral responses are no longer commensurate with appropriate fear for the situation, or when behavior disrupts normal daily functioning. An important clinically relevant consequence of prior trauma is when inappropriate behavioral responses to mildly aversive or fear generating situations translate into the formation of new phobias . Although extinction training is often spaced over several days, some recent findings indicate that the massed presentation of the CS initiates the process of extinction successfully, and that massed procedures produce fear extinction that is effective for both short  and long term reduction in fear response .
In 2008, 1 in every 7 US households was food insecure, or at risk of going hungry because of an inability to afford food. Food insecurity generally occurs cyclically and episodically, with periods of food adequacy followed by food scarcity; the average food insecure household experiences seven episodes of food scarcity annually. We hypothesized that the cyclic nature of food insecurity, and its associated fluctuations in dietary intake, would predispose patients with diabetes to wide variations in blood glucose levels, including clinically significant hypoglycemia .
Epidemiologic and animal studies support the health benefits of habitual green tea consumption that include anti obesity properties , reduced risk of cardiovascular disease , decreased levels of oxidative stress ; as well as anti proliferative , anti inflammatory  and anti diabetic effects . A number of mechanisms have been proposed by which green tea and its constitutive polyphenolic catechins may modulate body weight   . For example, green tea and its extracts have been shown to induce carbohydrate malabsorption ; downregulate fatty acid synthase  ; suppress pancreatic and gastric lipase ; induce thermogenesis  ; incite sympathetic nervous system activity and lipolysis ; reduce adipocyte differentiation ; and alter the satiety response  .
Numerous studies have associated the mesolimbic dopaminergic  system, originating from the ventral tegmental area , with ethanol addiction. For instance,  ethanol consumption is reduced by the administration of dopamine antagonists  or agonists , or by the genetic deletion of dopamine D1 receptors  ;  pharmacological manipulations of VTA DA neuron activity alter ethanol consumption ;  ethanol increases dopamine release, from both the synaptic terminals ) and the somatodendritic region in the VTA ; and  ethanol stimulates the spontaneous activity of VTA DA neurons . However, the specific mechanism by which ethanol excites VTA DA neurons has not been fully clarified .
Metal organic frameworks  have attracted the interest of chemists, physicists, and materials scientists due to their promising applications in catalysis, separations, optics, magnetism, host guest chemistry and gas storage, as well as for the variety of their often esthetically pleasing, highly symmetric structures. The synthesis of coordination polymers utilizing secondary building units   functional, pre assembled clusters of atoms, capable of independent existence  allows the tailoring of the polymer properties via the introduction of SBU derived functionalities. The trinuclear Cu3) moiety is a common cluster unit generated in situ from reactions of copper  and pyrazoles or triazoles.
Fucosylation, the modification of proteins or glycans with a 6 deoxy monosaccharide, L fucose, plays critical roles in many physiological and pathological processes. Tissue development, fertilization and cell adhesion rely on proper protein fucosylation. Aberrant fucosylation of membrane proteins, however, is characteristic of many pathological conditions, including cancer, neurological disorders, immune dysfunction, and developmental defects.
Fluorescence spectroscopy has changed significantly in recent years due to the discovery of Metal Enhanced Fluorescence , a metalfluorophore interaction that greatly increases the observed emission intensity . Since the discovery of MEF the phenomenon has been applied to several bioassays . Furthermore, many studies of MEF have been conducted and the results were obtained using a sample geometry where two metal deposited slides are sandwiched together with the fluorescent sample within.
Many preclinical studies have examined the influence of pharmacological agents on the dose related effects of self administered cocaine to evaluate potential pharmacotherapies for cocaine addiction . Despite these advances, little is known regarding which neural systems regulate dose related changes in responding maintained by self administered cocaine. This empirical question is important because elucidating which neural systems might be engaged in this process could provide clues for effectively treating cocaine addiction .
Anaplastic lymphoma kinase  positive Anaplastic Large Cell Lymphoma  is an aggressive T cell lymphoma that carries a chromosomal translocation involving the ALK gene . The most common chromosomal aberration is the translocation t, occurring in nearly 75% of cases, which results in abnormal expression of a chimeric fusion protein, nucleophosmin  ALK . Auto phosphorylation and subsequent activation of ALK in the fusion proteins has been demonstrated to be lymphomagenic both in vitro and in vivo .
The gp130 family of cytokines, including IL 6, IL 11, LIF, IL 31 and Oncostatin M  play various roles in inflammation, hematopoiesis and immune responses . Functions of this family of cytokines in mucosal immunity are complex and overlapping due to the combinatorial expression of shared and specific receptor subunits on various cell types. Previous studies indicate shared but also private and specific activities of OSM among gp130 cytokines .
Microbial recognition by the innate immune system is mediated by a multitude of cellular and endosomal membrane bound, as well as intracellular receptors. While cyclophilin 18 is recognized by both mouse and human CCR5 , profilin has been shown to mediate powerful cytokine production from mouse dendritic cells via activation of TLR11 . In fact, TLR11 that was previously found to mediate recognition of uropathogenic bacteria has been identified as a major component and is essential for development of protective immune response in infected mice through the induction of massive IL 12 production by dendritic cells.
To date, approximately 100% of large molecule drugs do not cross the BBB and 98% of small molecules cannot penetrate this barrier, thereby limiting drug development efforts for many CNS disorders. Two of the most common motor neuron diseases are SMA and ALS, both debilitating disorders of children and adults, respectively, with no effective therapies to date. Recent work in rodent models of SMA and ALS have demonstrated significant promise for gene delivery using viruses that are retrogradely transported following intramuscular injection, and is currently being explored for clinical trials.
Breast cancer is the most common type of female cancer and represents 14% of cancer related deaths in women . It has been estimated that there will be about 226,870 new cases of breast cancer in United States in 2012, and about 39,510 women will die from this disease . Breast cancer is a genetically heterogeneous group of tumors with a variety of morphologic features.
Multiple myeloma  remains incurable with current therapies and novel approaches targeting the molecular mechanisms of the disease are needed. In the absence of a single unifying molecular genetic event leading to the disease manifestation, the focus of new therapies should be based on biological pathways critical to tumor survival,,. Interactions between the myeloma cell and the marrow microenvironment leads to increased cytokine secretion both by the myeloma cells as well as the cells of the microenvironment, in particular VEGF, IL6 and IGF,,,,,,,,.
Although general anti proliferative agents that induce death in all rapidly dividing cell types remain the backbone of many chemotherapeutic regimens, recent advances have suggested that “personalized” anti cancer strategies hold considerable promise. In personalized medicine, a detailed understanding of the molecular aberrations in the cell is utilized to select a drug with an appropriate mechanism of action. Morphologically, apoptosis is characterized by cell shrinkage and membrane blebbing, which facilitate the engulfment and recycling of cellular components without provoking the inflammatory response.
Pacemaker cells  within the sinoatrial node  generate the electrical impulse that initiates each heartbeat. Sinus node dysfunction , characterized by loss of PCs and SAN fibrosis, is a common but poorly understood disease. With the advent of cellular reprogramming technology,,  there is increasing interest in understanding gene regulatory networks in PCs, both to improve our understanding of SND and to facilitate novel therapies such as biological pacemakers and SAN regeneration .
Because lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death  it is important to advance the understanding of cellular and molecular aberrations associated with lung tumorigenesis to improve diagnosis, prevention and therapy of this disease. Various genetic and epigenetic changes have been implicated in lung cancer including activation of oncogenes by mutations or amplification, inactivation of tumor suppressor genes by loss of heterozygosity, and by transcription silencing via promoter hypermethylation  . The JAK/STAT3 signaling pathway plays important roles in carcinogenesis because many Stat3 target genes including cyclin D1, Bcl XL, Mcl1, Hspa1a and Cryab are involved in cell proliferation and survival .
Individual differences in risk for mood and anxiety disorders likely stem from multiple predisposing factors, including genetic variants that shape the developmental formation and/or adult functional integrity of the neural circuitry subserving emotion . In preclinical models of these disorders, inbred mouse strains exhibit marked differences in anxiety  and fear related phenotypes. Of note, the C57BL/6J strain typically shows lesser anxiety  and stress related behavior but greater conditioned fear behavior relative to certain other strains including BALB/cJ and in some cases DBA/2J ) .
Pyrrolysine is the 22nd amino acid found to have entered natural genetic codes . Crystallography of the monomethylamine methyltransferase revealed that the UAG codon is decoded as a novel amino acid, pyrrolysine . E. coli expressing pylS and pylT and given exogenous pyrrolysine translates UAG as pyrrolysine .
The p75 neurotrophin receptor  is a potential therapeutic target for AD . p75NTR also regulates neurite outgrowth through its interactions with the Nogo and LINGO co receptors . p75NTR is expressed by populations that are particularly vulnerable in AD, including basal forebrain cholinergic, hippocampal, cortical and entorhinal neurons ; and its expression is further increased in AD .
Mesenchymal stem cells  are able to self renew and differentiate into a variety of cell types including adipocytes, chondrocytes, myocytes, osteoblasts, etc. . MSCs are traditionally isolated from bone marrow.
The basement membrane  is a major functional component of the extracellular matrix. Functional and targeted contrast agents can be developed to spatially localize molecular targets in the body  . The goal of this work was to develop an MRI visible contrast agent that is specifically targeted to the BM.
The striatum incorporates two major locomotor regulatory circuits, the direct and indirect pathways, which together modulate cortical output that determines locomotor activity. At the postsynaptic level, type A1 adenosine receptors  and type D1 dopamine receptors  form heterodimers on striatal neurons of the direct pathway, whereas heterodimers of A2A adenosine receptors  and D2 dopamine receptors  form on neurons of the indirect pathway ). Inhibitory interactions both within and between these heterodimeric receptors modulate striatal neuronal excitability and neurotransmission .
Individuals with physical disabilities are as sexually active and have the same reproductive health needs as those without a disability . However, individuals with disabilities experience multiple physical and attitudinal barriers to reproductive health services . Previous research shows reduced cervical and breast cancer screening among women with disabilities .
Airway epithelial overexpression of the epithelial Na+ channel β subunit , driven by the Clara cell secretory protein  promoter in transgenic  mice, results in epithelial Na+ hyperabsorption, airway surface liquid  dehydration, impaired mucus clearance, airway inflammation and early post natal mortality . The inflammatory infiltrate is characterized by enlarged/highly vacuolated macrophages, persistent neutrophilia associated with elevated KC, MIP 2 and TNFα, and transient eosinophilia with increased levels of IL 13 and eotaxin 1 . YM1, YM2 and acidic mammalian chitinase, all associated with Th2 type inflammation in asthma and helmintic infection , are also elevated in Scnn1b Tg mice.
Efficient infection of human primary macrophages, dendritic cells and resting CD4+ T cells by simian immunodeficiency virus  requires the accessory protein Vpx . Vpx is essential for both SIV infection of primary macrophages and viral pathogenesis in vivo . Viral reverse transcription is prevented in primary macrophages when cells are infected with either Vpx deficient SIVmac or HIV 2 .
Short term memory  plays a crucial role in processing speech . STM and speech perception in noise exhibit somewhat parallel age trends. However, complex working memory  shows a steep developmental slope up to the age of sixteen .
People cannot attend to multiple objects or events without some loss of perceptibility. But this admittedly artificial situation, in which attention is held at a single central region for prolonged periods, does not represent how attention normally functions. Studies of attention during steady fixation have another drawback, namely, they cannot consider the role played by attention in the control of the saccades themselves.
Dynamic contrast enhanced magnetic resonance imaging  measures the transit of a tracer such as a gadolinium chelate to estimate physiologic parameters related to perfusion or permeability in vivo. Clinical applications include estimates of tumor angiogenesis  and response to therapy  as well as physiologic measurements of organ function such as kidney glomerular filtration rates  and perfusion . Several challenges limit our ability to determine AIF.
Ca2+ release mediated by the inositol 1, 4, 5 trisphosphate receptor  is critical to cellular signal propagation. However, uncontrolled Ca2+ release from the endoplasmic reticulum  triggered by IP3R dysfunction or ER stress elevates intracellular Ca2+ concentration  resulting in toxicity and cell death. Depletion of ER Ca2+ stores results in ER stress that evokes the unfolded protein response .
Ecological theory and empirical work indicate that competition should result in competitive exclusion when resources are limited. Most laboratory  and field  studies show convincingly that larval A. albopictus are superior competitors for resources compared to A. aegypti, the resident species it encounters most frequently in the Americas. Here we focus on three alternative  hypotheses that seem likely to be testable using field data.
Atypical antipsychotic drugs are a mainstay of psychiatric pharmacotherapy and are used to treat a variety of psychiatric illnesses, most notably schizophrenia. The mechanisms underlying these metabolic side effects in humans are not known. Drug therapy is typically continued in patients that are resistant to the weight gain promoting effects of antipsychotics, though the weight gain independent effects of these drugs are less well understood in humans.
The somatodendritic surface of CNS neurons is a highly dynamic membrane environment, in which the number of specific signaling receptors accessible to extracellular ligands is tightly controlled by vesicular trafficking processes . Endocytic removal of neural signaling receptors has been investigated in considerable detail , but less is known about how signaling receptors are returned to the somatodendritic surface. Endocytic recycling in neurons is remarkable both for its high throughput and biochemical selectivity.
There is a growing body of evidence suggesting that chronic vascular inflammation plays a role in the development of essential hypertension, either as a pathogenic or secondary event . Inflammatory mediators, such as C reactive protein , interleukin 1β ; interleukin 6 , tumor necrosis factor alpha , and reactive oxygen species , have been proposed to contribute to essential hypertension through several mechanisms, including enhancement of arterial stiffness and/or endothelial dysfunction . The mechanism whereby hypertension leads to chronic kidney disease and progression to end stage renal disease  remains poorly understood, and the extent to which inflammation contributes to this process is unknown .
Domoic acid is a small neurotoxic molecule that is naturally produced by phytoplankton and accumulates in seafood products during harmful algal blooms  . Domoic acid has since been shown to severely impact seabirds and marine mammals via transfer through planktivorous prey . For humans, risks of exposure to high levels of domoic acid are managed by testing shellfish and regulating harvests based on toxin loads ; however, there are no regulatory guidelines in place for protection from long term low level repetitive exposure  due to a lack of knowledge regarding the health impacts of chronic or episodic low level domoic acid exposure  .
High quality genome sequence is a prerequisite for whole genome analyses but further, robust and complete annotations are essential for a genome to be fully utilized by the scientific community. Genome annotation involves mapping features such as protein coding genes and their multiple mRNAs, pseudogenes, transposons, repeats, non coding RNAs, SNPs as well as regions of similarity to other genomes onto the genomic scaffolds. Many of these features can be automatically predicted by sophisticated software packages based on sequence or structure comparisons .
Protein biomarkers are critical for early detection of disease, prognosis and therapy monitoring. However, the number of new FDA approved biomarkers has greatly decreased in recent years , which has been attributed to the high false discovery rate of the “omics” methods, and the lack of robust methods for biomarker verification . More importantly, a structural variant of hemoglobin  is currently being used to assess glycemic control in people with diabetes, and has been proposed as a useful method of screening for and diagnosing diabetes  .
Degenerative joint disease affects twenty million adults with an economic burden of over $40 billion per year in the US. Many cartilage tissue engineering studies use chondrocytes as the cell source, however this approach is challenged by limited supply of chondrocytes, their limited regenerative potential due to age, disease, de differentiation during in vitro expansion, and the morbidity caused by chondrocyte harvest. Likewise, mechanical properties of engineered cartilage produced using these scaffolds and hMSC were at least one order of magnitude below values reported for normal cartilage despite prolonged in vitro culture .
Nuclear DNA content, or genome size , varies > 1000 fold among angiosperms . Moreover, several studies have reported within species correlations between GS and ecological variables, such as altitude, latitude and temperature . Because the efficacy of selection is expected to scale with Ne, the lack of relationship between GS and Ne may indicate that selection has had little impact on the broad scale evolution of GS in higher plants .
Stroke is a leading cause of death nationally and internationally  and is associated with enormous public health burden, reductions in quality of life, increased health care costs, and a loss in economic productivity. Stroke is the 4th leading cause of death in the U.S. . In South Carolina, stroke was the 3rd leading cause of death and ranked 8th among other states in 2006 .
Normal learning and behavior require the proper maturation and plasticity of synapses. Large scale genetic screens of families with autism spectrum disorder  and intellectual disabilities  have identified hundreds of risk genes that converge on synaptic abnormalities as the core cause., The prevalence of these neurodevelopmental disorders underscores the importance of identifying key synaptic regulators and the underlying mechanisms whereby they control cognition and behavior. β Catenin has dual roles in cadherin synaptic adhesion complexes and canonical Wnt signal transduction: both networks are essential for normal brain development and function.
Cancer vaccines have not significantly improved the clinical outcome and patient survival , even though it is possible to detect tumor specific CTL in peptide vaccinated patients. More encouraging results have been obtained, for both solid and hematological malignancies, in settings of adoptive immunotherapy by the administration of autologous tumor specific CD8+ T cells expanded and activated in vitro . Still, clinical success of adoptive immunotherapeutic approaches have been restricted to about 50% of patients, who show mostly partial rather than complete clinical responses  .
Oligodendrocyte precursor cells  are generated from progenitor zones in the forebrain beginning at various times during embryonic development . Wnts are secreted glycoprotein ligands that regulate development of dorsal CNS structures . Wnts have prominent roles in progenitor cell proliferation, cell lineage and differentiation decisions .
Argininosuccinate synthetase  catalyzes the third step in the urea cycle, the conversion of citrulline and aspartate into argininosuccinic acid with the cleavage of ATP into AMP and PPi. Complete deficiency of the enzyme results in classic citrullinemia. This disorder is typically associated with elevations in citrulline above 1500 μM and is associated with significant long term neurological disability .
In this study we provide global transcriptomic profiling and analysisof botulinum toxin A treated muscle over a 1 yearperiod . Microarray analysis was performed on rat tibialis anterior musclesfrom 4 groups  at 1, 4, 12, and 52weeks after BoNT A injection compared with saline injected rats at 12weeks . Dramatic transcriptional adaptation occurred at 1 week with aparadoxical increase in expression of slow and immature isoforms, activationof genes in competing pathways of repair and atrophy, impaired mitochondrialbiogenesis, and increased metal ion imbalance.
Atherosclerosis, the major cause of cardiovascular diseases, has been a leading contributor to morbidity and mortality in the United States, and it has been on the rise globally. Current imaging methods, such as x ray angiography, magnetic resonance imaging , intravascular ultrasound , computed tomography, and optical coherence tomography  allow exquisite delineation of advanced lesions. Thus, it is intriguing to explore label free imaging methods which can also provide chemical selectivity and submicron resolution .
Oligomers of N substituted glycines, or “peptoids”, are a new class of unnatural materials that are capable of mimicking the structure and function of peptides and proteins. Furthermore, peptoids containing a wide variety of side chain functionalities can be readily prepared by using a two step, submonomer method. These properties make peptoids attractive structures in drug discovery as well as materials engineering .
Frailty, a public health challenge, may be a significant issue among homelessand disenfranchised populations in urban and rural cities across the United States. For decades, frailty has been written about andcharacterized; a seminal paper identifies frailty as a clinical syndrome withspecific hallmark characteristics  such as shrinking, weakness, exhaustion, slowness, and lowactivity. While other authors focus on signs, and disease classifications, oftenleading to adverse outcomes  .
Excessive alcohol consumption during pregnancy may cause many adverse developmental effects in the conceptus that are now recognized as a spectrum of cognitive, behavioral, and structural abnormalities termed Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders . Many FASD patients demonstrate only a small subset of dysmorphic features, with varying degrees of expression, and to date clinical diagnosis of cases with less obvious dysmorphology is not reliable . Over the last several years published diagnostic guidelines for FAS/FASD have included; Institute of Medicine  guidelines , FASD 4 Digit Diagnostic Code , Center for Disease Control and prevention  guidelines , Hoyme FASD guidelines , and Canadian FASD guidelines .
Recombinant adeno associated virus  vectors have recently emerged as a promising and novel means by which transgenes can be delivered to different tissue types successfully in a large range of animal species including humans. Unfortunately, one disadvantage to single intracranial injections of rAAV vectors into the brain parenchyma of large animal models or humans will be the restricted distribution of the rAAV vectors to relatively small volumes of the brain. However, research into CED delivery devices is under current investigation by several researchers  .
The negative impact of having a family member with a serious mental health issues or chronic illness is well documented. Literature reviews consistently point to the physical, emotional, financial, and interpersonal toll that people with serious mental health issues  and chronic illnesses  have on their loved ones who are often spouses or cohabitating adults. These difficulties include relationship dissatisfaction , enabling behaviors , negative communication styles , and interpersonal violence  .
The use of flame retardants has contributed to a drastic drop in the incidence of fires in the past thirty years. The latter are extensively used in a variety of consumer products such as textile, carpets, polyurethane foams, television sets, small appliances and computers. PBDEs are chemically and toxicologically similar to non coplanar polychlorinated biphenyls  .
Respiratory syncytial virus  is a major cause of infant morbidity from severe lower respiratory tract infection with bronchiolitis worldwide. Early attempts at vaccination of seronegative infants and young children using formalin inactivated RSV were unsuccessful. Vaccinees, after subsequent natural RSV infection, exhibited a more severe illness characterized in several instances by enhanced pulmonary injury with extensive mononuclear cell infiltration and pulmonary eosinophilia, compared to placebo vaccine control children .
Mutations in leucine rich repeat protein kinase 2  underlie the most common known genetic cause of familial and apparently sporadic Parkinson's disease  cases . These include a “Ras of complex proteins” / GTPase domain and a kinase domain that shares a high degree of homology with mitogen activated protein kinases kinase kinase  . A number of studies in the absence of a physiological LRRK2 substrate indicate that the G2019S substitution likely increases the kinase activity of LRRK2 ;  .
The HIV 1 matrix  protein represents the N terminal domain of the precursor Gag  protein that directs the assembly of HIV particles . Molecular biology experiments have demonstrated that MA plays essential roles in targeting PrGag proteins to membranes for assembly, and in incorporation of HIV SU/TM  envelope  protein trimers into virus particles . Moreover, viruses carrying large deletions in the MA coding region can be infectious in cell culture systems, as long as the large cytoplasmic domain of SU is deleted .
Forkhead box  transcription factors represent a closely related family of proteins that mediate cell cycle progression, survival, and differentiation . Use of a conditional mouse knockout model shows a requirement for Foxd3 in the establishment of murine ES cell lines . FoxD3 regulates specification of the neural crest lineage.
Small animal models of human disease play an important role in the development of new therapies for human diseases by providing a complete, functional biological system in which the effects of novel interventions may be tested and characterized. Efficiency may be improved by simultaneously imaging multiple subjects. To that end, multiple mouse MRI  techniques have the potential to improve experimental throughput, enabling the scanning of entire groups of animals in the time required to image just one, improving statistical power and reducing the cost of powerful imaging techniques in biomedical research  .
The ancient phylum of Apicomplexa encompasses thousands of unicellular animal parasite species, including important human pathogens such as Plasmodium, Toxoplasma, Cryptosporidia and Cyclospora species. While most healthy adults do not develop disease symptoms, congenital infection of infants during pregnancy can lead to severe developmental impairments or death. T. gondii and other apicomplexan parasites rely on changes in the actin cytoskeleton, especially at the apical end, to invade the host cell.
Immunologic self tolerance is required for an effective immune system, and is provided by the concerted activities of central and peripheral tolerance. A growing body of evidence describes mechanisms underlying the generation and activity of regulatory T cells  that bear the CD4+25+Foxp3+ phenotype . These Ag specific Tregs play an important role in tolerance to tissue specific self Ags  .
Intercellular calcium waves  provide a mechanism for long range signaling between astrocytes . Transmission of ICWs can involve both gap junction mediated direct cytosol to cytosol diffusion of second messengers such as IP3 and Ca2+, and release of molecules such as ATP that diffuse through extracellular space, interacting with receptors on neighboring cells to mobilize calcium from the intracellular and extracellular compartments  . The main type of glial cell in sensory ganglia is the satellite glial cell .
Saturation transfer  magnetic resonance spectroscopy  techniques enable the measurement of in vivo chemical reaction kinetics . The creatine kinase  reaction has been studied in humans with phosphorus  ST MRS in the brain , skeletal muscle , and the heart . The CK reaction is the primary energy reserve of the heart.
Misery perfusion constitutes a hemodynamic state in which cerebral blood flow falls yet oxygen metabolism is maintained by increased oxygen extraction fraction  . Several methods for measuring OEF have been developed. In addition, the quantitative processing of OEF images requires considerable technical expertise.
Benzene, a component of gasoline, is associated with various hematological cancers . Multiple possible mechanisms of action are thought to be involved in benzene toxicity . We observed significant effects on the expression of a relatively large number of genes across the range of exposures.
Recent high throughput sequencing of cancer genomes has led to newdiscoveries of mutations in cellular processes that were not previously known toplay a causal role in cancer. Among the recentlydiscovered spliceosome genes that are involved in cancers, SF3B1 is the mostfrequently mutated. SF3B1 mutations are found with high frequency in myelodysplasticsyndromes  and chronic myelogenous leukemia ; it is also mutated in solidtumors such as lung adenocarcinomas, breast cancer, and pancreatic cancer.
Surrogate decision makers of critically ill patients often have inaccurate expectations about their loved one's prognosis. This is problematic because prognostic information influences treatment decisions. Undue optimism in particular may lead to the use of invasive treatments that are inconsistent with patients' preferences.
Human interleukin 6 is a multifunctional pro inflammatory cytokine produced by many cell types including immune cells , vascular smooth muscle cells , adipocytes and skeletal muscle . Interleukin 6 has both an acute and chronic inflammatory role . It mediates downstream inflammatory cascades, including the production of C reactive protein and fibrinogen .
The regulatory functions of CD4+ CD25+ FoxP3+ cells  in maintaining peripheral tolerance, to self antigens has led to studies investigating their use in inhibiting alloreactive T cell responses following allogeneic marrow transplantation. Naturally occurring Tregs can induce transplantation tolerance in mice. A significant reduction of lethal graft versus host disease  has been observed following injection of freshly isolated or ex vivo activated Tregs.
S100A4, also known as Fsp1 , is well known to be over expressed in fibrotic diseases of the lung, kidney, liver, and heart . In normal adult tissues, its expression is confined to fibroblasts and other cell types of mesenchymal origin. However, in the higher grade endometrioid carcinomas and the non endometrioid carcinomas, S100A4 protein is expressed in tumor epithelial cells.
The acute respiratory distress syndrome  is a highly morbid clinical entity marked pathophysiologically by the flooding of the alveolar space with protein rich fluid which leads to severe impairment of gas exchange and hypoxia . Under normal conditions, the pulmonary endothelium forms a thin semipermeable barrier between the vascular space and the interstitial and alveolar spaces allowing for effective gas exchange while preventing the excess leakage of fluid and protein . However, this barrier becomes severely compromised during ARDS .
First described in yeast , the SUV3 gene was later found to be conserved throughout evolution with orthologs documented in bacteria, plants, nematodes, Drosophila and mammals . The yeast SUV3 protein localizes primarily in the mitochondrial matrix and displays RNA helicase activity . Together with the ribonuclease DSS1, SUV3 forms a RNA degradosome complex  that affects a variety of mitochondrial processes.
Neuropeptides and their role in regulating inflammatory processes is becoming a topic of major interest in clinical medicine. It has been established that substance P and calcitonin gene related peptide are associated with inflammation associated pain . Recently, the role of other neuropeptides has been investigated, especially the neurotrophin family, of which brain derived neurotrophic factor  belongs, and have been shown to play a role in airway inflammation .
Alzheimer Disease  is a neurodegenerative disorder involving severe cognitive decline that is characterized by initial synaptic dysfunction and later extensive neuronal death in the CNS . A hallmark of AD is the presence of extracellular amyloid plaques, formed by aggragated amyloid beta , a 40  or 42 aminoacid long peptide resulting from cleavage of the larger amyloid precursor protein  . For example, in AD patients the levels of soluble Aβ correlate with disease severity, while plaques burden does not.
A large number of new neurons are added to the dentate gyrus  of adult mammals . Despite the wide range of behaviors that appear to require new neuron function, little is known about the specific contribution of new neurons to hippocampal function . Functional gradients have been shown to exist within the hippocampus.
Current efficacy data supporting the routine use of acellular dermal matrices  in postmastectomy tissue expander/implant reconstruction is limited. A multi center, blinded, randomized controlled study was designed to evaluate the effectiveness of ADM in the setting of TE/I reconstruction. The primary objective of the study was to determine whether the use of ADM would decrease patient reported, post operative pain.
Inherited deficiency of hepatic alanine:glyoxylate aminotransferase  in primary hyperoxaluria type 1  or glyoxylate reductase/hydroxypyruvate reductase  in primary hyperoxaluria type 2  results in marked overproduction of oxalate by the liver . High concentrations of oxalate in the urine form complexes and crystals with calcium resulting in urinary tract stones, as well as injury to renal tubule epithelial cells and nephrocalcinosis . Over time there is progressive loss of renal function .
Although the role of B7: CD28 interactions in promoting initial T cell activation is well established, a separate role for B7: CD28 interactions in promoting T cell tolerance has only recently been acknowledged . Investigation of the severe and accelerated diabetes that develops in CD28 deficient  and B7.1/2 double deficient  NOD  mice  revealed that B7: CD28 interactions control regulatory T cells . These NOD mice demonstrate a profound decrease of the CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cell population in both CD28KO and B7DKO mice, and the transfer of this regulatory T cell subset from control NOD animals into CD28 deficient animals can delay/prevent diabetes.
Transforming growth factor βs  are multifunctional cytokines with widespread effects on cell growth and differentiation, migration, and extracellular matrix  deposition, and have key roles in wound repair . The transition from scarless fetal type repair to adult type repair with scar occurs between days 16  and 18  of gestation in fetal rat skin . Our previous results implicated decreased TGF β1 and   β2, and increased TGF β3 expression, as well as decreased type I and II TGF β receptor  expression in scarless early gestation E16 fetal wounds .
TMS holds significant promise as a tool for cognitive neuroscience  as well as psychiatric research in the areas of depression and obsessive compulsive disorder . Present TMS coilss stimulate large regions of tissue at a time limited to areas near the surface of the brain, as the electric field drops as the inverse of the distance to the coil. Hence, present TMS coils generate substantial unwanted stimulation outside the desired region .
A growing consensus has indicated that the temperature sensitivity of the water proton resonant frequency   is the most well suited parameter to exploit to create temperature maps for MRI guidance of thermal therapies. Typically, changes in water PRF are estimated using phase difference images of a gradient echo sequence . Difference images are necessary to remove variations caused by inhomogeneities in the magnetic field.
Podosomes and invadopodia are related cellular structures present in cells with physiologically or pathologically invasive behaviors respectively . The function of both podosomes and invadopodia is considered to be coordinated attachment to, and degradation of, the extracellular matrix , thus facilitating migration and invasion. In contrast, many human cancer cells appear to contain invadopodia constitutively.
During the year 2008, there were about 215,000 new patients diagnosed with lung cancer, more than 80% of whom will die of their disease. Despite tremendous advances in our understanding of cancer biology and developments in cancer therapeutics, the prognosis for lung cancers remains extremely poor . One solution lies in understanding the lung cancer genome and its variations in their entirety, based not only on the histologic type, but also the developmental stages of lung cancers.
Adults rely on intrinsic sources of regulation to manage their emotions and effectively navigate social interactions and the environment . At the neural systems level, emotion regulation is supported by mature amygdalaprefrontal circuitry in healthy adults . Taken together, these studies suggest that the mother is uniquely relevant as an external source of regulation when the child approaches and engages with the environment .
Programmed cell death 4  is a novel tumor suppressor that inhibits tumorigenesis by interfering with translation initiation. Mutational inactivation has been excluded as an underlying mechanism for the loss of Pdcd4 . Upon phosphorylation, the E3 ubiquitin ligase β TrCP1 binds to and facilitates the ubiquitylation of Pdcd4, thus, targeting Pdcd4 for proteasomal degradation ,.
The domestic dog  exhibits the greatest morphologic diversity of any mammal . Variation in size between breeds spans two orders of magnitude with the 1 kg Chihuahua and 100 kg mastiff representing extremes of the continuum. An equally impressive level of variation is apparent when considering conformation.
Endothelial cell proliferation and migration are essential for angiogenesis. Typically, proliferation and chemotaxis of endothelial cells is driven by growth factors such as vascular endothelial growth factor  and basic fibroblast growth factor   . Subsequent steps in the signaling cascade are only partially understood, but VEGF is known to induce increased intracellular calcium , accumulation of inositol 1,4,5 trisphosphate  and 1,2 diacylglycerol , activation of protein kinase C , and tyrosine phosphorylation of both phospholipase Cγ  and phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase   .
The goals of non surgical periodontal therapy  are debridement of bacterial plaque and removal of bacterial products from root surfaces. While this approach is usually successful in arresting periodontal attachment loss, periodontal breakdown may continue to progress in some patients. The periodontal pathogens Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans and Porphyromonas gingivalis are exceptionally difficult to eliminate by debridement alone .
Obsessive compulsive disorder  and Tourette syndrome  are neurodevelopmental disorders with significant phenotypic and genetic overlap., One promising avenue for identifying cross disorder genetic risk factors in neurodevelopmental disorders is the study of genomic copy number variants , segments of DNA ranging from 1 kilobase to several megabases that show deletions or duplications compared to a reference. CNVs predisposed to these disorders overlap substantially, highlighting the cross disorder effects of this class of genetic variation., Both disorders frequently co occur in individuals, and there is evidence for shared OCD/TS genetic risk from family studies,, with genetic correlation estimates ranging from 4190%.,. In OCD, locus specific CNV analyses have been reported,, but no prior genome wide CNV analysis has been performed.
The Mammalian Rel NF κB family of transcription factors play important roles in innate and adaptive immune responses, inflammation, cell survival and cancer, . In this pathway, p100, which is mainly associated with RelB in non stimulated cells, is phosphorylated by IKKα at its C terminal region, leading to K48 linked polyubiquitination also by the SCFIκB complex. This alternative pathway is activated by lymphorganogenic cytokines, such as lymphotoxin  α β heterotrimers and B cell survival and maturation factors, such as CD40 ligand  and BAFF.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by recurrent episodes of hypomania or mania and major depression. Because bipolar disorder may present with depression, individuals who present with major depression may have a major depressive disorder  or a bipolar disorder, which would not be recognized until the occurrence of a defining mania or hypomania. Subthreshold hypomanic symptoms have been posited to be of nosological relevance  though the predictive validity of such symptoms toward the development of a frank bipolar disorder is not established .
Head and neck squamous cell carcinomas  may arise in diverse locations but have a common etiologic association with tobacco and/or alcohol exposure. The management of HNSCC often consists of surgical resection, followed by postoperative radiotherapy or chemoradiation therapy. However, cure rates from chemoradiotherapy or radiation alone, with preservation of organ function, have been reported comparable to those achieved by combined surgery and postoperative radiotherapy.
Biofilms, defined as surface attached bacteria encased in a hydrated polymeric matrix, are the cause of many persistent and chronic bacterial infections. A second type of polysaccharide secreted by bacteria are capsular polysaccharides, which unlike exopolysaccharides remain tightly associated with the cell surface and are important virulence factors . Two different mechanisms have been proposed for capsular polysaccharide production.
Cancer immunoediting, the process whereby the immune system controls tumor outgrowth and shapes tumor immunogenicity, is comprised of three phases: elimination, equilibrium and escape ). Elimination is a modernized view of the older concept of cancer immunosurveillance that now takes into account that efficient tumor destruction requires the coordinated effects of both innate and adaptive immunity. While this pressure is sufficient to control net tumor progression, eventually, if the immune response fails to completely eliminate the tumor, the process results in the selection of tumor cell variants that are able to resist, avoid, or suppress the anti tumor immune response, leading to the escape phase and the outgrowth of clinically apparent cancers  .
Early experience has been shown to have a profound impact on the prevalence of functional bowel disorders. Restricted fetal growth  significantly increases the incidence of irritable bowel syndrome  and a birth weight less than 1500g accelerates the age of symptom onset , most likely due to an immature gastrointestinal tract at birth . Animal models have been employed to study the impact of early experience in both somatic and visceral sensory systems.
Traumatic brain injury  is one of the most common causes of death and long term disability in the pediatric age range . Incidence rates are lower for moderate  and severe  TBI, but these more serious injuries are more often associated with long term disability . Despite their pervasiveness, investigations of outcomes after TBI in school age children indicate that effects may be especially pronounced on measures of perceptual and psychomotor speed, attention, planning and mental flexibility, discourse processing, and verbal recall .
Oligodendrocytes  are necessary for myelination of axons in the central nervous system, and thus essential for proper brain function. In rodents, most OLs are generated during late embryogenesis and early postnatal life . Several cell types are described as the initial oligodendrocyte progenitors: common oligodendrocyte and astrocyte progenitors  , glial restricted precursors , a common neuronoligodendrocyte progenitor in the ventral spinal cord , and adult subventricular zone .
Matrix assisted laser desorption/ionization time of flight mass spectrometry  is a well established rapid, selective, and sensitive analytical tool for characterization of biomolecules. However, limitations of using organic matrix in conventional MALDI mass spectrometry in terms of low mass interference and inhomogeneous co crystallization have encouraged investigation of inorganic materials  as surface assisted laser desorption ionization  substrates. using 30 nm cobalt particles mixed with glycerol.
Activation of N methyl D aspartate receptors  initiates a cascade of molecular events underlying synaptic plasticity and learning . However, NMDARs are not necessary for hippocampal dependent forms of learning and memory under all experimental conditions   and the precise role of NMDARs in synaptic plasticity and memory encoding is not fully understood . NMDARs are heteromeric assemblies composed of an obligatory GluN1 subunit and 1 or more GluN2  subunits .
The acute phase response  is characterized by rapid and dramatic changes in the pattern of proteins produced and released by liver cells in response to a series of pathological conditions such as inflammations, infections and traumas . The APR constitutes an ideal system for the study of the regulation of gene expression. In the liver, the APR is characterized by significant changes in its gene and protein expression profile, resulting in the up regulation of positive acute phase proteins  such as C reactive protein, as well as in the down regulation of negative APPs such as transthyretin  and albumin.
In contrast to most other mammalian cell types, adult neural cells have traditionally been thought of as non regenerative cells. Over the past 20 years, however, our understanding of the reality, importance and consequences of post developmental neural cell proliferation has undergone considerable revision. In turn, neurogenesis is dependent upon a resident population of cells in the brain which can be induced to proliferate in response to various stimuli.
Progressive remodeling of the left ventricular  architecture occurs after myocardial infarction . Therefore, new therapeutic strategies are urgently needed in order to ameliorate both patient prognosis and quality of life . However, these both apply materials that are non biodegradable and result in a permanent foreign body encapsulating the epicardium.
Recent estimates for the incidence of hypertriglyceridemia  levels over 150 mg/dl) is 30% of U.S. adults . However, because hypertriglyceridemia is also associated with more pernicious dyslipidemia  and the metabolic syndrome , its current prevalence and health consequences likely far exceed these estimates. But to date no therapeutic strategy targets GPAT .
Imitation plays a central role in the development of motor control, speech/language/communication, and social life . The Broca's area contains a matching system that facilitates language acquisition through imitation. Children with SLI show poor performance in working memory , in attention control , in procedural memory , in nonverbal cognitive development , in visuospatial processing , and in gross motor control .
Vascular smooth muscle cells  arise from a diverse range of tissues including neural crest, somites, splanchnic mesoderm, gut mesothelium, and epicardium , and past data has demonstrated that many coronary VSMC  are derived from the embryonic epicardium, . While several genes have been identified that are essential for the formation, attachment, and spreading of the epicardium, few genes have been identified that are essential during epithelial to mesenchymal transition  and subsequent differentiation into cVSMC and cardiac fibroblasts . Platelet derived growth factor receptor  tyrosine kinases are one family of signaling proteins that are potentially involved in epicardial cell function.
Several of the biochemical constituents of saliva, such as acidic and basic proline rich proteins , lysozyme, lactoferrin, peroxidase, histatins, cystatins, mucins and secretory immunoglobulins A , have been isolated in sufficient quantities, mostly from pure glandular secretions, enabling studies to investigate their functional roles . More recently, histatins were found to increase the migration of transformed oral buccal epithelial cells in an in vitro model for wound healing . Based on the biological activities of these and other salivary proteins, saliva is believed to represent an early, principal barrier to oral infections, including dental caries and periodontal disease, and to facilitate healing .
The Hsp90/Hsp70 based chaperone machinery that forms signaling protein•Hsp90 heterocomplexes  is also part of the cellular defense against unfolded proteins . Hsp70 and Hsp40, a cochaperone that increases the ATPase activity of Hsp70, are required for the ubiquitin dependent degradation of many proteins , and the constitutive Hsc70 and inducible Hsp70 appear to act equivalently in promoting proteasome dependent degradation  . However, there are many E3 ligases , and it is not known how many of them function in a chaperone dependent manner, although some clearly do .
Toxoplasmosis is a serious infectious disease for humans. It is caused by Toxoplasma gondii, an obligate, intracellular, apicomplexan parasite that infects all human cells and tissues but has special tropism for the eye and the brain. Thus, there is a great need for the development of a safe and potent vaccine .
Despite an overall decline in mortality rates, the gap in mortality rates among socioeconomic status  groups has increased in many countries in the last couple of decades . Although established coronary risk factors such as cigarette smoking, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia are more common in low SES groups, these differences do not account for more than a third of the social gradients in cardiovascular disease in the British civil servants study . Karasek reported that high demands and low control conditions at work were considered stressful .
The costs and benefits of producing communication signals can vary , and therefore individuals should modulate their signalling effort  according to extrinsic factors, such as characteristics of the physical environment or the quality of competition among conspecifics, and to intrinsic factors, such as the signaller’s own physiological state or competitive quality. Such context dependent, behavioral plasticity requires the neural processing of these factors, followed by production of the appropriate motor programs involved in modulating signal production . In most songbird species, adult males attract mates and repel competing males by producing learned vocalizations known as song .
Mitochondria are essential for cellular function and are a sensitive target for damage induced by ischemia reperfusion  injury, such as the overproduction of reactive oxygen species  and overload of Ca2+, both of which can trigger the formation of the mitochondrial permeability transition  pore at reperfusion . Mitochondrial dysfunction has significant implications for post ischemic recovery . Despite being the site of such pathological events, mitochondria are also involved in the protective mechanism of ischemic preconditioning  whereby short non lethal periods of ischemia protect the heart from subsequent prolonged ischemic insults .
Well differentiated neuronal neoplasms composed of small neurons superficially resembling oligodendrocytes  have a tendency to arise within the ventricular system, most often in the septum pellucidum nearby the foramen of Monro. The term “central neurocytoma” is reserved for these lesions. Morphologically similar neoplasms may occur in the cerebral hemispheres or in the spinal cord parenchyma and are therefore referred as “extraventricular neurocytomas”   .
Crystallins, the major structural proteins of the eye lens, are primarily categorized into three distinct families: α, β and γ. The agents that induce oxidative stress include hydrogen peroxide , superoxide, hydroxyl radical, and others. The stress can cause cell death, aging, and development of malignancy.
Microfabrication technologies have been used to chemically and topologically pattern glass coverslips to investigate the influences of such features on neuronal polarity, axon migration and growth cone behaviours. Microfluidic devices can be used to form binary chemical patterns that can be used to present cells with stark differences in the substratum. Patterns can be deposited using microcontact printing,,  but this process is challenging and inefficient for substrate gradients .
suggest that a chemical agent’s optical clearing potential is strongly tied to its ability to screen non covalent, hydrophilic, intermolecular attractive forces resulting in destabilization of high order collagen structures. Unfortunately, these agents typically possess hydrophilic properties, and hence are unsuitable as topically applied agents due to their inability to penetrate through the lipid rich stratum corneum. The primary objective of our study was to evaluate the optical clearing potential of DMSO  when applied topically to in vitro and in vivo skin.
Anemia, bleeding, and other potential indications for allogenic red blood cell  transfusions are common among patients admitted to intensive care units . Historically, pathophysiologic reasoning informed recommendations that a hemoglobin concentration  greater than 10 g/dL should be maintained in this patient population. However, based on more than a decade of clinical research evidence, more recent clinical practice guidelines advocate for using restrictive transfusion thresholds in ICU patients .
Obesity is a serious public health problem of dramatically rising prevalence in recent decades in the United States and the world, with currently over 65% of adults in the U.S. classified as either overweight or obese . Most functional magnetic resonance imaging  studies on obesity have focused on how the condition alters the cortical response to food cues . Regions of increased response include the limbic areas such as the hypothalamus, amygdala, hippocampus, orbitofrontal cortex, and insula .
Retinal microvascular abnormalities that accompany diabetes include arteriolar constriction , capillary dropout, and localized areas of ischemia, the last of which is implicated in the eventual vision problems associated with the pathological growth of new blood vessels . Animal models of diabetes are potentially valuable tools in the investigation of early changes in the diabetic retina. While the use of animal models should allow investigations of the vasoactive mediators potentially responsible for the decreased flow observed in human diabetic patients, to date, there is little information available on the identity of these vasoconstrictors, even in animal models .
Tuberculosis  is an infectious disease caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis  and related species that is most commonly observed as a chronic pulmonary infection . However, the emergence of HIV that sensitizes latently TB infected individuals and the inevitable development of drug resistant TB strains through use of the same antibiotics for more than 50 years has led to a dramatic worldwide rise in TB mortality, which prompted the World Health Organization  to declare TB a global public health emergency. Current efforts to bring TB under control are focused on development of new antibiotics, improved diagnostics, and vaccines .
The cerebellar cortex is one of the best characterized circuits of the central nervous system and is known to play a key role in the precise timing of motor control. Purkinje cells form the sole output of the cerebellar cortex and project to the deep nuclei of the cerebellum  where they form GABAergic synapses. Purkinje cells also exhibit local axon collaterals, which typically bifurcate in the granule cell layer and project back up to the Purkinje cell layer, and occasionally into the molecular layer.
Oxidative damage to DNA leads to activation of poly polymerase , which participates in DNA repair. Within the nucleus, PARP 1 and PARP 2 are the major enzymes that contribute to overall PARP activity induced by DNA damage , and they appear to have specific functions in the DNA repair process . Studies in cell systems demonstrated that over activation of PARP produces cell death by a mechanism that involves translocation of apoptosis inducing factor  from mitochondria to the nucleus .
Malaria is a significant cause of anemia in children living in areas of high and low intensities of transmission . In these children, the prevalence of malarial anemia is over 30%, and in the future, it is likely the prevalence and intensities of malarial anemia will increase as drug resistance in Plasmodium falciparum, already reported to artemisinin in Asia, increases and spreads to Africa and elsewhere. The anemia in malaria has been attributed to destruction of infected and non infected red cells and variable degree of dyserythropoiesis,   and both acute and sub acute infections contribute to the morbidity and mortality associated with malarial anemia , .
Emergency department  evaluation of syncope may benefit from improved epidemiologic understanding of patterns and predictors of short term, cardiac events. Previous studies have examined risk factors at 1 year following an episode of syncope, a timeframe not ideal for decision making in the acute care setting . Recent cohort studies identifying predictors of short term  events after syncope are relatively small ,  and reported prediction models have limited stability and generalizability.
It is well established that pregnant women are at a significantly higher risk of HIV acquisition during pregnancy and breastfeeding than their non pregnant counterparts. Research done in several low and middle income countries show that despite universal antenatal testing, HIV infected babies are born to women who had negative HIV tests during prenatal care, implicating seroconversion during pregnancy. Because of this concern, HIV testing of women at the time of labor and delivery has been implemented at the Grupo Conceiçao, a large public medical group located in Porto Alegre, the capital and largest city in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul.
In cemented total hip arthroplasty, the implant needs a mechanically stable cement bone interface for long term survival. From a surgical perspective, the depth of cement penetration into the bone is dependent on several factors, including cement viscosity , bone preparation technique  and degree of cement pressurization . On the other hand, a strong relationship between the cement bone contact area and the interfacial tensile strength was reported  .
Although vocal communication is essential for the survival of many animal species, the neurophysiological basis of the perception of intra specific communication signals is still not well understood. To study such natural categorization, one must use a model species for which the semantics of vocalizations can be easily derived from the observation of social behaviors. Here, we use semantics to describe call categories obtained from the meaning of vocalizations that is inferred by the behavioral contexts in which vocalizations are emitted.
HisG is an ATP phosphoribosyl transferase  that catalyzes the first step in the biosynthetic pathway for histidine, which also leads to intermediates that play a role in purine biosynthesis. HisG condenses ATP with phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate  to produce phosphoribosyl ATP  and inorganic pyrophosphate  . Histidine biosynthesis is metabolically expensive, requiring 10 enzymatic reactions and consuming an estimated 41 ATP molecules.
In response to injury/infection there is the sequential release of pro inflammatory mediators including complement, histamine, bradykinin and 5 hydroxytryptamine along with cytokines and chemokines that cause cell and edema accumulation. Concomitantly, there are braking signals that temper the severity of this early onset phase including adrenaline, adenosine, steroid hormones, cAMP and counter regulatory cytokines including IL 10. In attempts to enhance our understanding of acute inflammation, we are beginning to realise that, in addition to endogenous checkpoints that temper PMN trafficking there are also signals that control the transition of PMNs to phagocytosing macrophages , IL6/IL6ra complex), scavenge cytokine/chemokine from the inflammatory environment , lipoxins) as well as clear macrophages to the draining lymph nodes  and resolvins) leading to inflammatory resolution.
The central nervous system  is composed of complex networks of synaptically linked neurons. The development and use of neurotropic viruses as an alternative to traditional tract tracing tools have greatly enhanced our understanding of complex neuronal circuitry, particularly the innervation of thoracic and abdominal viscera . Despite this progress there is a paucity of knowledge concerning how injury, particularly spinal cord injury , affects neuronal circuitry.
A “divergent pathway” model has been proposed to conceptualize the development of cutaneous melanoma. , The hypothesis predicts that the former group will be at greater risk of developing melanomas on usually sun exposed body sites such as the head and neck, whereas the latter group will be at greater risk of developing melanoma on body sites with large numbers of melanocytic nevi, such as the back . Several lines of evidence support this divergent etiologic pathway of melanoma development.
Ewing’s sarcoma is a poorly differentiated pediatric and young adult cancer of bone and soft tissue. EWS/FL 1 is the most common chromosome translocation associated with Ewing’s sarcomas . Rapid tumor growth and extensive bone destruction are typical features of this tumor .
The vast majority of Cardiac Magnetic Resonance  is performed using non real time techniques based on either prospective or retrospective processing of physiological signals such as using the ECG to synchronize MRI data acquisition with the cardiac phases, but real time CMR at high spatial resolution has long been a goal of the field. CMR has experienced significant progress over the past 10 years largely due to the introduction of parallel imaging, and its use is now commonplace in clinical CMR , , . Another contributor to real time CMR research is known as dynamic imaging.
The conserved kinase Chk1 is a participant in the first line of defense against DNA damage and replication blocks. The Chk1 proteins consist of two primary domains, the well conserved N terminal kinase domain and the less conserved non catalytic C terminal domain that contains two highly conserved subdomains that we call TRF and GD domains., The C termini of the Chk1 orthologues are phosphorylated following DNA damage and replication blocks. The C terminal domain of vertebrate Chk1 has also been suggested to play an inhibitory role in the kinase activity of the protein.
David Marr  characterized vision as “knowing what is where.” Clearly, a retinotopic map can be made to track object locations in the world if retinotopic target positions are shifted to compensate for eye movements . There are a number of different face aftereffects in the literature . The first experiment studies FAE across eye movements.
Alzheimer’s disease  is a progressive and gradual decline in cognitive function accompanied by extensive neurodegeneration. APP is sequentially cleaved by two membrane bound endoprotease activities, β  and γ secretase. A fragment of 99 amino acids  remains membrane bound, and is in turn rapidly cleaved by γ secretase to generate Aβ.
The delivery of antigen to elicit protective immunity or tolerance represents an area of considerable interest for both vaccine development and the treatment of autoimmunity . The expression patterns of FcγRs and FcRn also differ, since FcγRs are primarily expressed by cells of hematopoietic origin  whereas FcRn is ubiquitously present in cells of diverse origin such as endothelial and epithelial cells . Although the role of FcγRs in antigen uptake and presentation is well documented , there is very limited knowledge concerning a possible function for FcRn .
Coronary thrombosis on a ruptured coronary plaque is the main pathophysiologic event that leads to acute coronary syndromes . Each of these therapeutic interventions, however, has significant limitations. The time required to open a coronary vessel successfully with PCI is, even at the most experienced centers, 90 minutes after presentation to the Emergency Department , during which extensive myocardial necrosis may have already occurred.
Knowledge of the spatial radiofrequency  field distribution is important in a number of MRI applications such as quantitative T1 measurement  and correction of the B1 dependent intensity variation . A number of B1 mapping methods have been introduced . Most methods estimate the RF field distribution as a function of the image intensities.
Soft tissue sarcoma  is a heterogeneous group of mesenchymal malignancies. One of the most prominent characteristics of human STS is their resistance to apoptosis . Because the vast majority of cytotoxic modalities exert their anti tumor effects by inducing tumor cell apoptosis, resistance to apoptosis is one of the most significant challenges in sarcoma chemotherapy.
Although it has been appreciated for decades that folding of RNA into biologically active structures is controlled by the rate of RNA synthesis by RNA polymerase ,, the mechanisms by which RNAP guides RNA folding remain poorly understood. Conversely, RNA structures can influence the rate of transcript elongation either by prolonging pausing through interactions in the RNA exit channel or by sterically blocking reverse translocation  of the RNA 3′ end out of the RNAP active site, . The elemental paused elongation complexes  thus serve as regulatory intermediates whose duration can be modified by nascent RNA structures known to form within the RNA exit channel of RNAP.
Body dysmorphic disorder , a severe disorder characterized by preoccupation with an imagined or slight defect in one’s physical appearance, affects an estimated 1.82.4% of the population . For example,  described a woman who worried excessively about her daughter’s “crooked” nose and tried “pushing on it to make it straight” . reported on a 63 year old male so distressed by the belief he had caused his daughter’s hair to thin that he committed suicide.
We and others have recently described a new subset of antigen presenting cells , termed Interferon producing Killer Dendritic Cells  or Natural Killer Dendritic Cells , that exhibit properties of both natural killer cells  and dendritic cells  . In depth phenotypic analyses established splenic IKDC as a homogeneous CD11cloB220+CD49b+ population, distinct from murine NK by their expression of MHC class II molecules  and from DC by their expression of NK receptors. Upon stimulation in vitro with CpG oligodeoxynucleotides  or in vivo with Listeria monocytogenes  splenic IKDC killed typical NK targets and demonstrated the unique ability to produce interferon gamma , IFN α and interleukin  12 .
Currently emerging and re emerging infectious diseases of zoonotic origin such as highly pathogenic avian influenza A pose a significant threat to human and animal health due to their elevated transmissibility . These drivers can be of an environmental, geographic, demographic, genetic, or other nature. For example, diffusion could be caused by climate, human and avian population density, and other key demographic profiles .
Emergency Medical Dispatchers  play an important role in optimizing acute stroke care and facilitating rapid transport by initiating pre arrival instructions to callers and dispatching emergency resources at the appropriate high level of priority. A more recent study of EMS calls in Germany similarly found that dispatchers recognized stroke in only 51% of stroke patients. The QA Guide version 11.1 of the Medical Priority Dispatch System  is the most widely employed dispatcher guide in the United States.
Telomeres are repetitive DNA sequences that cap and protect chromosomal integrity. Shorter telomere length has been associated with early mortality and outcomes such as cardiovascular and metabolic disease . Much of this work has focused on telomere length in tumor tissue, but studies suggest correlation between telomere length in different tissues, include leukocytes  .
Posttraumatic stress disorder  is a stress linked disorder that affects a substantial proportion of the population, and is particularly prevalent in combat veterans. PTSD can be triggered by acute or chronic exposure to traumatic events, with intensity and duration of trauma considered important determinants in the trajectory of posttraumatic symptoms  There are several animals models of PTSD in the literature, including acute predator exposure , electric tails shocks, single prolonged stress, and inescapable stress, among others . However, efforts to develop paradigms that model chronic stress induced emergence of posttraumatic stress like behaviors have been limited .
The use of phages to treat bacterial infections, phage therapy, is an enigma of Western medicine. Proposed and practiced before the development of antibiotics and before phage genetics was even understood, phage therapy was disgraced and displaced in the West by antibiotics during the 1940s, although it survives even today in Eastern Europe. In concept, phage therapy seems invincible: a self replicating organism selectively killing only a pathogen, amplifying itself only where it is most needed  sites where the pathogen is lurking and abundant.
Acute lung injury  and acute respiratory distress syndrome  remain major challenges in modern intensive care medicine that are still associated with high mortality and morbidity . Although the pivotal role of PMNs in lung injury is unchallenged , molecular mechanisms underlying PMN trafficking in the lung remain obscure. Several targets to control PMN infiltration have been identified and some drug candidates are in clinical trials, but no specific drug is available for treatment of ALI patients today .
Myocarditis is an acute inflammatory disease of the heart which may lead to chronic inflammation of the myocardium and dilated cardiomyopathy  . In myocarditis and DCM, autoantibodies react with cardiac myosin . In animal models of cardiac myosin induced myocarditis, pathogenic roles for CD4+ T cells  and autoantibodies  have been described.
Helicobacter hepaticus  infection was discovered in the early 1990s in mice used in a carcinogenesis study . It has been suggested that a non genotoxic mode of action is involved in the induction of hepatocellular tumors by H. hepaticus. In male mice, increases in the incidences of hepatocellular neoplasms, hemangiosarcomas, total malignant neoplasms and total neoplasms were associated with H. hepaticus infection when accompanied by hepatitis .
RNA interference , a post transcriptional gene silencing method, mediated by small interfering RNA  of 1923 base pairs   has attracted attention for the development of novel highly effective therapeutics. Therefore, a considerable interest is being devoted to the development of non viral gene delivery vehicles  . Extracellular stability is essential for resistance of the delivery system against the aggressive biological environment en route to the target tumor site, while availability of the nucleic acids is required to permit efficient therapeutic effects within the cancer cells.
Diuretic drugs are central to the treatment of hypertension. It is therefore appropriate to consider ways in which their benefit can be optimized. Placebo controlled trials have demonstrated that diuretics are highly efficacious in reducing cerebrovascular accidents and yield a smaller but significant reduction in non fatal myocardial infarction.
Most mutations induced by carcinogens occur when DNA containing residual damage is replicated during S phase of the cell cycle. Originally examined in budding yeast, Lawrence and colleagues determined that replication blocking lesions in the template strand can be bypassed by proteins in the RAD6 DNA damage tolerance pathway . These mechanisms are conserved but with additional layers of complexity in higher eukaryotes .
Antiretroviral  adherence is a key determinant of clinical outcomes, including viral load suppression, emergence of drug resistance, and progression to AIDS and death . In the past decade, there has been a marked expansion in the distribution of highly active antiretroviral therapy  in resource constrained countries, as a result of international initiatives such as the US government's President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. Studies from low resource settings have reported adherence rates that are equivalent to or higher than those in resource rich countries .
Most current research involving measurement of gaze direction  employs video based eyetracking devices, which provide a relatively simple and cost effective way of obtaining two dimensional records. For angles of eye position up to ±30 deg relative to straight ahead, the pupil center shifts approximately linearly with eye position, while the minified corneal reflection shifts considerably less. The horizontal and vertical differences between pupil center and corneal reflection location, once they have been calibrated using fixation targets at known locations, provide fairly accurate estimates of eye position.
Because of its great importance, isoprene  and its oxidation reactions have been studied for many decades. , Isoprene is produced by plants under heat stress, and it has been suggested that isoprene protects plant membranes from thermal shock. Approximately 500 teragrams of isoprene are emitted into the atmosphere annually, and consequently, the process of isoprene oxidation has significant effects on atmospheric chemistry.
Successful behavior requires continuous coordination between the initiation and inhibition of actions, the latter being particularly important when sudden changes in the situation call for an alteration, or even the cancellation, of a planned or ongoing behavior. Recent years have seen enormous interest in the Stop signal task. The dominant view contends that, in response to a Stop stimulus, a signal from the inferior and/or medial frontal cortex is sent to the basal ganglia to cancel the motor program triggered by the Go stimulus.
Lung transplantation has the potential to increase survival and improve quality of life for patients suffering from end stage lung disease. Due to the shortage of available donor organs and high mortality on the waiting list, the allocation system for lung transplantation in the United States has undergone considerable evolution over the past decade. Prior to 2005, the allocation system was based upon the amount of time accrued on the waiting list.
A greater understanding of the molecular pathways driving tumor initiation and proliferation has heralded an age of targeted therapies for cancer. The therapeutic successes of these drugs are satisfying from both the scientific and medical perspectives. Here, we further characterize its role in the context of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma  .
The trillions of microbial cells that reside within the intestine shape aspects of host metabolism and immune function and extend the physiological definition of humans . Protracted loss of the typical composition has been associated with several disorders including inflammatory bowel diseases . Therefore, the mechanisms that link relevant variables, such as changes in diet, to changes in the microbiome, are integral to understanding how environmental factors and behavior influence human biology .
Activation induced deaminase  catalyzes two B cell specific DNA alteration events, somatic hypermutation  and class switch recombination  . During SHM, point mutations are introduced into variable  region exons and the immediate downstream intronic J region, thereby enhancing the DNA sequence diversity of V regions to allow the selection of B cell clones with increased affinity for antigens . Since B cells activated with different stimuli undergo distinct differentiation pathways and display unique signatures of gene expression , we hypothesize that the process to generate AID mediated DSBs may be differentially regulated in distinct B cell populations .
Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation  is commonly used for the relief of acute and chronic pain. To examine efficacy of any treatment for pain, including TENS, it should be compared to an adequate placebo that allows evaluation of its physiological effect . Placebo induced expectancies decrease pain and modulate specific neural mechanisms , , .
Shotgun proteomics is a method of identifying proteins in a complex mixture by digesting a protein mixture to peptides prior to analysis. The resulting MS/MS spectra are then searched against a protein sequence database using a database searching algorithm to produce a peptide spectrum match  . Data acquisition in this manner can be used to acquire the precursor mass of the peptide at high resolution and high mass accuracy while maintaining the speed and sensitivity of the linear ion trap for acquisition of MS/MS spectra .
Axon regeneration in the mature mammalian brain and spinal cord is extremely limited after injury. Presumably, recovery would be improved if axon regeneration could be achieved and if regenerating axons re established functional synapses below the injury level . The extent of axon regeneration depends on the intrinsic capacity of mature neurons to re grow axons  and extrinsic inhibitors in myelin and the glial scar .
Ventricular arrhythmias commonly occur after successful resuscitation from cardiac arrest with a reported incidence of ventricular fibrillation  as high as 79%. Some studies have reported an inverse relationship between the number of VF episodes and survival. These episodes were noted to occur within a time window of 23 to 115 seconds with a median of 45 seconds after the return of spontaneous circulation.
The discovery of DNA vaccine technology in the early 1990s was a major event in the history of vaccinology due to the many unique features of DNA immunization, including its ability to elicit balanced antibody and T cell immunity . Animal studies further demonstrated that DNA immunization is effective in eliciting higher levels of antigen specific B cell responses . Several pattern recognition receptors  have been identified which respond to DNA molecules .
Parity has a nonlinear association with cardiovascular events;,  with the minimum incidence in women with 2 births, a slightly higher incidence in nulliparas and primiparas, and a sharply higher incidence for women with higher parity. Parity is also associated with greater LV mass. Thus childbearing may have long lasting effects on the cardiovascular system, but the mechanism is unknown.
Lung cancer is the second most prevalent cancer occurring in both men and women in the United States, accounting for 162,000 deaths in 2008 , more than any other cancer. High risk populations include smokers and former smokers, as well as individuals exposed to second hand smoke, asbestos, and radon. Presently, there is no easily applied screening protocol for lung cancer similar to those used for breast, prostate, and colon cancers.
While sensory input is complex and dynamic, it also contains regularities that have shaped sensory systems over phylogenetic time . Statistical learning refers to an unconscious process by which regularities are automatically segmented from continuous environments, where the only cues for segmentation are statistics of co occurrence between specific stimuli. Such learning also occurs for visual regularities consisting of repeated spatial and temporal configurations of shapes, locations, motions, and actions .
Fear extinction is a form of learning in which the expression of a conditioned fear response is reduced after repeated experience of a conditioned stimulus in the absence of a unconditioned aversive stimulus . There is growing evidence that fear conditioning and fear extinction are independent forms of learning that are mediated by partially dissociable neural mechanisms . Such models can be applied in a variety of ways; for example, phenotypic surveys of mouse inbred strains provide a valuable approach to identifying genetically associated variation in behavior and neural circuitry .
Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation  is a high risk medical procedure that is utilized worldwide as therapy for many malignant and non malignant hematologic diseases., The number of autologous and allogeneic transplants performed continues to rise, particularly as outcomes have significantly improved over the past few decades. Clinical research has played an important role in advances of standard of care seen in HSCT patients over time,, which has led to improved supportive care, better understanding of disease risks, and newer treatment approaches. Nonetheless, efficacy is still limited by short and long term treatment related complications.
ATP binding cassette  transporters constitute a large family of integral membrane proteins that utilize the energy of ATP hydrolysis to translocate ions, lipids, nutrients and drugs across lipid bilayers. ABC exporters are medically important since their members contribute to antibiotic or antifungal resistance of human pathogens, the development of multiple drug resistance , and several human genetic disorders due to protein dysfunctions. ABC exporters share a common architecture including a minimum of two transmembrane domains  and two highly conserved nucleotide binding domains .
In metazoans, germline tissue is required for the transmission of genetic information from one generation to the next. In fruitflies, PGCs are initially specified by maternally derived mRNAs and other germ plasm components that are localized to the posterior end of the early embryo . The PGCs then begin to proliferate, and between 4 and 5 hpf they transition from round, immotile cells into a polarized migratory population , localizing to the anterior and lateral boundaries of the mesoderm during gastrulation .
Atherosclerosis, the disease process responsible for the leading cause of death in the industrialized world, is driven by a chronic, maladaptive inflammatory response . In this regard, many of the characteristics of clinically dangerous advanced plaques, including thinning of a protective “cap” of subendothelial collagen, oxidative stress, defective clearance of dead cells , and tissue damaging necrosis, suggest that this resolution process is defective in these lesions . However, more proof in vivo is needed to support this concept.
Stress to a cell can trigger the activation of a specialized group of mitogen activated protein kinase  cascades that induce cell death . The activated ASK1 phosphorylates and activates two different downstream kinases, MKK4/MKK7 and MKK3/MKK6. Furthermore, it has been demonstrated that knocking down of ASK1 in embryonic fibroblasts causes the cells to become resistant to H2O2 and TNF induced apoptosis, and overexpression of a constitutively active form of ASK1 in cell induces caspase 3 dependent apoptosis .
Epilepsy is a common neurological disorder . In temporal lobe epilepsy, the most common type of epilepsy in adults, seizures initiate in the mesial temporal lobe . In tissue from patients, dentate granule cells are hyperexcitable .
The Ubiquitin Proteasome System  and the HDAC6 dependent lysosomal pathway are two major pathways for protein turn over within eukaryotic cells . The proteasome inhibitor Bortezomib  has recently been licensed for the treatment of refractory multiple myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma and it is currently being examined as a treatment for several cancer types including ovarian carcinoma . PS 341 exhibits selective anti tumor activity against ovarian cancer cells in vitro, but in a xenograft model only slowed ovarian tumor growth .
Ultraviolet radiation  spectrum of solar light represents the major skin stressor. The mutagenic and genotoxic effects of UVR are predominantly related to absorption of UVB by DNA which acts as chromophores for wavelengths in the range of 290320 nm . Exposure to UVR causes DNA damage in form of primarily cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers  and to lower degree of pyrimidine photoproducts PPs .
Eukaryotic secretory and membrane proteins are translated on the endoplasmic reticulum  membrane, facilitating translocation across the lipid bilayer and integration of membrane domains. Once folded, newly synthesized proteins are packaged into transport vesicles that mediate delivery between the ER and Golgi . COPII consists of five distinct polypeptides: Sar1p, Sec23p, Sec24p, Sec13p, and Sec31p.
In the United States, 50,000 patients are affected by multiple myeloma , 16,000 patients are newly diagnosed with MM, and 11,000 MM patients die of the disease each year . MM is a late stage B cell malignancy characterized by the infiltration of malignant plasma cells in bone marrow, and is associated with high monoclonal  protein in the blood. MM can occur de novo or it can evolve from benign monoclonal gammapathy of undetermined significance  that involves in low levels of bone marrow plasmacytosis and M protein.
We previously reported models that characterized the synergistic interaction between remifentanil and sevoflurane in blunting responses to verbal and painful stimuli. This preliminary study evaluated the ability of these models to predict a return of responsiveness  during emergence from anesthesia and a response to tibial pressure when patients required analgesics in the recovery room. We hypothesized that model predictions would be consistent with observed responses.
The T cell receptor :CD3 complex mediates numerous downstream signaling events at multiple developmental stages to ensure optimal T cell development, peripheral function, and a finely tuned and effective adaptive immune system . This feature is not unique to CD3ε as it was previously shown that a similar motif in the CD3ζ cytoplasmic domain binds to acidic phospholipids and is required for stable TCR:CD3 synapse formation . Accumulating data thus propose a model in which the CD3ε and CD3ζ cytoplasmic domains associate with the lipid membrane in resting T cells and TCR ligation induces a triggering event that initiates the release of the CD3ε and CD3ζ cytoplasmic domains, facilitating signal transduction.
Bladder diverticula are defined as outpouchings of the urothelial lining through the muscularis layer of the bladder wall. They may result from congenital weakness of the bladder wall at the level of the ureterovesical junction  or may be acquired as a result of increased intravesical pressure, typically in the context of lower urinary tract obstruction . Bladder diverticula may sometimes harbor tumors, classically thought to be secondary to urinary stasis with chronic infection and inflammation leading to metaplasia and subsequent tumor formation.
The intestinal epithelium plays a central role in orchestrating organ function through nutrient absorption and by providing a barrier between the environment and underlying tissues. As the epithelium remodels, proliferative progenitor cells become restricted to intervillus regions, which mark the future sites of crypts where intestinal stem cells and secretory Paneth cells will reside  . One family of factors implicated in enterocyte development is the GATA family of zinc finger DNA binding transcription factors, specifically GATA4 and GATA6.
Oscillatory activity is a ubiquitous feature of neuronal dynamics. It has been suggested that the synchronous discharge of neuronal assemblies might provide a mechanism to couple distributed processing over different neuronal populations . Many studies investigating oscillatory activity have focussed on linear coupling between nodes of a network at the same frequency .
Body’s stress controlling mechanism that are disrupted and implicated in tumor progression causally connected to enhanced body’s immune defense system. Specifically, increased cancer incidence, malignancy and growth rate has been shown to be prevalent in patients with chronic stress, whereas managing stress of these patients promoted immune function that fights against their cancer . The increasing understanding of the mechanism and control of the neuroimmune system in the regulation of cancer chemoprevention offers promise for the design of therapeutic strategies.
Sarcoidosis is a granulomatous inflammatory disorder that can affect multiple organs . Pulmonary involvement occurs in more than 90% of cases . However, spontaneous remission may occur and, therefore, the optimal approach for initiating and titrating treatment is still controversial .
A major driver of spatial attention is one’s prior knowledge about where important events may appear. The attentional guidance view conceptualizes contextual cueing as a form of attentional guidance . The attentional guidance account is contrasted with a post selection decision account, which states that implicit learning does not affect the deployment of spatial attention before the target is found.
In addition to functioning as a barrier and absorptive organ, intestinal epithelial cells  are involved in defense and inflammatory diseases by releasing multiple cytokines and inflammatory mediators . For Example, TLR 2 recognizes peptidoglycan, a main cell wall component of Gram positive bacteria, lipoprotein, lipotechoic acid and lipopeptides , TLR 4 recognizes lipopolysaccaride  of G  bacteria , TLR 9 binds to unmethylated CpG DNA of bacteria  and TLR 11 recognizes T. gondii profilin . These adaptor molecules act independently or in combination based on the TLRs and activate MAPK  and NF κB resulting in the transcription of inflammatory and immunomodulatory genes include chemokines, cytokines and co stimulatory molecules .
Dysregulation of the hedgehog signalling pathway has been linked to the development and progression of a variety of different human tumors including cancers of the skin, brain, colon, prostate, blood, and pancreas. We assessed the clinicopathological factors that are potentially related to expression of Gli1, the transcription factor that is thought to be the most reliable marker of hedgehog pathway activation in bladder cancer . Bladder cancer cases were identified from the New Hampshire State Cancer Registry as histologically confirmed primary bladder cancer diagnosed between January 1, 2002, and July 31, 2004.
Two characteristics, inhibition by intracellular ATP and activation by MgADP, define ATP sensitive potassium  channels and underlie their ability to respond to metabolic changes inside a cell . Different KATP channels have different metabolic sensitivities . This property allows the pancreatic KATP channels to regulate insulin .
Alveolar soft part sarcoma  is a malignant neoplasm of unknown histogenesis that typically arises in the soft tissues of children and young adults . Characteristic for ASPS, most tumors in that original study arose within  the skeletal muscle of the extremity, or less commonly in the buttock, tongue, or abdominal wall . The characteristic histologic features of ASPS include an organoid arrangement of dyscohesive epithelioid tumor cells, wherein nests of cells are separated by fibrovascular septae .
Autistic and psychotic disorders have historically been considered as related diagnostic entities. ASD and SZ share common neurobiological processes  and genetic risk factors . In particular, formal thought disorder in ASD has been found to be induced by anxiety and stress .
Bone morphogenetic protein 4  is a member of the transforming growth factor beta  superfamily of secreted signaling ligands. Given the high amino acid identity between the mature peptides of human Bmp4 and Bmp2  and Bmp4 and Dpp  , it has been proposed that these proteins could function interchangeably. For example, homozygous knockout embryos that survive beyond gastrulation have delayed liver bud morphogenesis .
Disruption in circadian rhythms and perceived changes in sleep continuity and architecture are common features of psychiatric disorders. Similar results have been found for plasma melatonin  and plasma cortisol in BPD. Furthermore, BPD and schizophrenia  have been shown to be associated with later bedtime and increased nocturnal activity  .
Elucidating how risk factors interact over time may facilitate targeting and tailoring interventions to improve outcomes. For instance, while depressive symptoms have been associated with poor cardiovascular outcomes , Ferketich et al. noted they may be associated with higher risk for men than women . Among women, an interaction between race and increasing body mass index may lead to higher mortality for whites than blacks .
The effects of acetylcholinesterase  inhibitors on the symptoms of dementia of the Alzheimer type  can be highly variable. Although AChE inhibitors demonstrate modest overall benefits compared with placebo for stabilizing or slowing decline in mild to moderate Alzheimer’s disease, summary estimates show small effect sizes. It is not currently possible to identify those who will respond to treatment prior to treatment.
Urea Cycle Disorders  comprise several inherited deficiencies of enzymes or transporters necessary for the synthesis of urea from ammonia . UCD incidence is estimated to be ~1:8200 live births. .
Photoacoustic imaging  has been used extensively in pre clinical models of human disease including prostate, breast, and ovarian cancer. Small molecule agents include methylene blue or indocyanine green with very intensephotoacoustic signal. Fluorophore, fluorescent proteins, quenchers, and activatable hybrid molecules, are also members of this category.
Anatomical alignment of the lower extremity has been proposed as a risk factor for lower extremity injuries, in particular, knee injuries. Among these lower extremity alignment variables, the quadriceps angle  has been frequently studied, which is defined as the angle formed by a line from the anterior superior iliac spine to the patella center and a line from the patella center to the tibial tuberosity. As Q angle represents the direction of the quadriceps muscle force vector in the frontal plane, excessive angulation is thought to predispose individuals to injuries caused by abnormal quadriceps forces acting at the knee and patellofemoral joints.
Epithelial cells are central participants in mucosal immunity against microbial infection in the gastrointestinal tract. The epithelial cells can produce antimicrobial molecules, proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines in response to microbial infection. This host immune response is finely controlled and reflects a delicate balance between effector functions and their potential to cause unwanted damage to healthy tissues .
Huntington's disease  is a dominantly inherited neurodegenerative disorder caused by the expansion of a CAG repeat within the HD gene encoding huntingtin . The HD CAG expansion initiates a protracted cascade of events that results initially in the degeneration of medium spiny neurons in the striatum, motor, cognitive and psychiatric decline and eventual death . Significantly, age of onset and disease severity are highly dependent on CAG length .
Three randomized trials indicate that circumcised men have lower risk of acquisition of human immunodeficiency virus  than uncircumcised men,  and prevention interventions focusing on male circumcision  are being introduced worldwide. Whether MC is associated with women's risk of acquisition of HIV or other sexually transmitted infections , however, has not been well studied. is a necessary cause  which is significantly lower in women with circumcised male partners. )
There is consistent epidemiologic evidence that self reported long sleep  is associated with increased mortality and numerous morbidities, including hypertension, stroke, coronary heart disease, and diabetes. These hazards have increased in a dose response pattern with increases in sleep duration beyond 7 h, and have persisted following control for multiple factors, including sleep apnea, depression, health status, and medication use. Notwithstanding these data, the hypothesis that long sleep could be hazardous has not been widely accepted, perhaps particularly since 8 h of sleep is commonly assumed to be ideal for health.
Alzheimer’s disease  is a genetically complex disorder characterized by neurodegeneration and progressive cognitive dysfunction. Risk for AD is likely influenced by a variety of genes affecting multiple biological pathways. In an effort to identify these susceptibility genes, well over 1,000 genetic association studies have been published implicating or refuting nearly 600 different loci as potential AD loci.
Transcription factor binding to genetic regulatory elements initiates gene expression. This process is regulated through signaling cascades that modify proteins to permit their binding. Regional chromatin structure is determined by epigenetic mechanisms including DNA methylation, a repressive DNA modification.
A growing body of evidence supports the contention that epithelial cancers including the colorectal cancer are diseases driven by a small set of self renewing cells, termed cancer stem cells  or cancer initiating cells, that are distinct from the bulk of the cells in the tumor . Two recent transgenic animal studies have demonstrated that crypt stem cells are the cell of origin of intestinal cancers . CSC possess not only the ability to self renew but also differentiate and can give rise to heterogeneous tumors .
Long interspersed elements type 1  are the most abundant transposable elements in both human and mouse genomes. For example, the mouse genome contains 3600,000 copies of L1, with 33,000 full length, potentially active copies . L1 replicates in the genome by retrotransposition, a copy and paste mechanism involving reverse transcription of an RNA intermediate.
Intraoperative resident participation is integral to any surgical training program. With recent technological advancements and an emphasis on minimally invasive procedures, numerous surgical fields now train their residents in robotic procedures . In Urology, many programs utilize robotic prostatectomy  to familiarize residents with appropriate robotic technique  .
Most currently available vaccines work by eliciting antibody responses and are relatively inefficient at inducing cellular immunity. Yet, the latter is vital for resistance to a wide panel of pathogens, including Mycobacterium tuberculosis and the malaria parasite, as well as being a critical element of anti tumor immunotherapy. This may be due in part to the fact that in humans DNA vaccines are administered in a small volume.
Conjugated equine estrogen  was introduced into clinical practice in 1941 for the treatment of menopausal symptoms and related conditions. Histological examination of biopsies from women taking CEE showed proliferation of the endometrial lining, but the addition of a synthetic progestin prevented this action . Observational clinical and laboratory studies supported the view that HRT users had a reduced risk of coronary heart disease and atherosclerosis .
The development of vaccines against a wide variety of infectious diseases is one of the greatest accomplishments of the scientific community. However, the World Health Organization  and the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunizations  report that almost 27 million children worldwide do not receive vaccines. Nonetheless, WHO estimates that the annual number of deaths worldwide caused by RV is between 40,000 to 70,000, and an estimated 10 million people receive post exposure prophylaxis  after exposure to potentially infected animals.
Multiple myeloma  is a malignancy of the plasma cells and remains incurable despite recent advances in therapy. Non Hodgkin's lymphoma  is the most common cancer of the lymphatic system and represents a heterogenous group of diseases. Depending on the type of NHL, the response to treatment could vary greatly from being curable to being resistant to available therapies.
In normal, non pathological aging, even in the absence of ocular pathology, humans and monkeys exhibit deficits in visual function . Since these changes cannot be explained by ocular deficits, they have been hypothesized to be due to functional and/or degenerative changes in central visual areas such as the visual cortices . It has been shown that relative to young monkeys, V1 neurons of old monkeys lose orientation and direction selectivity while exhibiting an increased excitability .
In many mammalian species, unmated females show repeated estrous cycles during which females are sexually receptive on only one or a few days of the cycle. For example, female Syrian hamsters, Mesocricetus auratus, have a very regular four day estrous cycle in which the female is only sexually receptive on one day . Such negative results have been found when using the whole body of female donors but preventing the subject males from contacting those females , either when odors of both stimulus females were presented at the same time , or one at a time .
Consequences resulting from excessive alcohol consumption are responsible for considerable disease burden . The focus on readiness is based in large part on the assumption that there is a clear association between readiness and outcome . But stage matched interventions may not be more effective than those that do not specifically address stage of change , and there is conflicting evidence regarding the relationship between readiness to change and outcome .
Parenteral nutrition  is a major contributing factor to the long term survival of children with intestinal failure . IF results in prolonged PN dependence secondary to intestinal malabsorption. During this time, PN provides necessary fluids and micro  and macronutrients to prevent dehydration and promote growth and neurodevelopment .
The compromised ability of older persons to carry out a wide range of activities of daily living has been associated with a number of adverse outcomes including institutionalization  and death . Despite these adverse consequences, there remains little known about factors that predict change in functional ability in aging . Functional ability requires the integration of diverse cognitive, sensory, and motor information.
The Wolbachia infected mosquito cell line, Aa23, established from infected Aedes albopictus  embryos , provides an important tool for understanding metabolic interactions between an obligate intracellular bacterium and its mosquito host cell. Growth of Aa23 cells proceeds by formation of cell clusters that detach from the substrate as floating aggregates of tightly adherent cells, which attain sizes easily visible to the naked eye. Because these clusters are impossible to dissociate for routine quantification, we investigated other options for quantitative comparisons between infected cells and uninfected cells generated by treatment with the broad spectrum antibiotic, tetracycline.
The niche concept is fundamental to our understanding of range dynamics. The niche is usually defined as the combination of environmental conditions that allow a species to persist . Populations with a positive growth rate should also have a positive carrying capacity K .
Any sound will activate neurons throughout auditory cortex, but we know little about how the activity of neural populations is “read out”. In addition to spike rate, response latencies can encode sensory events , but it is unclear what would serve as a temporal “reference”, given that the brain has no independent measure of stimulus onset. Relative latency codes are particularly attractive because they could potentially facilitate rapid behavioral judgments  .
Human breast cancer, from which the T 47D cell line was derived, is known to overexpress the gastrin releasing peptide receptor  in some cases. Bombesin , an agonist for the GRPR, has been appended with a radionuclide capable of positron emission tomography  imaging and therapy. 64Cu NO2A 8 Aoc BBNNH2  has produced high quality microPET images of GRPR positive breast cancer xenografted tumors in mice .
Major histocompatibility Complex  encodes for the HLA class II genes, the most polymorphic genes in the human genome. Recently it was suggested that CD4 T cells, positively selected on the basis of class II alleles, are predetermined to generate a specific immune response . We are exposed to many microbes, some beneficial and other pathogenic.
Insulin resistance is a key factor in the development of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus  and is characterized by normal or elevated insulin levels with reduced biological response . Successful clinical interventions are an important tool to improve insulin sensitivity so as to reduce the risk of developing T2DM and improve glycemic control in those with Type 2 diabetes. Pharmaceutical drugs are commonly used to improve insulin sensitivity but they are often accompanied with adverse side effects.
Bone marrow derived myeloid cells, particularly neutrophils  and macrophages, are key regulators of tumor progression and metastasis. One of the major tumor promoting functions of these cells is their facilitation of angiogenesis ). PMNs and macrophages contribute to angiogenesis via a variety of well established mechanisms.
Checklists have been reported to substantially decrease rates of adverse outcomes in surgical patients in controlled settings. Initial studies of safety checklist use in the operating room reported a 36% reduction in surgical complications  and a 47% reduction in mortality . Numerous studies  and systematic reviews have since corroborated these findings.
The regulation of sleep is of vast clinical importance. Insomnia and circadian disorders are costly in both economic and human health terms. Sleep is believed to be controlled by both circadian and homeostatic systems, which ensure that sleep needs are met.
Epidemiological studies have consistently shown beneficial effects of moderate consumption of ethanol in reducing ischemic heart disease, . Acute ethanol administration can also protect the heart and isolated cardiomyocytes from ischemic injury, although the acute cytoprotective effect of ethanol depends critically on the dose and timing of administration, . We also found that ethanol preconditioning results in mitochondrial translocation of PKCε, increased ALDH2 activity and reduced cardiac injury, in vivo.
Ewing's sarcoma is an aggressive bone associated tumor that affects the pediatric population. The majority of Ewing's sarcomas harbor a reciprocal translocation, t, which links a strong transcriptional activation domain from EWSR1 to the ETS DNA binding portion of FLI1 . EWS/FLI is thought to function as a transcriptional activator .
Chromosome ends are protected by telomeres which prevent DNA damage response and degradation . Telomeres form a large duplex loop mediated by single strand invasion of a G rich overhang . Telomeres shorten in cultured cells to a critical length which induces senescence or apoptosis .
Renal cell carcinoma  is the third most common urological cancer after prostate and bladder cancer, accounting for about 3% of all human malignancies in adults . The majority of RCC cases are of the clear cell subtype , but approximately 10% of tumors are of the papillary subtype and approximately 5% the chromophobe subtype. Besides surgical intervention, RCC is not sensitive to chemotherapy or radiotherapy.
A variety of natural products with a vast range of biological activities have polyketide and nonribosomal peptide fragments joined together. Frequently, these scaffolds arise from hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase  polyketide synthase  assembly lines. In some cases, the polyketide backbone predominates as in rapamycin and FK506,, where a single NPRS derived pipecolate is embedded in a polyketide framework.
Structured diagnostic interviews are used in large scale surveys as a way to eliminate clinician bias, improve standardization of diagnosis, and assess prevalence of psychiatric disorders in national studies . The World Health Organization  Composite International Diagnostic Interview Version 3.0  is a standardized diagnostic interview designed to assess current and lifetime mental disorders according to the definitions and criteria of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders IV . The primary features of the CIDI are its reliance on respondents' self report and standardization of administration by reliable non clinicians after a relatively brief training period  .
Status epilepticus  is a major medical and neurological emergency that requires immediate treatment to avoid significant morbidity and mortality. Status epilepticus has been estimated to affect as many as 200,000 people in the United States annually and causes as many as 55,000 deaths per year . Despite significant improvements in the diagnosis and treatment of SE over the past 30 years, SE in adults is still associated with a significant morbidity and mortality .
The ade6 gene of fission yeast encodes a phosphoribosylaminoimidazole carboxylase required for the de novo synthesis of purines . Cells with mutations in ade6 are auxotrophic for adenine, but grow as efficiently as wild type when adenine is added to the media . Early work based on these properties identified nearly 400 different alleles of ade6 and about 46,000 additional alleles were created in the following five decades .
Spinal Muscular Atrophy  is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by loss of motor neurons and atrophy of the muscle . The incidence of SMA is 1 in 10,000 live births, with a carrier frequency of 1 in 4060 . In humans, the SMA determining region on chromosome 5q contains two genes Survival Motor Neuron 1  and SMN2.
Adolescent use of alcohol and cannabis are major public health and legal concerns in all Western countries, given the evidence of association with concurrent and future harm . However, it has been difficult for countries to develop laws and implement policies that limit drinking and marijuana use among adolescents while minimizing economic and social costs . National laws and policies tend to range between strict penalty and punishment and harm minimization .
Suspensions of stabilized microbubbles have been approved as commercial contrast agents for ultrasound imaging. The highly non linear response of the microbubbles provides novel opportunities for diagnostic imaging . Potential cardiovascular applications presently under study include directed delivery of gases, drugs, genes and stem cells, and enhanced thrombolysis .
Structural interventions are increasingly touted as necessary for quelling the HIV/AIDS epidemic  and for preventing the spread of HIV among youth . Structural change interventions modify aspects of the social, economic, and political environments that influence public health problems . We know little about the implementation of structural interventions or about the role of youth in such efforts .
Aortic aneurysms are characterized by abnormal enlargements of the aorta caused by global or localized weakness of the vessel wall. For example, mutations in the fibrillin 1  or type III alpha 1 collagen gene  genes are responsible for Marfan syndrome and vascular Ehlers Danlos syndrome , , respectively. Heterozygous missense mutations in ACTA2  were also found in 14% of inherited TAADs .
Creating surfaces with defined topography is a simple way to manipulate the environment that a cell experiences on the micrometer and nanometer scale. As a result, there has been increasing attention given to the study of the impact of these factors on the characteristics of cells maintained in vitro. More recent work in this area has largely exploited the development of new, more enabling protocols for fabricating substrates that provide attachment points or guidance cues for cellular attachment and growth.
Epidemiological and toxicological evidence suggests lower risk of smokeless tobacco  products compared to cigarettes. Less is known, however, about consumer perceptions and use of novel forms of ST, including snus and dissolvable tobacco . In this study, we conducted in person experimental auctions in Buffalo, NY, Columbia, SC, and Selinsgrove, PA with 571 smokers to test the impact of information and product trials on smokers’ preferences.
Researchers studying empathy typically have focused on empathic responses to others’ negative emotions rather than positive emotions. Positive affect has been related to benefits in a variety of domains of functioning , but the relations of vicariously induced positive affect  to other socio emotional competencies, such as social adjustment, seldom have been examined. The main purpose of this study was to examine the reliability of a new measure of children’s dispositional positive empathy and to examine the concurrent and longitudinal relations of positive empathy to positive emotion, empathy/sympathy, and social competence .
Dental enamel is the hardest tissue in the human body. It consists of a highly organized layer of calcium hydroxyapatite crystals that covers dentin to form the crown of a tooth. Dental enamel contains less than 1% organic material, whereas other mineralized tissues contain about 20% organics .
Data are still conflicting regarding the use of menopausal hormone therapy  in postmenopausal women relative to the risk benefit ratio for coronary heart disease . The inconsistency of results of the CHD risk benefit ratio found in randomized trials and those in some observational studies may be at least partially explained by the older age of participants, and delayed start of HT in the Women’s Health Initiative , which did not correspond to the traditional use of HT, most frequently used clinically perimenopausally . This discrepancy was recently validated in a WHI analysis demonstrating cardiovascular protection for women starting HT closer to menopause compared to those starting therapy late  .
Osteoarthritis  is a disease characterized by structural changes in the diarthrodial joints including focal degradation of articular cartilage with related changes in subchondral bone. These structural changes are associated with an illness characterized by joint pain that leads to activity limitation, physical disability and decreased health related quality of life. Knee OA is a highly prevalent condition representing a huge economic burden on health care systems .
Alzheimer's disease , the prevalent neurodegenerative disorder of old aged humans, has a complex symptomatology that includes deterioration of cognitive function and progressive memory loss. Although AD has been associated with the presence of neuritic plaques and neurofibrilary tangles in specific brain regions, this symptomatology is likely caused by synaptic dysfunction and neuronal loss . What triggers this neuronal pathology is still not known .
Cancer is the second leading cause of human death in the U.S. The clinical management of cancer invariably involves diverse conventional modalities, including surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy. Novel therapeutic agents and ethanopharmacological screenings provide scientists with an alternative avenue to discover active components and compounds to treat cancer with traditional medicines like botanicals.
Human papillomaviruses  infect epithelial cells causing benign lesion or warts, which in some rare cases can progress to malignancy. The most important subset medically are the anogenital infective mucosal “high risk” HPVs types  that cause lesions, particularly on the cervix that, upon persistent infection, may progress to cancer. The early and late regions are separated by the long control region  that contains at its 3′ end, replication and transcription control elements and at its 5′ end, the late 3′ untranslated region  that contains two active late polyadenylation signals  .
Engineering of conditional gene expression systems in mammals and mammalian cells dates more than three decades back, . They usually stipulate that gene expression be controlled via endogenous inputs, such as tissue specific promoters or miRNAs. Alternatively, irreversible gene knock in/knock out in a subset of cells in an organism can be actuated via a site specific recombinase such as Cre.
Polycystic kidney disease  is one of the most common disorders in humans caused by mutations in a single gene. There are two types of PKD: Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease  and the less common Autosomal Recessive Polycystic Kidney . TMEM67 encodes a 995 amino acid transmembrane receptor protein, which is composed of a signal peptide, at least 2 cysteine rich repeats, and a 490 residue extracellular region with 4 N linked glycosylated sites, followed by 7 transmembrane domains and a 30 residue cytoplasmic tail .
Although G protein coupled receptor kinases  are classically considered as the regulators of GPCR signaling through desensitization , it is evident that their role is more articulated within the cell. In particular, GRK2 can regulate signaling mediated by other membrane receptor families, such as tyrosine kinase receptors for IGF 1, Insulin, PDGF or EGF . These novel features of GRK2 allow the kinase to participate in basic cellular processes such as migration and cell cycle progression or cardiovascular cell functionality .
As the field of bioengineering continues to grow, chemical engineers, equipped with the ability to understand, quantify, design, optimize, and control chemical as well as biochemical processes, are well positioned to make strong contributions. Of particular interest is systems engineering. One of the most important areas where homeostasis is desirable is in the development of therapies for diabetes mellitus, in which the body is unable to maintain normal glucose levels.
Exposure to pets has received much attention as a potential risk or protective factor in allergic disease research. Various measures of exposure  and outcomes  have been investigated across studies and results have been mixed. No single study has examined all of these numerous components of pet exposure for associations with allergy risk.
There are currently forty known protein deposition diseases or “amyloidoses.” Notable amyloidoses are Alzheimer’s disease, which is linked to the abnormal deposition of the β amyloid protein in the brain, Mad Cow disease, which is related to the aggregation of prion proteins in the central nervous system, and chronic inflammatory diseases, which are caused by an immune response triggered by the deposition of precursor Protein A in the liver. Eisenberg and coworkers have identified several fibril forming segments from disease linked proteins and characterized their structure using x ray diffraction on microcrystals formed by each short peptide. publication of the measured atomic structures of the fibrils formed by the thirteen amyloid related peptides, many researchers have used atomistic molecular dynamics simulations to answer questions about assembly kinetics, details of fibril structure, preference for a particular arrangement for these peptides., simulated five different peptide sequences containing : GNNQQNY, NNQQ, VEALYL, KLVFFAE, and STVIIE.
Interstitial cells of Cajal  are specialized, mesenchyme derived cells that form networks of cells in the muscularis propria of the gastrointestinal tract. ICC appear to have at least four separate physiological functions. ICC pace the intestine , amplify neuronal signals , act as mechanosensors  and set the smooth muscle membrane potential gradient .
Oomycetes of the genus Phytophthora are all destructive plant pathogens, causing rots of roots, stems, leaves, and fruits of a large range of agriculturally important plants . During infection of plants with Phytophthora species, or treatment of cells with Phytophthora derived elicitors, total activity of class A lipases is strongly induced . Previous reports have shown that some of these oxygenated forms of fatty acids  can inhibit mycelial growth and spore germination of several eukaryotic microbes .
The myelin sheath is essential for the rapid conduction velocity of the nerve fiber via saltatory conduction  and can aid in maintaining axonal integrity . Animal models with mutations in myelin genes have been essential for elucidating the role of several proteins that are critical for myelin development and maintenance . This mutation disrupts the splicing and subsequent translation of functional MBP .
Despite small annual decreases in the overall cancer rate in humans, the incidence of melanoma is increasing by more than 2% each year. This drives the need for novel melanoma treatments that are targeted, safe, and effective. Treatment with an oncolytic virus, such as myxoma virus , is a promising new strategy that may eliminate tumors by direct lysis of infected tumor cells and by indirect induction of a strong immune response against cancer cells .
The diagnosis of malignant glioma  can be likened to a death sentence, with a median survival in the United States of less than 2 years . Currently, the only FDA approved therapies for treatment of MG are the alkylators carmustine , lomustine , temozolomide  and carmustine implantable wafers—Gliadel®. The inter  and intra tumoral heterogeneity of gliomas suggests that a combination regimen may be efficacious in producing lasting anti tumor effect and overcoming drug resistance.
The most frequent target of chromosomal translocations in acute myeloid leukemia  is the Runt related transcription factor RUNX1/AML1, a key regulator of hematopoiesis . The protein contains an N terminal DNA binding domain  and a C terminal regulatory domain that contains a nuclear matrix targeting signal  and several context dependent transcriptional activation or repression domains  . The 8;21 leukemic translocation fuses the RUNX1/AML1 gene to MTG8/ETO coding sequences resulting in the AML1 ETO fusion protein .
Disturbances of the autonomic afferent nerve fibers of the bladder are suspected in several common pathologies of the bladder, such as overactive bladder, diabetic bladder dysfunction, and neurogenic bladder. The majority of the afferent impulses from the organs of the lower urinary tract in the rat that control urine storage and voiding are transferred via the pelvic nerve to the lumbar or sacral dorsal root ganglia, and finally to the L6 S1 segments of the spinal cord. Those afferent fibers consist of small myelinated Aδ fibers and unmyelinated C fibers.
In the primate visual system, cortical sensitivity to features such as luminance contrast varies with the locus of spatial attention . For example, attending to an isolated stimulus alters the effective luminance contrast detected by a neuron, modulating the neuron’s contrast response function . Different models have been proposed to describe these modulations: one model suggests that attention causes a non proportional scaling across contrasts, producing a leftward shift of the CRF or effective contrast gain .
Alcohol use disorders are characterized by the consumption of excessive quantities of alcohol and are associated with volume reductions in cortical and subcortical brain structures  and deficits in specific cognitive and motor functions . Conversely, alcoholics who abstain can enjoy significant recovery of brain volume  and improvements in neuropsychological functions . Despite profound plasticity of the human brain, evidence supporting brain volume recovery due to new cell proliferation and formation of appropriate connections is scarce to nil .
Diabetic peripheral neuropathy affects a majority of patients with diabetes. Improved blood glucose control reduces the risk of diabetic neuropathy, thus implicating hyperglycemia as a leading causative factor . A number of mechanisms have been proposed linking chronic hyperglycemia to nerve conduction slowing and other manifestations of diabetic neuropathy.
The degree to which residues in a protein have specific correlated motion is a question recently investigated by mutual information  and dynamical cross correlation map   methodology. For example, long range intra protein communication of mutual information between side chains of barstar  and calmodulin has recently been reported employing Monte Carlo simulation with fixed backbone and implicit solvent. Strikingly, the averaged mutual information per pair was reported to be significant at long range for both proteins.
Over 100 million people worldwide suffer from low vision; visual impairments that cannot be corrected by spectacles. Thus deficits in visual abilities, due to disease, injury, stroke or aging, can have significant negative impacts on all aspects of an individual’s life. Research in the field of perceptual learning provides promise to address components of low vision.
The postnatal brain contains neural progenitor cell  populations within the subventricular zone  of the lateral ventricles and in the subgranular zone of the hippocampal dentate gyrus. These NPC pools are mitotically active, multipotent , and self renewing . NPC from these regions are candidates for cell based therapies following neurological insult .
The definition of atherosclerosis as a chronic inflammatory disease  led to a critical shift in atherosclerosis research and identifying stimuli inducing vascular inflammation took center stage. Activated macrophages and T lymphocytes abound in atheromatous lesions at all stages of the disease . Their contribution to inflammation and tissue damage by releasing inflammatory mediators upon activation is accepted as an essential step in the evolution of atherosclerosis .
BACE1 was identified as the Alzheimer's βsecretase, which cleaves amyloid precursor protein  at the Nterminal end of the βamyloid peptide  . Aβ is the major proteinaceous component of amyloid plaques, and its excessive accumulation leads to amyloid deposition and the onset of Alzheimer's disease  . As a type I transmembrane aspartyl protease, BACE1 has been long predicted to cleave many membrane bound cellular substrates which may share similar membrane topology with APP .
Fibroblast growth factors  are important regulators of nervous system development and physiology. These FGF receptors and ligands play diverse roles crucial in the regulation of normal physiological and pathological processes  . FGF receptor genes can be alternatively spliced in different cell types, resulting in multiple isoforms of the receptors, including those that contain all three Ig like domains  and those that lack the first Ig loop  .
Cytochrome c  has been suggested to function as a messenger in coordinating endoplasmatic reticulum  and mitochondrial interactions and in accelerating apoptotic cell death . This phenomenon has been identified as a feed forward mechanism that amplifies the apoptotic signals by a coordinated release of ER Ca2+ and Cyt c . Coimmunoprecipitation of Cyt c and IP3R type 1  and/or ryanodine receptor type 2  was detected in gerbil hippocampus following transient brain ischemia , suggesting that a coordinated release of ER Ca2+ and Cyt c may play a role in ischemic cell damage .
A debate has emerged over whether or not participant preferences should play a role in the return of individual research results . On the clinical side, the debate has focused on return of incidental findings in the course of clinical whole genome/exome sequencing. The alternative approach proposes that returning research results ought to depend on participant preferences, acknowledging the personal utility and meaning of information to participants, and the participants’ right to know, or not, information that may affect their health.
Non invasive risk stratification to identify and manage high risk populations is a clinical priority. Fatal tachyarrhythmias  and heart failure complications are very common in patients with ischemic cardiomyopathy, which can lead to sudden cardiac death  or cardiac non sudden death , respectively. Secondary prevention of fatal complications in ischemic cardiomyopathy emphasizes  early termination of VT/VF using implantable cardioverter defibrillator  shocks after successful resuscitation from sudden cardiac arrest  or  aggressive treatment using bi ventricular  pacing for cardiac resynchronization to prevent heart failure mortality in selected high risk patients.
A key open question in the field of substance abuse is how drugs act on the brain to modulate long lasting effects that produce drug seeking behavior and increase the risk of relapse. One mechanism by which gene expression may be regulated for long lasting cellular functions is via chromatin modification and remodeling. Chromatin is the DNA protein complex that packages genomic DNA.
Herpesviruses have large  linear double stranded DNA genomes that replicate via concatemeric intermediates consisting of head to tail linked genomes . The concatemers are packaged into preformed capsids and cleaved at precise locations to release unit length genomes within the capsids . These sequence specific cleavage events are governed by nearby cis acting DNA sequences; however, even when the necessary cis sequences are present DNA cleavage will not occur unless a sufficient amount of DNA has entered the capsid .
The hippocampus, important for functions such as mood and memory, is one of the few brain regions where addition of new neurons occurs throughout life. While multiple earlier studies have suggested a role for hippocampal neurogenesis in several cognitive functions,  there has been no consensus regarding this issue because of contrasting findings in other studies. However, recent studies including investigations that utilized selective neurogenesis ablation techniques strengthen the purported role of hippocampal neurogenesis in functions such as mood,  learning and memory.
Premenstrual dysphoric disorder  is categorized as a mood disorder  with onset of functionally impairing or distressing mood and physical symptoms in the luteal phase of the menstrual cycle, a decline in symptom severity after onset of menstruation, and an absence of symptoms in the postmenstrual week . Hallmark mood symptoms include mood lability, irritability, anxiety, tension, and depression . The disorder affects roughly five per cent of women of reproductive age , and has a moderate heritability .
Amnestic mild cognitive impairment  is a risk state for Alzheimer's disease  that is characterized by a deficit in memory with preserved daily functioning . To date, aMCI has been the most commonly studied subtype, with the majority of research focusing on memory. Semantic clustering is an effective memory strategy that can be used to enhance recall.
Hypothalamic glutamate neurotransmission is crucial to energy balance , in part, through the regulation of feeding behavior . This is in contrast to classical views of hypothalamic signaling that have focused on the importance of neuropeptides for homeostatic regulation. However, recent investigations into mechanisms of neuropeptide function have indicated that modulation of the fast acting amino acid neurotransmitters, glutamate and GABA, may be a primary role for neuropeptide signaling .
Despite the well described risks of alcohol use during pregnancy, alcohol abuse and binge drinking by pregnant women continues to be a significant public health problem, with an estimated 35% of pregnant women consuming alcohol each month and 1 in 9 women binge drinking during the first trimester of pregnancy. Prenatal ethanol exposure is known to cause a variety of physical and mental abnormalities in the exposed fetus including growth retardation, muscular and skeletal abnormalities, and intellectual and behavioral impairments. Although limited, clinical research has demonstrated that in utero alcohol exposure results in an increased incidence of both minor and life threatening bacterial infections as well as decreased white cell counts in the cord blood.
Insulin is best known for its action on peripheral insulin target tissues such as muscle, liver and adipocytes where it acts to regulate glucose homeostasis . In the central nervous system insulin signaling plays a much more diverse role, including modulation of food intake, weight control, regulation of synaptic plasticity, and involvement in neuronal survival, life span, neurological disorders and learning and memory . The memory impairments observed in patients and STZ rodents with insulin deficiency can be reversed with insulin administration .
Many important studies in psychology deal with the relationships among some forms of psychopathology connected with real life outcomes. Questions about the likely sequence of effects are often a fundamental aspect of developmental research . In cross cultural research questions raised about cultural differences in beliefs about normal and clinical psychological behaviors have led some researchers to conclude that both measurement and treatment should be culture specific .
Quantitative histomorphometry of transiliac bone biopsy samples is a powerful clinical research tool that has greatly enhanced our understanding of normal bone microstructure, remodeling and strength, as well as the skeletal effects of various diseases and therapies for osteoporosis . Both 2 dimensional  histomorphometry of biopsy sections, and more recently, 3 dimensional  micro computed tomography  of the entire biopsy specimen have been used to characterize trabecular bone microarchitecture in patients with hyperparathyroidism , hypoparathyroidism  and osteoporosis , and to document significant improvements in iliac trabecular bone microarchitecture after teriparatide therapy . In addition, finite element analysis , a mathematical modeling technique, can be applied to 3D μCT images of biopsy specimens to calculate Young’s modulus, an estimate of trabecular bone strength or stiffness that demonstrates excellent agreement with true biomechanical tests of bone specimens  .
During vertebrate embryogenesis, neurons of the central nervous system  are initially derived from neuroepithelial progenitors, some of which transform into radial glia . By the end of embryogenesis most mammalian radial glia differentiate as astrocytes . Thus radial glia have been suggested to represent an endogenous neural stem cell population .
Presbycusis, hearing loss with increasing age, is often characterized by an initial decrease in hearing sensitivity in the high frequencies, with later progression into the lower frequencies. As our population continues to age, the number of individuals with presbycusis, and ultimately its negative effects on speech perception, cognition and language comprehension grows rapidly. Specifically, presbycusis is the foremost communication disorder, and one of the top three chronic medical conditions of our aged population  .
Chronic kidney disease  is a growing public health problem in the world. A prominent pathological feature in patients with CKD is inflammation, tubular atrophy, and interstitial fibrosis. The degree of renal fibrosis correlates well with the prognosis of kidney disease.
Because many interesting details of neural coding are found on a fine spatial scale, the high spatial resolutions achievable in fMRI are attractive to many neuroscientists. The first goal of the experiments reported here was to accurately localize and analyze the blood oxygenation level dependent  response to a specific spatial location in a visual scene. This precise localization should provide a better interpretation of the underlying neural activity.
Circadian rhythm disruption has recently been classified as a probable carcinogen to humans  and has been associated with an increased risk for cancers of the prostate , breast , and colon , and for non Hodgkin lymphoma . Although the underlying mechanism explaining these observations is unknown, it has been suggested that melatonin, a hormone synthesized and secreted by the pineal gland in response to low light conditions, may mediate the circadian rhythm cancer relationship . Circulating melatonin exhibits a circadian rhythm with highest levels at night, moderate levels in the morning, and substantially lower levels during the afternoon .
The widespread use of prostate specific antigen  screening and biopsy means that men diagnosed with prostate cancer are of younger age and have more favourable risk disease . Although current treatments are effective at treating localized prostate cancer, they are associated with significant long term complications to sexual, urinary, and bowel function . High intensity ultrasound energy can be delivered precisely to the prostate from minimally invasive devices inserted into the rectum or urethra .
HIV/AIDS continues to be a major public health problem in the United States and worldwide. The current prevalence of HIV infection in the United States is estimated to be over one million. Treatment of HIV infection with combination antiretroviral therapy  has increased survival and shifted the spectrum of HIV associated morbidity and mortality from opportunistic infections toward a variety of other medical conditions., Modern retinal imaging has been crucial in demonstrating inner retinal damage, in particular nerve fiber layer  loss in HIV/AIDS patients without infectious retinitis.
Upper limb muscle activation can increase muscle activity in the passive lower limbs during a rhythmic motor task . In previous studies, we examined neurologically intact subjects performing recumbent stepping on an exercise device that coupled motion of the upper and lower limbs. We found that increasing upper limb muscle activation through greater resistance  or higher movement frequency  resulted in greater lower limb muscle electromyography amplitudes in passively moving legs.
Chemokine receptor 4  is a seven transmembrane spanning G protein coupled receptor. Its primary endogenous ligand is chemokine ligand 12 . CXCR4 is involved in AIDS as co receptor for the entry of HIV into T cells, and known to play major roles in several diseases including rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosis and cancer .
Dendritic cells  are pivotal for the induction of primary immune responses, and hence interesting targets for immunotherapy against cancer. Human skin harbours three main DC subsets: CD1ahighCD207+ Langerhans cells  residing in the epidermis, CD1ainter dermal DC and CD14+ dermal DC . Dermal DC are positive for DEC 205, dectin 1 and many more .
Brain tissue is densely packed with complex circuits comprised of neurons and other cells, their extensive fine processes, and synapses originating from multiple cell types. Consequently, techniques for visualizing neural circuit structures need to be adapted for molecularly defined circuits. Labeled neurons can be visualized with light microscopy, but this technique lacks the resolution to directly detect synaptic connections because the apparent overlap of axonal and dendritic arbors in light microscopy is often an unreliable predictor of connectivity.
The need to restore normal blood flow to prevent tissue injury from oxygen deprivation is a common theme in acute clinical settings that involve ischemia. The complement system is a well accepted mediator of inflammation and ischemia/reperfusion  injury and exerts its effects in a number of ways . For example, complement activation leads to the release of proinflammatory anaphylatoxins  and the tissue injurious terminal membrane attack complement complex C5b 9.
Inaccuracy of glucometer measurement is an oft discussed but poorly understood phenomenon, in part because of the plethora of variables that can affect performance. Many of these exert effects only under specialized circumstances and relevance to the majority of intensive care unit  patients is unknown. Here we identify the single most important factor affecting glucometer performance in hemodynamically stable ICU patients and we describe the impact of glucometer error on hypoglycemia .
Phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase / Akt  signaling is an important cell survival signaling pathway that mediates the activity of many receptor and protein tyrosine kinases . However, mice with a heterozygous kinase dead p110α knockin, have viable offspring that display a diabetic phenotype with defective insulin signaling and increased blood glucose, as do mice with a knockout of the regulatory p85 subunit of PI 3 kinase. This role of Akt2 in preventing diabetes is conserved in humans, as shown in individuals with a mutationally inactivated Akt2 who exhibit severe insulin resistance manifested in diabetes .
The utility of the Nickel  Nitriloacetic Acid  based methods for affinity purification of hexahistidine  containing recombinant proteins was first appreciated over twenty years ago . Since that time, it has become an almost universal method for purifying recombinant proteins. Four ligand sites can be occupied by NTA with the remaining two available for binding the histidines of a His6 tag.
Allergens are a broad class of otherwise innocuous Ags capable of inducing vigorous Th2 responses. Allergens commonly provide adjuvant signals that direct innate and adaptive immune responses against associated proteins. Several common allergens, including grass pollen and house dust mite Ag, contain cysteine protease elements , and these elements provide adjuvant effects .
Evidence has consistently shown racial and ethnic differences in mental health care, across a variety of patient samples and psychiatric diagnoses. In the United States, black patients are less likely to be diagnosed with depression  than white patients  or Hispanics . Among patients with any mood or anxiety disorder, blacks  are less likely than whites  and Hispanics  to receive “minimally adequate care.” Blacks  and Hispanics  are also less likely than whites  to receive any mental health care.
Malaria caused by Plasmodium falciparum parasites is responsible for 1 2 million deaths per annum, mainly afflicting children in sub Saharan Africa. It is a complex disease with many genetic and environmental determinants influencing the observed variation in response to infection, progression and severity. In order to develop effective vaccines and anti malaria therapies, it is crucial to understand the mechanisms of protective immunity against malaria as well as its immunopathology.
Allostery is an important regulatory mechanism that allows biochemical processes to be controlled at the individual protein level. Several key theoretical approaches attempt to explain allostery quantitatively:  the Corex formalism ;  the Los Alamos group approach based on the dynamics of individual proteins , and;  the mechanism based on insights into the protein folding problem  and relieving structural frustration . Only recently has a more quantitative approach to reviewing and summarizing the allosteric transition been undertaken  .
B cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemias  with either a genomic rearrangement or deregulated expression of the cytokine receptorlike factor 2 , or both, practically never concur with ETV6 RUNX1, MLL, TCF3, or BCR ABL fusions. The 2 most prominent genomic rearrangements are those that either juxtapose the first noncoding exon of P2RY8 to the CRLF2 coding region or put the latter under the control of the IGH@ gene enhancer. ,, With an incidence of 5% to 7%, cases with a P2RY8 CRLF2 fusion are 2 to 5 times as common as those with an IGH@ CRLF2 translocation and at > 50% they are particularly frequent in DSALL patients.
Cux1 is the murine homologue of the Drosophila gene cut. Mammalian cut proteins function as cell cycle dependent transcription factors that can function as activators or repressors . During cell cycle progression, a nuclear isoform of the cysteine protease cathepsin L cleaves Cux1, forming the amino truncated p110 Cux1 protein, which contains two cut repeats and the homeodomain .
Sphingolipids comprise a conserved family of lipids that contribute to the formation of membrane subdomains  . A delicate balance exists between these metabolites in human cells, alterations of which may influence cell growth and the tumorigenic process . Dietary sphingolipids are metabolized by brush border enzymes in the gut epithelium  facilitating So or other sphingoid bases to be taken up by intestinal epithelial cells.
Adolescents and emerging adults in the U.S. are exposed to large amounts of interpersonal violence, typically defined as the intentional use of threatened or actual physical force against another person that could or does result in injury, death or psychological harm. Most youth also experience violence through media, including television, movies and video games. For instance, the average 18 year old observes approximately 6,000 acts of violence on television and in movies in one year  .
An accumulating literature has described the frozen embryo disposition decision as often difficult with a majority of embryo holders frequently unable to choose between further attempts at conception, continued storage, donation, or embryo destruction . Because of the intensely private nature of this choice , it is not surprising that investigations have identified a variety of personal contexts influencing the decision making process . In this paper we address an external context that has received relatively less attention, namely, frozen embryo holders’ expectations and perceptions of IVF clinic information, support, and storage fees and its relevance to disposition decision making and implications for IVF clinic policies and procedures .
Opioids have been the mainstay in clinical pain management for several decades. However, repeated use of opioids and opioid based analgesics, such as morphine and heroin, causes severely aversive effects including analgesic tolerance, physical dependence and opioid addiction . These aversive effects of opioids and concerns over the risk of developing opioid addiction significantly hamper the optimal use of opioids in clinical treatment of chronic pain conditions .
Chronic kidney disease and end stage renal disease present severe medical problems; their incidence has been increasing steadily, especially in industrialized countries . For both conditions hypertension remains one of the most important risk factors even though antihypertensive treatment has significantly advanced over the recent decades . It is well recognized that cytochrome P 450  dependent metabolites of arachidonic acid: 20 hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid  and the epoxyeicosatrienoic acids  play an important role in the regulation of renal tubular ion transport and renal and systemic vascular tone .
Innate immune pathways are early responses important for pathogen control, and are activated by pattern recognition receptors  that bind ligands containing pathogen  or danger associated molecular patterns, such as modified carbohydrate or nucleic acid structures . In addition, antiviral PRR signaling is important for activating an appropriate adaptive immune response, which is required for the eventual clearance of many viral infections. Antiviral PRR signaling is initiated by a variety of receptors, including the transmembrane TLR proteins 2, 3, 4, 7/8, and 9, and the cytoplasmic retinoic acid inducible gene I  like receptors  RIG I and melanoma differentiated associated gene 5  .
Friend virus  is a naturally occurring retroviral complex that causes diseases ranging from lethal erythroleukemia in susceptible mouse strains to asymptomatic chronic infections in resistant strains . Chronic infection of mice with FV is associated with the activation of CD4+ regulatory T cells  that suppress CD8+ T cell effector functions such as production of IFNγ and cytolytic molecules . Activated Tregs from mice chronically infected with FV suppress CD8+ T cell function in vitro without any requirement for additional restimulation .
Advanced stage sarcomas remain significant clinical challenges, as the use of chemotherapy has largely failed to improve overall survival for adult patients. While there have been improvements in survival of patients with certain localized childhood sarcomas such as rhabdomyosarcoma, osteosarcoma, and Ewing sarcoma,,  most other sarcomas of childhood are chemoresistant. Even for generally treatable sarcoma types, <30% of patients with metastatic disease survive beyond five years despite aggressive use of modern, combination therapies.
Acute care hospitalization is a major focus of increasingly urgent challenges to control Medicare costs and improve the quality of health care for a growing older American population. In the case of SNF care, rehospitalization may reflect poor quality of care by either the SNF or the hospital from which the patient was discharged to SNF care; a recent study found that nearly 25% of Medicare beneficiaries discharged from hospitals to SNFs were readmitted to the hospital within 30 days . Wolff and colleagues found that 29% of Medicare HHC patients were transferred or admitted to acute care hospitals within 30 days of discharge from HHC  .
The ventricular zone  of the dorsal telencephalon contains the progenitor cells which produce all of the various excitatory neurons of the mature neocortex. This process occurs during prenatal mammalian brain development through a precisely regulated series of proliferative and neurogenic divisions. Whether the diversity in neuronal progeny is generated from a similarly heterogeneous pool of precursor cells remains unclear.
HIV associated nephropathy, which is characterized by a collapsing variant of FSGS and micro cystic tubular dilatation , is a manifestation of specific genetic, environmental, and host factors . Recently, APOL1 with polymorphism at G1 and G2 sites  has been demonstrated to be a risk factor for non diabetic glomerulosclerosis and for HIVAN patients with an African background . Under any stress, the fate  of the cellular injury is dependent on the net outcome of forces promoting cell survival vs. cell death .
Nicotine abstinence has been associated with symptoms of both increased negative affect  and smoking urge/craving . For example, in both the laboratory and natural environment, NA is highly predictive of cigarette craving . Therefore, using EMA to provide a more precise characterization of the relationship between withdrawal components across different populations of smokers and under different smoking conditions may refine our understanding of how these factors contribute to the maintenance of nicotine addiction .
Bacterial vaginosis  is characterized by replacement of healthy vaginal microflora, which predominantly consists of Lactobacillus spp., by a variety of potentially pathogenic species such as Gardnerella vaginalis, Prevotella, Bacteroides, Peptostreptococcus, and Mobiluncus spp. . In particular, the BV associated pathogens G. vaginalis and P. bivia were shown to directly induce replication of the HIV virus in several cell lines .
Toll like receptors  comprise an important family of pattern recognition receptors. TLRs can also play detrimental roles in some contexts, such as in septic shock and autoimmunity . Nucleic acid sensing TLRs, such as TLR3 and TLR7 9, are of particular interest, as they are important for detecting the presence of nucleic acids derived from pathogenic viruses and bacteria and initiate the production of essential pro inflammatory cytokines and type I interferons,.
Identification and quantification of neuroanatomical changes are important for understanding brain development and evaluating the progression of disease. Previous attempts to identify fine cortical structures utilized T1 contrast between gray matter and myelinated axons in gray matter to differentiate myelin rich regions in the cortex, such as the stripe of Genari in the primary visual cortex in human . Although, the resulting contrast from this method is small and the use of this approach has not found widespread application.
Accumulating evidence indicates that lipid metabolism is a key event in tissue physiology and cell signaling in many neurological disorders . Multiple sclerosis , an inflammatory, demyelinating disease of CNS, affects more than one million people worldwide. With the consequence of change in lipid metabolism even in normal appearing brain tissues, a mild alter in lipid composition could affect the biophysical properties of myelin structure , which may explain the disruption of myelin under imbalanced lipid metabolism.
The gene encoding the non receptor protein tyrosine kinase c Src was the first proto oncogene to be described when identified as the cellular homologue of v Src, the transforming factor of the Rous sarcoma retrovirus . Of the nine SFKs, c Src is the most comprehensively studied regarding its role in cancer. Increased levels of c Src activity occur in several solid tumour types, including colorectal , breast and lung cancers .
Heart failure  affects approximately 5.1 million Americans and is associated with increased hospitalization, mortality, and health care expenditures, . Despite advances in HF prevention and treatment, the biology of HF is still incompletely understood . The natriuretic peptide system has counter regulatory natriuretic, diuretic, and vasodilatory properties.
Pediatric tympanoplasty is a frequently performed procedure with varying reported success rates ranging between 35 and 94%. In general, tympanic membrane repair success in children is often perceived as lagging behind what is typically achieved in adults having similar underlying risk factors. Previously quoted reasons for the poorer success rate include: frequent upper respiratory tract infections, persistent otitis media and ongoing Eustachian tube dysfunction, and inconsistent postoperative care.
Nonsteroidal anti inflammatory drugs  designed specifically to inhibit cyclooxygenase  2 relieve pain and inflammation but expose patients to a cardiovascular hazard comprising myocardial infarction and stroke, hypertension, heart failure, arrhythmogenesis and sudden cardiac death. These effects are attributable to suppression of COX 2 derived cardioprotective prostaglandins , particularly prostacyclin  in the vasculature and in cardiomyocytes. More controversial has been the potential impact of COX 2 inhibition on atherosclerosis.
B1 cells are distinguished from conventional B2 cells by phenotypic, transcriptomic and functional criteria . A small subpopulation of B1 cells, designated B1b, shares the phenotype of B1a cells except for absent expression of the classical marker, CD5, but is separately regulated and distinguished functionally  . Functionally, CD5+ B1 cells differ from B2 cells in the stimuli required to signal for initiation of proliferation.
Embryonic stem cells  and induced pluripotent stem cells  self renew and differentiate into various cell types in vitro and in vivo. A complex network of genetic and epigenetic pathways regulates their self renewal and differentiation, and the structural organization of chromatin play a prominent role in these processes. Prior studies have established multiple unique properties of pluripotent chromatin and its regulation, including macrostructural descriptions of ESC chromatin as relatively “open” compared to lineage committed cells .
Heteronuclear direct detection experiments, which take advantage of the slower relaxation properties of nuclei with a lower gyromagnetic ratio, γ, have recently been considered as tools for extending the limits of NMR in structural and functional studies of proteins. A variety of pulse sequences have been developed for resonance assignments and structure analyses of proteins using 13C direct detection . In addition, it was shown that the slow 15N relaxation results in ultra high resolution spectra, which is also quite attractive for diamagnetic proteins  .
The HIV epidemic in Peru disproportionately affects men who have sex with men . While the prevalence of HIV infection is below 1% in the total population and less than 5% in female sex workers, the prevalence among MSM has been estimated to be as high as 21%, with an annual incidence up to 5% . Previous research has addressed social and biological characteristics of Peruvian MSM that promote HIV transmission, including frequent unprotected anal intercourse and high prevalences of HSV 2 and syphilis infections .
Chronic exposure to high concentrations of metals in the environment has been show to be associated with negative neurological effects , but the potential impact of environmental exposure to low concentrations of metals is difficult to ascertain. Kriging is the most common method of geostatistical interpolation used for environmental measurements. Originally applied to predict ore concentrations in mining exploration , this method has been expanded to estimation of soil metal concentrations , temperature , and elevation .
The O6 alkylguanine DNA alkyltransferase  repairs O6 alkylguanine and O4 alkylthymine adducts that occur in DNA that has been exposed to alkylating agents; ; . Both adducts are mutagenic and carcinogenic; ;  and O6 alkylguanine adducts are also cytotoxic. AGT also protects tumor cells against chemotherapeutic drugs that methylate or chloroethylate DNA; , and clinical trials are underway to determine whether AGT inhibitors can increase the efficacy of DNA alkylating drugs; .
Respiratory infections are the most common infectious diseases in humans worldwide and a leading cause of death in children less than 5 years of age . In the United States of America, acute viral respiratory infections  are a significant cause of morbidity and hospitalization in children . Identification of previously unknown respiratory pathogens may lead to the development of new therapies and vaccines to treat or prevent ARIs .
There is a high prevalence of obesity and mood disorders among adolescents, with both disorders imparting substantial costs to society and the individual. , Additionally, obesity and anxiety/depressive disorders may co occur. Additionally, visceral  versus peripheral adiposity is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Rigid ankle foot orthoses  are frequently prescribed for patients with very weak dorsiflexor recruitment to improve walking ability and prevent tripping. Many research groups are developing powered orthoses or robotic exoskeletons to help people with gait deficits  or to augment human performance . A critical aspect dictating the success of robotic orthoses for either purpose is how people react to the active devices.
It is increasingly evident that primed/memory T cells play a major role in the immune response of a transplant recipient to allogeneic tissue    . Transplant patients who have had a previous transplant and thus have pre sensitised  immune cells have a higher risk of rejecting their grafts. Notably, such primed cross reactive T cells are resistant to most treatments which are effective in controlling naive T cell responders  .
Hypercholesterolemia has been repeatedly identified as a risk factor for atherosclerosis; however, its influence on re endothelialization  after arterial injury is uncertain. The loss of endothelial integrity that occurs during angioplasty/stenting appears to induce the accumulation of inflammatory cells and the proliferation and migration of vascular smooth muscle cells, which can lead to neointimal thickening. Drug eluting stents  have significantly reduced the rate of restenosis; however, DESs also appear to delay re endothelialization.
An effective acquired AIDS vaccine would be a crucial component of any long term strategy to combat human immunodeficiency virus /AIDS. These functions likely explain sequence conservation of this region and the efficacy of antibodies directed against it. A set of epitopes has been identified in the MPER region.
Vitamin D receptors  are present in T lymphocytes, macrophages, chondrocytes, and synovial cells of patients with rheumatoid arthritis  but not healthy individuals . As recently reviewed , 1,252D inhibits T cell proliferation and cytokine secretion in vitro, and ameliorates murine RA . We hypothesized that correction of hypovitaminosis D in subjects with RA would decrease parathyroid hormone , increase bone mineral density , improve functional capacity  and down regulate inflammatory cytokines, thereby diminishing RA disease activity  scores and improving quality of life .
The extracellular matrix  is remodeled and stiffened in tandem with the malignant transformation of tissues . These data suggest that the altered ECM topology and density in tumor tissue could also promote integrin focal adhesion assembly to drive malignant progression. Focal adhesions are the conduits through which cells process extrinsic mechanical signals .
2CC NBOMe  methyl] ethanamine) and 25I NBOMe  N  ethanamine)  are of a class of N benzyl phenethylamine derivatives whose synthesis was first reported in the scientific literature in 2011 . These receptors are believed to mediate the primary effects of hallucinogenic drugs . Recent reports from “personal drug experience websites” and in the popular press indicate these drugs are the latest in a series of designer “Bath Salt” drugs of abuse.
The clinical outcome of hematopoietic cell transplantation  is determined by a variety of patient, disease and graft factors. However, after almost three decades of allogeneic HCT using volunteer unrelated bone marrow  or peripheral blood progenitor cells , the optimal cellular composition of these grafts has not been defined. Therefore, this study was designed to examine the composition of volunteer unrelated donor grafts and the effect on graft outcomes .
Class I HLA molecules are nature’s proteome scanning chip. Found on all nucleated cells, class I HLA proteome scanning chips sample and reflect the protein contents of a cell . Traditionally, interest has focused upon the discovery of virus derived peptides presented by class I HLA; a virus infects a cell, class I HLA binds a viral peptide for display at the cell surface, immune surveillance mechanisms discern the viral peptide/HLA complex, and the virus infected cell is destroyed .
Phosphoinositide specific phospholipase C  isozymes are key effector enzymes in multiple cellular signaling pathways, hydrolyzing phosphatidylinositol 4,5 bisphosphate P2) into inositol 1,4,5 triphosphate  and diacylglycerol , second messengers which subsequently regulate Ca2+ release from intracellular stores and protein kinase C activation. To date, thirteen identified mammalian PLC isozymes have been classified by sequence homology into six families, PLC β,  γ,  δ,  ε,  ζ, and  η, each having a unique mechanism of activation and regulation . The activation of PLC β isoenzymes is regulated by GTP bound Gα subunit of Gαq family, Gβγ subunit and the small GTPase Rac .
Amyloid precursor protein  is a normal transmembrane protein found in cells throughout the body. Disordered amyloid metabolism is believed to be central in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer’s disease . Murine models of AD have been created by inserting one or more human mutations into the mouse genome .
Tissue factor  is a membrane bound cell surface protein and the primary initiator in the extrinsic pathway of the coagulation cascade . The TF FVIIa binary complex activates the factor X  to FXa, which eventually leads to blood clotting and drives downstream signaling by thrombin. Besides this hemostatic role, the TF FVIIa complex has also been found in recent years to regulate a broad range of non hemostatic cellular responses including gene transcription, protein translation, apoptosis, and cytoskeletal reorganization .
Telomeres are heterogeneous nucleoprotein assemblies localized at eukaryotic chromosome termini that serve both to protect the ends from damage and to extend the DNA length following replication. To accomplish these activities various proteins are nucleated at telomeric DNA to form distinct structures, including capping and extending complexes,. While the exact composition of each assembly is not entirely understood, genetic analysis in the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae has revealed many critical components, including EST2, STN1, TEN1 and CDC13.
Spatial hearing is critically important in the reproductive biology of anuran amphibians . Likewise, male frogs, which often defend discreet calling sites or territories using both vocalizations and physical aggression , must be able to locate reproductive rivals that begin calling in close proximity . The directional sensitivity of the anuran ear is believed to derive largely from mechanical coupling of the left and right tympanic membranes via the Eustachian tubes and mouth cavity .
The prevalence of tobacco smoking has not changed significantly over the past several years. In the United States alone, about 45 million people smoke tobacco . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 75% of smokers would like to quit because of the known health risks associated with nicotine.
Numerous previous studies have determined that severe dyslipidemia, including both hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia represent significant risk factors for the development of peripheral artery diseases and negative health outcomes . In terms of clinical relevance, the LDLR mouse represents a model of familial hypercholesterolemia , characterized by striking elevations in plasma LDL levels, while the ApoE mouse represents familial combined hyperlipidemia , characterized by elevated plasma LDL  and triglycerides. Specifically, both the LDLR and ApoE mouse models exhibit a striking loss of vascular nitric oxide bioavailability, as demonstrated by vascular responses to nitric oxide dependent stimuli .
Long standing inflammation contributes to the development of over 20% of all human cancers, owing to increased cellular proliferation in environments favoring DNA damage and tumorigenesis . Duration and severity of inflammation correlate to cumulative probability of cancer development, ranging from 2% at 10 years of colitis to 18% after 30 years . A dysregulated immune response to commensal flora caused by transient breaks in the mucosal barrier is thought to be involved in pathogenesis of UC , though exact mechanisms remain to be elucidated .
Patients with systemic lupus erythematosus  form autoantibodies to nuclear antigens. The resulting immune complexes  stimulate type I interferon  production by plasmacytoid dendritic cells . Beyond ICs, neutrophil extracellular traps , a meshwork of chromatin fibres decorated with antimicrobial proteins, are a more recently described promoter of type I IFN production.
Cystamine and its reduced form, cysteamine, are known to have multiple effects in biological systems. Most recently, cystamine has been shown to increase levels of brain derived neurotrophic factor  in the striatum of HD knock in mice and in primate blood. Furthermore, cystamine does not effectively extend lifespan in R6/1 mice with a BDNF deficient background .
One of the most pervasive social assumptions is that all humans possess sexual desire . A related assumption about sexuality is that sexuality is not only something one does, but an identity, or something one is, usually biologically . While scholars of sexuality have theorized the social constructions of sexuality and sexual identity, there remains a relative paucity of academic literature exploring the identities and experiences of people who do not experience sexual attraction or desire.
The nucleus is a complex organelle containing many subdomains. Moreover, numerous human disorders, laminopathies, are caused by failure to correctly localize INM proteins to the nuclear rim ; ) . In metazoan cells lamins play a pivotal role in INM retention, but other proteins as well as chromatin serve as anchors to prevent diffusion to the ER ).
The ECX21941 gene from the Global Ocean Sampling  metagenome dataset , encodes a protein with a molecular weight of 11.5 kDa  and a calculated isoelectric point of 5.75. ECX21941 was selected for structure determination in a pilot project to explore structural diversity of proteins from the ocean metagenome using the semiautomated, high throughput pipeline of the Joint Center for Structural Genomics   as part of the National Institute of General Medical Sciences’ Protein Structure Initiative. Genomic neighborhood analysis of ECX21941 and homologous proteins suggests a cyanophage origin for this protein .
Intrauterine infection has been implicated in the etiology of preterm birth and is present in approximately 25% of all preterm deliveries. An increased concentration of proinflammatory cytokines in amniotic fluid and fetal plasma have been linked to the onset of preterm parturition and fetal or neonatal injury including cerebral palsy and chronic lung disease. A recent study suggests that neonates with histologic chorioamnionitis had a decreased incidence of hyaline membrane disease, possibly through the increased production of surfactant protein .
The inflammatory bowel diseases , including ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease, are chronic disorders characterized by rectal bleeding, severe diarrhea, abdominal pain and weight loss,. These include pathological alterations in the mouth, eyes, skin, liver, joints, lungs and blood. A life threatening hematological consequence of IBD is thrombosis.
Ertapenem  is one of the newest carbapenem antibiotics to be approved for use in the United States and throughout the world. It differs structurally from imipenem by the presence of a β methyl substitution on carbon 1 of the core β lactam structure and from both imipenem and meropenem by the presence of a meta substituted benzoic acid on the functional group at position two. , With these variations, ertapenem retains excellent activity against the enterobacteriaceae, including extended spectrum β lactamase producers, and demonstrates comparable activity against Gram positive and anaerobic organisms.
Male sex determination during mammalian development is initiated by the expression of Sry  gene, which encodes an HMG box DNA binding protein. In the absence of Sry, the XY gonad develops along the ovarian pathway . Thus, Sry acts as the master regulator of male sex determination.
Despite having a vaccine in hand that eliminated natural smallpox infections, new vaccines are needed to protect against the threat of deliberately released variola in addition to other endemic and emerging poxviruses. However, variola  survivors are protected from smallpox disease for life whereas people immunized with live VACV display reduced immunity within 10 to 20 years . However, our current society expects greater vaccine product performance, uniformity, and safety.
The flow of information from unconscious to conscious awareness has been of great interest for centuries . More recently, researchers have examined the interface between unconscious and conscious processing in mental illness , the role of the unconscious in the facilitation of problem solving and creativity , and the nature of altered consciousness that accompanies paranormal beliefs and experiences  . Schizotypal personality traits are muted levels of traits present in schizophrenia.
The development of the skeleton involves a highly regulated, spatially organized series of events that requires the precise temporal control of a multitude of morphogens, growth factors, transcription factors, and mechanical signaling pathways. The most rapid linear endochondral growth occurs prenatally and is dependent upon proper organization and maturation of chondrocytes, a process that occurs in multiple histologically distinct stages in the epiphyseal growth plates of long bones. The resting chondrocyte population gives rise to and controls the orientation of the proliferative zone chondrocytes .
The ovary, unlike other adult mammalian tissues, undergoes persistent cyclical remodeling with regulated proliferation, differentiation and cell death. Inhibitors of differentiation  proteins  are a subfamily of regulatory dimeric basic helix loop helix  transcription factors. These factors regulate many genes, including those required for growth and differentiation, through binding to E box  sequences on the promoter region of target genes .
Wilms tumor  is an embryonal tumor of the kidney that affects approximately one child in every 10,000 before the age of 15 years in Europe and North America. During the 20th century, with the development first of curative radiation therapy techniques and then of effective chemotherapy regimens, WT case fatality rates declined from 90% to 10%. The increasing numbers of survivors of WT and other childhood cancers, however, have substantial risk of developing adverse medical conditions related to treatment of their disease.
While there is no doubt that Alzheimer's disease  causes profound deficits in episodic memory, the exact nature of these deficits has been extensively debated over the last 40 years. Much of the early literature conceptualized the disease as a disorder of memory storage, owing to the fact that cholinesterase inhibitors enhanced storage of information into long term memory in patients with AD and healthy controls . Computational models suggest that synaptic transmission and plasticity in the recurrent CA3 network play a role in pattern completion , which has been proposed to occur primarily at retrieval when complete recollection occurs based only on a partial or degraded cue  .
A rat in a maze, a hunter gatherer on the plains, and a football quarterback in the middle of a tense play are each confronted with a choice between several possible actions. Choosing the best action often depends on learning the rewards and punishments associated with each action from experience. Anatomical, lesion and neurophysiological studies have implicated the anterior cingulate cortex  in this process.
The aryl hydrocarbon receptor , in addition to its well known role mediating effects of various xenobiotics, has been suggested to participate in a variety of biological processes, including cell cycle control, growth, apoptosis, differentiation, and light regulated biological rhythms . AHR agonists include exogenous chemicals such as polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons, planar halogenated aromatic hydrocarbons and a variety of natural products, as well a diversity of endogenous compounds . There may be endogenous ligand involved in regulation of physiological pathways, and perhaps environmental sensing, but such ligands have been elusive.
Cancer development is a multistep process characterized by a multitude of genetic and epigenetic changes that induce resistance to proapoptotic stimuli, sustain angiogenesis, and confer insensitivity to antigrowth signals and immune surveillance  . Rapid tumor growth often results in hypoxia, which triggers the stabilization of the transcription factor hypoxia inducible factor 1 , an oxygen sensor that controls the expression of multiple target genes implicated in angiogenesis, metabolism, and cell survival . HIF1α has been reported to physically interact with HSP90 , which can be targeted by small molecule inhibitors of chaperone, a growing class of clinically utilized antitumori genic agents.
Adolescence is the highest risk period for development of major depressive disorder. There has been considerable effort to determine the factors associated with the clinical course of depression in youngsters, but it remains unclear which variables exert a potent influence on the course of illness. In addition, several psychological and social variables have been proposed as risk factors for chronic and/or recurrent illness, including high neuroticism, negative emotionality, negative cognitions, poor social support, and stressful experiences.
The primate somatosensory cortex is remarkable for its capacity to reorganize in the face of perturbations of peripheral input. Adaptations can be positive, such as enlargement of a representation of digits engaged in repetitive actions , or negative such as central pain following amputation of a limb or peripheral nerve injury . The most evident cortical response to deafferentation is expansion of representations of body parts with intact peripheral innervation at the expense of those deprived of sensory input  .
Obesity is a heterogeneous disease largely resulting from a variety of maladaptive brain mechanisms within an organism in response to environmental, social, and genetic influences, that leads to an imbalance between energy intake and energy expenditure. The Acb is a major node in the mesolimbic dopamine pathway and is important in mediating the rewarding effects of food, in part, through opioidergic neurons  . Peripheral, central, and brain site specific injections of α MSH and synthetic melanocortin receptor agonists and antagonists have been shown to exert specific effects on feeding, depending on site of administration and state dependence of the animal .
The intensive care unit  provides specialized, high level care to the sickest patients. The outcome of a critically ill patient depends on timely access to ICU interventions, and a delay in transfer to an ICU is associated with adverse effects. Chalfinet al reported that critically ill patients boarding longer in the ED had increased hospital length of stay and higher ICU and hospital mortality.
Excessive, non uniform in vivo radiofrequency  heating of the body during an MRI session is a ‘grave’ safety concern. The IEC recommends the maximum whole body average SAR of 4 W/kg in the First Level mode for a volume transmit body coil application. No limits are recommended for local SAR values.
Peripheral artery disease  is a major manifestation of systemic atherosclerosis and as a consequence a strong predictor of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Patients with PAD commonly manifest the symptom of claudication that is cramping, aching, or fatigue in the calf muscles provoked by walking activity and relieved by rest. However, all patients with PAD  have a profound limitation in physical performance measures as defined by peak exercise performance, the 6 minute walk, and integrated measures of physical activity over a week., The pathophysiology of claudication in PAD is primarily related to atherosclerotic arterial occlusion in the lower extremity that limit the increase in blood flow induced by walking exercise.
In high volume sports, such as long distance running, overuse injuries can keep an athlete out of play for long periods of time or be season ending . Stress fractures  in this population are serious overuse injuries that typically occur in the foot and lower leg. These measurements are also low cost, have no health risks, and are easy to apply in clinical assessments .
One major problem with biological light microscopy is the motility of living organisms. The more recent advancements of genetically encoded fluorescent proteins and other in vivo labeling techniques have made the collection of adequate levels of fluorescent light even more critical. The specimen can be treated with an anesthetic or paralyzing chemical; or by various physical means, such as viscous media, or fibrous traps, or by methods of mechanical flattening and immobilization.
The human proteome encodes nearly 1000 integral membrane proteins, representing nearly 30% of all proteins in the cell. Understanding how these membrane proteins function is critical to the molecular medicine and biotechnology fields . They all signal via lateral dimerization in the membrane plane.
Successful breast conservation surgery  maximizes local control when obtaining negative margins prior to irradiation. Although it is well established that compromised margins increase the risk of local recurrence,  no universally accepted definition of a close or negative margin exists because trials have varied widely in their margin definitions, inclusion criteria, and local recurrence rates. , Irrespective of the definition used, negative margins remain the standard of care for BCS, and although the number of re excisions doesn’t affect local recurrence initial efforts to achieve margin negativity may help prevent reoperation.
Hematopoietic progenitors, from the bone marrow, migrate into the thymus and undergo a well regulated developmental program to produce T lymphocytes . The Wnt signaling pathway is an evolutionarily conserved pathway that regulates cell proliferation, differentiation, cell survival, migration, and polarity . Deletion of Ctnnb1  results in a developmental blockage at the DN3 to DN4 stage.
Arterial flow mediated dilation  is an indirect measurement of endothelial nitric oxide  release. Impaired FMD represents systemic vascular endothelial dysfunction that is commonly associated with cardiovascular disease ., Additionally, the association of FMD with CVD is evidenced by its ability to predict future CVD events in population based studies., Endothelial dysfunction, defined by impaired FMD, has been reported in patients with atrial fibrillation ., Also, abnormalities in NO signaling have been implicated in atrial ectopy near the pulmonary veins., These findings suggest a potential role for endothelial dysfunction in the development of AF. However, data from population based studies to support this claim are lacking.
Joint attention is an early emerging social communication skill that involves sharing interest regarding an object, person, or event with a social partner . Using shared positive affect during joint attention can be an especially powerful way to inform a communicative partner about the emotional significance of a shared experience . For example, a child may smile at an adult while using a joint attention point to convey his excitement about a toy.
Episodic antiretroviral therapy was suggested as a way of retaining the benefits of combination antiretroviral therapy while minimizing adverse effects of antiretroviral drugs , . However, interruption of antiretroviral therapy results in viral rebound, and plasma HIV RNA levels are closely associated with the risk of perinatal and heterosexual transmission of HIV . Therefore, one of the concerns about episodic antiretroviral therapy is the possibility of increased risk of HIV transmission to sexual and needle sharing partners  .
Functional brain imaging has revealed one set of brain areas that show increases in activity and a separate set of areas that show decreases in activity during performance of a wide range of different types of cognitive tasks. Task positive regions include dorsolateral prefrontal, precentral, and inferior parietal cortices . This interpretation of the data is nicely expressed by Fox, et al .
Deregulation of intrinsic tumor protective mechanisms can convert normal epithelia into malignant carcinoma, and lies at the heart of the majority of human cancers. p53 is a pivotal regulator that protects from such events. However, with regards to p63, a more complicated picture has emerged.
A central challenge in synthetic biology is to construct reliable and useful biological systems in a predictable manner . A typical design process entails multiple rounds of gene circuit modeling, construction, and optimization. As has been noted, however, a circuit is functional only in the context of its host and its activation may invoke unintended interactions with the host ,,.
Human induced pluripotent stem cells  offer a virtually unlimited source of cardiac myocytes  for disease modeling, drug testing and cardiac regeneration therapies, but current cardiac directed differentiation techniques  lead to heterogeneous populations containing cardiac cells with ventricular, atrial and pacemaker phenotypes as well as other cell lineages and residual undifferentiated cells . Ventricular, atrial and pacemaker myocytes have distinct contractile and electrophysiological properties , and development of methodologies to generate pure populations of these cardiac cell types would represent a major advance towards the use of hiPSC derived CMs  in clinical research and regenerative medicine . Furthermore, the usefullness of hiPSC CMs in patient specific drug testing and cardiac regeneration would be strengthened if homogenous cell populations were available .
Down syndrome  arises from the genetic consequences of trisomy 21 and is a disorder of gene dosage. Cytogenetic mapping of rare patients with partial duplications of chromosome 21q and DS associated phenotypes had led to the concept of a Down syndrome critical region  at 21q22.2, minimal duplication of which is sufficient to lead to mental retardation and the DS facial gestalt . Indeed, specific genes  within the DSCR in mouse models causing NFAT dysregulation lead to DS like heart defects .
The symptoms of common mental disorders, can lead to clinically significant impairment or distress , which can be alleviated by a variety of treatments, including, possibly, psychotherapy . Several controlled studies , meta analyses , and guidelines , have indicated the efficacy of psychotherapy for different mental health problems, both when used alone , or in combination with psychotropic medications . There remains, however, debate on methodological issues regarding assessment of psychotherapy efficacy and effectiveness  .
Patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma , which includes cancers of the oral cavity, pharynx, and larynx, have one of the highest rates of depression,  and psychological distress, relative to other cancer patient populations. Several studies have reported that various measures of psychosocial functioning are associated with biological processes, such as angiogenesis,  that may be relevant to cancer progression and outcomes. Angiogenesis has long been recognized to promote tumor growth and metastases and can be stimulated by various proteins including vascular endothelial growth factor .
Evidence for the familial transmission of alcoholism is well established in the empirical literature. Both twin and adoption studies support the heritability of alcoholism for both men and women . This conceptual shift has resulted in more research on the mechanisms through which familial vulnerability operates and includes prospective studies of children in families with an alcoholic parent.
Eukaryotic genomes are pervasively transcribed. RNA polymerase II  is responsible for generating both mRNAs and lncRNAs. As with mRNAs, many lncRNAs are processed , however, in contrast to protein coding mRNAs, lncRNAs are predominantly nuclear and many are rapidly degraded by the exosome, the major cellular 3′→5′ RNA degradation machinery.
In the United States, 28% of adults infected with HIV are parents . Among families affected by parental HIV, research consistently has shown the significant effects of maternal HIV status and distress on adolescent outcomes . To understand the effect of parental HIV on adolescent mental health and behavioral outcomes fully, research must delineate the mediating family processes through which maternal HIV impacts children.
Histidine  tag affinity purification is a method of choice for the purification of a large number of recombinant proteins expressed in various overexpression systems. Information is lacking about quantitative evaluation of this procedure . TTP, a hyperphosphorylated mRNA binding and destabilizing protein , regulates inflammatory responses at the post transcriptional level .
Dental composites of polymer resins and glass filler particles have an esthetically pleasing appearance and adhere well to dental enamel and dentin . The resin is usually composed of methacrylate polymers such as bisphenol A diglycidyl methacrylate  and tetraethyleneglycol dimethacrylate. Both physical and chemical processes affect the degradation of dental composites in the oral cavity .
Infiltrating lobular carcinoma  differs both morphologically and clinically from the more common infiltrating ductal carcinoma  in breast cancer. ILC is more likely to be bilateral, multicentric, and diploid than IDC. Also, ILC tumors have a pattern of metastasis to bone, gastrointestinal tract, and ovary that is different from that of IDC .
The lymphatic system plays an essential role in fluid homeostasis, fat absorption and immune surveillance. The Prox1+ endothelial cells form primary lymph sacs, and from these structures lymphatic vessels subsequently sprout in a process known as lymphangiogenesis . The most common treatments are sclerotherapy for macrocystic  LMs and surgical resection for microcystic  LMs.
Uterine leiomyomata are tumors enriched in extracellular matrix  proteins that contribute to the symptomatic bulk of these tumors. Leiomyomas represent an excellent model for the study of disease processes involving disrupted ECM . Versican is a versatile ECM proteoglycan that contributes to the structural properties of the matrix through its ability to bind hyaluronan and the glycosaminoglycan  chondroitin sulfate, thereby influencing cell growth, migration, and differentiation.
HIV/AIDS continues to be a serious threat to the wellbeing of young people in the United States and around the world . Approximately 5% of people living with HIV in the United States are between the ages of 13 and 24; they represent 46,500 persons . Youth constitute a vulnerable group because they are passing through a period of sexual development in which curiosity and lack of accurate information are commonly coupled with sexual initiation and experimentation  .
Desmosomes are specialized intercellular adhesive junctions found in simple and stratified epithelium, and are vital for the integrity and stability of these tissues . Although desmosomes are traditionally considered as epithelial junctions, they are also found in the intercalated discs of cardiomyocytes in specialized hybrid structures of desmosomes and adherens junctions, called area composita. The desmosomal complex of proteins includes the armadillo repeat containing proteins plakoglobin  and plakophilins; the desmosomal cadherins, desmocollins 13 and, desmogleins  14; and the plakins, desmoplakin , envoplakin, periplakin, plectin, bullous pemphigoid antigen 1, and microtubule actin cross linking factor.
Relapse occurs in 15 to 20% of pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia  and 50% of adult ALL patients. Compared to de novo leukemia, relapsed leukemia is chemoresistant and long term survival is poor, however the genetic basis for this is not well understood. Studies of matched diagnosis and relapse ALL samples by SNP arrays demonstrated that 92% of relapsed ALL had DNA copy number variant  changes from diagnosis.
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a chronic inflammatory and destructive arthropathy of unknown etiology. In RA, the synovial lining increases from 1 to 2 cell layers to as much as 10 layers thick and is composed of macrophages and fibroblasts. Since there is a paucity of apoptotic cells in RA joint, one potential mechanism responsible for the hyperplasia in synovial lining may be attributed to decreased death of fibroblasts and macrophages.
Accelerated hypofractionated partial breast irradiation  condenses the standard 6 weeks of radiation treatment into 5 days, offering logistical and quality of life benefits . Results from studies evaluating various interstitial brachytherapy systems have proven to yield local failure rates as low as 05.7% at up to 65 months, as well as good to excellent cosmetic results in 67  97% of patients . Early and late normal tissue complications are thought to be comparable to other modes of APBI .
Langerhans cells  are dendritic cells that reside in the epidermis. Recently, however, data was presented that challenged this paradigm. Based on our earlier work showing that CGRP inhibits LC Ag presentation in several models including presentation to a Th1 clone , we hypothesized that CGRP may act by biasing LC towards inducing Th2 type immunity .
Alcohol consumption has been established as a major risk factor for esophageal cancer , which remains one of the most common and fatal malignancies worldwide  . Although the biological mechanisms underlying alcohol induced carcinogenesis have not been fully understood, the metabolism of ethanol has been suggested to play an important role in the development of EC  . In alcohol metabolism, alcohol dehydrogenases  oxidize alcohol to acetaldehyde, which was classified as a Group I human carcinogen by the International Agency of Research on Cancer  .
Genital Chlamydia trachomatis infection in humans leads to pathological sequelae in the upper genital tract  including pelvic inflammatory disease, ectopic pregnancy and infertility . The incidence of genital chlamydial infection has continued to increase over the last decade despite the availability of efficacious antimicrobial therapy . A licensed preventive vaccine is thought to be the solution to this problem, but has yet to be developed .
The elevation of nitric oxide  in skin cells after ultraviolet light B  irradiation plays an important role in regulation of apoptosis . UVB also induces the production of superoxide  , which could rapidly react with NO• to form peroxynitrite  . Our recent study indicated that UVB induced imbalance of NO•/ONOO− promotes apoptotic cell death .
Glyceraldehyde 3 phosphate dehydrogenase, spermatogenic , the sperm specific isoform of human GAPDH , is under active study as a male contraceptive target . In contrast to the somatic form of GAPDH, the sperm specific GAPDHS possesses a unique proline rich extension at the amino terminus which varies between species ), and may mediate binding to the fibrous sheath in the sperm flagellum  . We have had similar difficulties obtaining high yields of soluble protein when expressing recombinant mouse or human GAPDHS in E. coli.
TGFβ inducible early gene 1 , also referred to as KLF10, was originally cloned from human osteoblasts  as a primary response gene following TGFβ treatment . Over expression of TIEG in pancreatic carcinoma and hepatocarcinoma cells also inhibited cell proliferation and induced apoptosis similar to that of TGFβ . TIEG also plays an important role in mediating the TGFβ Smad signaling pathway.
The wide range in contractile, biochemical and morphological properties among muscle fibers is a common feature of skeletal muscle in virtually all animal species . It is well documented that the innervating motoneurons play a key role in the maintenance and plasticity of the differentiated muscle phenotype including fiber size, metabolic profile and contractile properties . Skeletal muscle gene expression is controlled by a complex group of regulators that derive from one of two major families of transcription factors.
The Transforming Growth Factor β  superfamily comprises a large number of cytokines that regulate tissue homeostasis and development through the regulation of fundamental processes such as cell proliferation, differentiation, motility and programmed cell death. TGF β has been shown to not only play a central role in development and normal organ function, but also to affect many pathological processes such as cirrhosis, nephrosclerosis, and tumorigenesis ) . Additional evidence for a tumor suppressor role for the TGF _ signaling pathway is derived from studies of mouse models of cancer.
Non small cell lung cancer  is the leading cause of cancer death in the United States and worldwide . Five year survival rate of NSCLC patients is only 13%. The development of highly reliable and noninvasive diagnostic tools would facilitate the early detection of lung cancer, and is thus clinically important .
During development of the central nervous system , differentiation of the myelinating cells, oligodendrocytes, and the process of active myelination itself are regulated by complex interactions of the oligodendrocytes’ cell surfaces with their extracellular environments . These interactions are to a large extent mediated by the integrin class of extracellular matrix  receptors . FAK, also known as protein tyrosine kinase 2 , is an ubiquitously expressed non receptor protein tyrosine kinase that can be activated by a number of extracellular signals .
Targeting interventions to characteristics of specific groups of patients has been supported in research studies and frequently discussed as desirable. While a positive finding of efficacy or effectiveness of an intervention provides evidence base for clinical practice, a negative finding could result from differing effects of the intervention on subgroups of the population. The examination of moderating effects of patient characteristics on intervention efficacy is fraught with difficulty.
In the United States, employees are legally entitled to a safe and healthy workplace. Surveillance systems capture these data and are key for designing effective interventions to improve worker safety and health . Severe weather has always threatened human health.
Chronic kidney disease, particularly end stage renal disease  treated with hemodialysis, is a powerful, independent risk factor for coronary artery disease  . In addition, traditional risk factors such as hypertension, diabetes and hyperlipidemia are common coexisting conditions. This highly atherogenic milieu in patients with ESRD results in a CAD associated mortality 1020 times greater than the normal population  .
The development of a non invasive imaging methodology that is both sensitive and specific to white matter  pathologies would be very valuable for the diagnosis, characterization and follow up of different WM associated disorders of the central nervous system . Diffusion tensor MRI  has been widely used to study and follow WM disorders . In most diffusion studies of neuronal tissues to date, the data have been analyzed using the well known StejskalTanner equation , which assumes the existence of a single unrestricted diffusing component and therefore, in biological tissues, provides a population averaged apparent diffusion coefficient.
Depressive symptoms are common in elderly hospitalized patients, with significant symptom levels occurring in 10 to 44% of patients. The presence of depressive symptoms during hospitalization is associated with adverse outcomes, a finding initially noted among select patient groups such as those with acute myocardial infarction. , It is now recognized that among elderly patients hospitalized with a range of medical diagnoses, those with depressive symptoms are at increased risk of poor post hospitalization outcomes including worse physical and mental health, functional decline and increased mortality.
Griscelli syndrome  is a rare autosomal recessive disorder caused by mutations in the MYO5A , RAB27A , or MLPH  genes . All GS patients present with hypomelanosis of the skin due to abnormal melanosomal trafficking in melanocytes and silvery gray hair due to the presence of large clumps of pigment in hair shafts. HLH manifests as episodes of uncontrolled activation of T lymphocytes and macrophages and, without a bone marrow transplant, is typically fatal in early childhood for patients with GS2 .
Steroid hormone receptors bind hormones such as estrogen, glucocorticoid or progesterone within the cell and then regulate transcription of steroid responsive genes. Hence, the RNA was entitled “steroid receptor RNA activator”, or “SRA”. It was subsequently proposed that SRA asserts similar regulatory effects on transcription in additional biological contexts, such as myogenesis  and adipogenesis , reviewed recently in  .
Over the past decade, transcatheter cardiac ablation  procedures for treatment of supraventricular arrhythmias have become routine in hospitals around the world. Reported rates of arrhythmia recurrence post TCA are typically around 20%, and studies have attributed arrhythmia recurrence to incomplete lesions or electrical conduction through unablated gaps in isolation lines. Electroanatomical mapping  systems are the current clinical standard for guiding RFA lesion placement.
Prostate development begins prenatally when fetal androgens bind to androgen receptors in UGS mesenchyme to stimulate prostatic ductal progenitors, or buds in UGS epithelium. Buds are specified along three asymmetric axes: dorsoventral, craniocaudal, and mediolateral. The second stage of bud formation is the initiation stage, when buds first project from the UGS epithelial surface.
The Lsm proteins were identified in Saccharomyces cerevisiae by their sequence similarity to the canonical Sm proteins . As these RNAs are all nuclear and, with the exception of the U6 snRNA, their associations with the Lsm proteins are highly transient, this suggests that at least some of the Lsm proteins enter the nucleus separately from their target RNAs . Production of recombinant human LSm proteins in bacteria, followed by their injection into HeLa cells, showed that pre assembled LSm2 8 complex localized to the nucleus, whereas LSm8 injected by itself accumulated in the cytoplasm .
Fulminant hepatic failure is a life threatening condition that is treated by transplantation of the liver when a donor organ can be found. Therefore, treatment of hepatic failure could be dramatically improved by development of methods for temporary hepatic support . Thus, the use of a liver assist devices  has greater theoretic potential as a minimally intrusive therapy, as incorporated hepatocytes might provide additional metabolic capacity and physiologically active molecules important for recovery of native hepatic function  .
Adolescent involvement in gangs is a serious public health problem, with an estimated 788 000 youths involved in 27 000 gangs in the United States in 2007 . Gang membership is typically characterized by engagement in some form of criminal activity, such as fighting with other gangs, stealing cars or other goods, selling illegal drugs, or engaging in property damage . Accordingly, gang members report higher rates of violent offending, nonviolent delinquency, and victimization than their peers .
Persistent oxidative damage to cellular DNA associated with chronic inflammation developed in response to microbial and viral infections, tobacco smoke, and other environmental insults, is genotoxic and has been implicated in the etiology of many human cancers . The most common DNA lesion detected in vivo is 8 oxo 7,8 dihydroguanine , a well known biomarker of oxidative stress . This lesion is mutagenic because it mispairs with A during replication by DNA polymerases that lead to a predominant G → T transversion mutation , the second most common somatic mutation in human carcinomas .
Dendritic Cells  are critical antigen presenting cells  characterized by their efficient conversion of internalized antigens into peptide MHC complexes  required to orchestrate T cell responses . Critical DC functions such as antigen presentation, expression of co stimulatory molecules and migration are tightly controlled by a maturation process, where stimuli such as Toll like receptor  ligands or inflammatory cytokines convert immature DCs into mature DCs specialized for T cell stimulation  . Manipulation of DC maturation shows high therapeutic potential, especially in vaccination regimes where antigen delivery to DCs is coordinated with a maturation stimulus to optimize T cell stimulation .
Allergic airway inflammation is a complex disease that involves generation, mobilization, trafficking and recruitment of multiple inflammatory cells, including T helper type 2  cells, eosinophils, neutrophils and natural killer  cells to the airways . Amongst these, eosinophils play a prominent pro inflammatory role in airway allergic inflammation , contributing to several of the clinical features of allergic asthma . Clinical studies as well as murine models of allergic airway inflammation have shown up regulation of bone marrow  eosinophils and their progenitors .
The correct and consistent use of condoms during sexual activity can effectively reduce the transmission of HIV,, so condom use is regularly measured as a proxy for HIV risk. Because no gold standard exists for measuring condom use, researchers have developed a myriad of condom related questions, answered through self report, to assess this behavior. Responses can be influenced by social desirability bias, participation bias, and memory error.
Approximately 2.4 million people in India  are infected with HIV; the vast majority of these  are infected via heterosexual sex . Recent national declines in the epidemic have been attributed to targeted intervention campaigns directed at FSWs and their male clients . Interventions focused on HIV prevention among wives at risk for contracting HIV from their husbands are needed in India, particularly in high epidemic areas of the country, such as Mumbai  .
Traumatic brain injury  is a major cause of acquired disability in children , which results in physical impairments and difficulty with cognition, mood, behavior, social development, and school performance . Many children also experience changes in their sleep patterns after TBI that could contribute to irritability, disrupted sleep, and daytime somnolence . Parents report increased daytime somnolence and prolonged nocturnal sleep in grade school children for months to years after severe TBI compared with mild TBI and controls .
Poorly differentiated thyroid carcinomas of conventional type  and oncocytic  type  are biologically situated between well differentiated papillary  and follicular  thyroid carcinomas on the one hand and anaplastic thyroid carcinomas  on the other. A consensus meeting was held in 2007 and a diagnostic algorithm was developed by different experts in thyroid pathology throughout the world . PDs can be admixed with well differentiated thyroid tumors like PTCs or FTCs but even a small PD component determines the patient outcome .
TAR DNA binding protein of 43 kDa  is the major component of protein aggregates in patients with sporadic and most familial ALS and in a subclass of patients with frontotemporal lobar degeneration  characterized by ubiquitin positive inclusions . Moreover, mutations in the gene encoding TDP43 are associated with familial ALS and FTLD with motor neuron disease, strengthening the conclusion that this protein plays a central role in disease pathogenesis  . TDP 43 is a widely expressed nuclear protein that binds DNA and RNA, inhibits retroviral replication, and participates in RNA splicing and nuclear body formation .
Neurosteroids are endogenous steroid molecules in the brain that can allosterically potentiate or inhibit GABAA receptor function . Enhancing neurosteroids, such as 5α, 3α THDOC, play a role in depression, seizure susceptibility, ethanol action, and many other nervous system functions . Further investigation into the structural basis of neurosteroid potentiation and inhibition of GABAA receptors will be important to better understand the physiological basis of neurosteroid effects on behavior, and to exploit their therapeutic potential .
Neural proliferation has been recorded in adults animals of all vertebrate taxa and, with few exceptions, occurs in the cell layer surrounding the lateral ventricles, the ventricular zone  . In mammals these cells migrate largely to the hippocampus and olfactory bulb areas , whereas in songbirds many neurons migrate to nuclei of the efferent motor pathway for learned vocalization  . Steroids are among the factors affecting neural proliferation.
Influenza A viruses cause a highly contagious respiratory disease that results in approximately 36,000 deaths annually in the United States . The annual  viruses currently circulating in humans are comprised of two subtypes with antigenically distinct surface hemagglutinin  and neuraminidase  surface proteins, H1N1 and H3N2. The most severe pandemic occurred in 1918, which was caused by a H1N1 virus.
Dopaminergic amacrine  cells are retinal interneurons that modulate a variety of key visual processes, most notably, those associated with light adaptation and the transition from scotopic to photopic visual function . In the mouse retina, the DA cells are all positioned within the inner nuclear layer , extending their dendritic and axonal processes primarily within the outermost stratum of the inner plexiform layer , in S1 . The DA cells are one of the sparsest cell types within the retina, amounting to less than one hundredth of 1% of all retinal neurons.
Methylphenidate is one of the most frequently prescribed medications for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . Its prescription usage has been rising along with increasing public awareness of the morbidity and disability associated with this disorder, and the critical importance of successful diagnosis and treatment . Since these safety concerns cannot be adequately studied in humans, animal models have been employed to examine the mechanisms of action of methylphenidate and its addictive potential .
Worldwide, there are over 350 million individuals chronically infected with the human hepatitis B virus ; approximately 25% of chronically HBV infected individuals will develop hepatocellular carcinoma  . HBx activities have frequently been studied in transformed or immortalized cell lines, sometimes not of liver origin, and the precise effect of HBx on cellular signal transduction pathways and on HBV replication has varied in different experimental systems ). Consequently, the role of HBx during HBV replication in normal hepatocytes, and which HBx activities might contribute to the development of HCC, remains incompletely understood.
The behavioral economic approach to the study of cross temporal decision making conceptualizes addiction as a disorder of restricted time horizon , where future consequences falling beyond the horizon  are not adequately integrated into the valuation of current behavioral alternatives. However, addiction is also characterized by memory deficits , insensitivity to risk , and social cognitive dysfunction beyond generalized addiction related social withdrawal . Insights from basic research suggest that these addiction related deficits may simply be different manifestations of a common underlying process .
In order for a tumor to grow beyond approximately 1 2 mm3, it must recruit and form new vasculature as it can no longer rely on the passive diffusion of nutrients . During this process of angiogenesis several growth factors, including vascular endothelial growth factor , are released from both tumor and endothelial cells, and new vessels develop in response to these . For example, the advent of contrast enhanced ultrasound  using microbubbles targeted to specific receptors permits the study of angiogenesis at a molecular level .
Many diseases are characterized by undesired peripheral neural activity. For example, spasticity , chorea, tics and intractable hiccups are all associated with pathological motor activity. These conditions are typically treated pharmacologically, but they may ultimately require surgical, chemical or radiation procedures which result in destruction of the nerve in treatment resistant cases  .
Dysphagia is a serious yet common problem in older adults, especially for those in hospital settings and in sub acute care facilities  . Patients with stroke or hip fracture, the most common reasons for sub acute care admission , are at especially high dysphagia risk. Forty to seventy percent of older adults with acute stroke experience dysphagia .
Microarrays have shown increasing potential as a component of high throughput analytical devices for the rapid detection of biomolecules for a variety of applications such as drug screening. Microarrays of proteins, DNA, carbohydrates, and lipid bilayers have been prepared . Protein microarrays have applications in proteomics and protein functional studies , DNA chips are used in gene expression studies and rapid DNA sequencing , and carbohydrate microarrays can be used in glycomics studies and pathogen identification .
Plasticity in transcription regulation can be achieved by dynamic regulation of histone modifications, particularly on the amino terminal histone tails . Among the lysines that can be acetylated, acetylated H4 K16 is known to play a pivotal role in determining the potential of coding DNA for expression. In vitro biochemical studies revealed that MOF protein alone does not acetylate nucleosomal H4 .
Historically, all diagnostic testing was performed at the patient’s bedside. While the past century has seen the migration of diagnostic testing to the central laboratory for a variety of reasons, over the past couple of decades, however, some diagnostic tests have begun to shift back to the bedside, paving way for the re birth of point of care testing . However, with advances in technology, POCT has now been extended to infectious diseases, cardiac markers, and drugs of abuse.
Aicardi syndrome is a rare neurodevelopmental disorder affecting females and, very rarely, males with a 47,XXY karyotype . The diagnosis of Aicardi syndrome in boys with a 46,XY karyotype has been reported but not confirmed subsequently . Aicardi syndrome is sporadic except for one reported pair of affected sisters  and a pair of affected monozygotic twins .
The production of superoxide from macrophages is a noted antibacterial function of innate immunity. In cell culture, bacterial endotoxins rapidly stimulate superoxide production through assembly and activation of NADPH oxidase, functionally known as the respiratory burst. Exactly how endotoxin activates macrophages to generate superoxide is still largely unknown.
Cleft palate is one of the most commonly observed congenital malformations in humans, occurring in up to 1 in 500 live births. The function of the palate is to separate the oral cavity and nasal cavity to allow respiration, deglutition and phonation to occur. Craniofacial development is a highly regulated process involving the growth and fusion of the maxillary, mandibular and nasal processes.
Anger is related to both acute  and chronic pain intensity . proposed a “symptom specificity” model of chronic pain based on principles of individual response stereotypy . That is, they may reveal strong contraction of low back muscles ) during stress while not necessarily showing such tension increases in muscle groups distant from the pain site.
The active metabolite of vitamin D, 1,25 dihydroxyvitamin D 2D3), regulates transcription through its binding to the vitamin D receptor  for subsequent regulation of proliferation and differentiation in a number of cells, including keratinocytes . The VDR binds selectively to genomic sites, termed VDR response elements, and activate transcription . We have previously purified and identified the protein complex of vitamin D receptor interacting proteins  from primary keratinocytes, as well as in the squamous carcinoma cell line SCC12B2  as VDR coactivators.
Butterflies and moths  have a large number of short holocentric chromosomes  with substantial variation in chromosome number  . However, the most common chromosome numbers are n=29 31, , and the distribution is markedly skewed with only a few species having n>31. In spite of much variation in the number of chromosomes, the amount of DNA is approximately the same in different species, suggesting that species with fewer chromosomes have, on average, longer chromosomes.
Natural Killer  cells are a critical component of the immune system where they play a role in viral responses and tumor control. Human NK cells develop from CD34+ hematopoietic stem cells  and must traverse through a number of developmental stages prior to acquisition of CD56 expression and functional competence . NK cell commitment is marked by CD56 expression that can be divided further into two populations of NK cells based on CD56 intensity, with the CD56bright NK cells preceding, and giving rise to the CD56dim NK cells .
Neuroimaging methods play an important role in the process of extending our understanding of brain structure and function. Despite the large number of neuroimaging studies conducted to delineate brain activations related to a wide range of cognitive functions, the fundamental issue of how the brain regions communicate to each other still remains open . Much recent work has focused on measuring and interpreting the spontaneous signal fluctuations typically seen during rest .
Alzheimer's disease , the most common cause of dementia in the elderly, is characterized pathologically by the deposition of β amyloid  plaques and neurofibrillary tangles in the hippocampus and cerebral cortex. Because only symptomatic treatments are now available, safe and effective mechanism based therapies are needed for this devastating neurodegenerative disease of later life. The latter is a complex consisting of four distinct membrane proteins, namely presenilin , nicastrin, anterior pharynx defective1 , and presenilin enhancer 2  .
2 deoxy D glucose  is a glucose analogue which, when administered in vivo, can be taken up by cells through glucose transporters. Once intracellular, it undergoes phosphorylation catalyzed by hexokinase but, unlike glucose itself, does not undergo further metabolism but is trapped and accumulates within cells . 2DG has previously been used ex vivo to evaluate cellular function and metabolic activity, and non invasive methods of measurement of 2DG or similar molecules would be valuable for studies of glucose uptake in a variety of applications including assessments of tumors and other pathologies .
The preponderance of research addressing violence against women in the United States focuses on intimate partner violence, meaning physical or sexual violence perpetrated by male partners . In particular, research has shown that women who use illicit drugs are vulnerable to many different types of assailants, including intimate partners, strangers, acquaintances, sex trade clients, police, and drug dealers . Some studies suggest that among women who use drugs, partner assault is not the most common form of violence  .
Asbestos fibers are a naturally occurring hydrated silicate mineral used for commercial applications. Asbestos has two primary classes: serpentine and amphibole. Three examples of amphibole fibers are crocidolite, tremolite, and amosite .
The metabolic syndrome , a highly prevalent condition in the elderly, is associated with potentially reversible risk factors and with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular morbidity and mortality. MetS is also associated with inflammation and hormonal dysfunction,, which in turn are involved in the pathogenesis of anemia . Low hemoglobin levels are common in older subjects, and herald several adverse outcomes like mortality, disability and hospitalization.
Adaptive behavior requires the ability to maintain stable cognitive representations while remaining sensitive to novel information in order to modify behavior based on changing task contexts . Developmental studies have utilized similar tasks to assess cognitive stability and flexibility among children and adolescents ranging from ages 2 to 17 . In addition, there is a second body of research that construes early cognitive control as a dynamic balance between reactivity and regulation, based on relatively stable behaviors that reflect both affective responses to novel stimuli and developing regulatory systems that modulate those affective responses .
Floods have occurred in the recent past, including those during the monsoons of 1998, 2004, and 2007. In addition to flood related epidemics, Bangladesh faces seasonal diarrheal peaks resulting from an increased incidence of waterborne diseases, which are a cause of significant morbidity. , Clinical features of diarrheal diseases seen at health facilities tend to be more severe during floods.
Initially described by Dor in 1989 , endoventricular patch plasty  is used to reduce left ventricular  volume after myocardial infarction  and subsequent LV remodeling. Briefly, the infarct is incised and a purse string suture  used to reduce the circumference of the aneurysm “neck.” The Dor procedure can be performed safely. , However, the NIH sponsored Surgical Treatment for Ischemic Heart failure  trial recently found no difference in composite outcome between coronary bypass  and CABG plus Dor procedure.
Brain development depends on a sequence of cellular and molecular events underlying the process of neuronal generation. Through this sequence, neuronal identity is restricted and defined. Broad distinctions between classes of neurons are largely accomplished through spatially distinct localization of neural progenitor pools.
According to the U.S. National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute's  Asthma Guidelines, the goal of asthma treatment is to improve the quality of life  of people who have asthma, while working toward controlling symptoms, reducing the risk of exacerbations, and preventing asthma related death  . Most notably, past efforts to measure asthma QoL have resulted in tools that can confound QoL with symptoms , functional impairment , and control . The primary objective of the present work responds to this recommendation by developing new freely available instrumentation for measuring the impact of asthma on QoL that avoids confounding QoL with asthma symptomatology and functional impairment, and includes many domains of life important to people with asthma .
The development of new treatments for a disease requires knowledge of the molecular target of those treatments. The social amoeba, Dictyostelium discoideum, is a simple biomedical model commonly used to study developmental and cellular biology. This approach has provided new insights into how current therapeutic agents regulate cellular function , for example, in identifying common signalling pathways targeted by lithium and valproic acid in the treatment of bipolar disorder, and is increasingly being used to identify cellular mechanisms controlling drug targets using growth and development  or cell movement  as phenotypic readouts .
Birds, unlike mammals, have the ability to regenerate hair cells  following damage to the peripheral auditory organ, the basilar papilla   and  for reviews). Aminoglycoside antibiotics cause damage to both short and tall HCs over a region of the papilla extending from the base for a distance that depends on the dose administered and the duration of administration. Recovery of neural and behavioral thresholds after aminoglycoside treatment is correlated with HC regeneration.
Over the past decade, studies of animal models have transformed our understanding of cardiac embryology. In particular, the use of genetic cell lineage analysis, along with the ability to assess large numbers of specimens, has permitted the accurate tracking of distinct cellular contributions within the developing mouse heart. These findings have provided a framework for understanding cardiac development in man, where comparable studies are hampered by limited availability of specimens, and the impossibility of following cell lineage.
Diabetes is a metabolic disease that involves the death or dysfunction of the insulin secreting β cells of the pancreas. Although diabetes can be managed with insulin and other drugs, physiological glucose homeostasis is difficult to achieve by these means, and hyperglycemia is largely responsible for the co morbidities associated with diabetes. NeuroD is a basic helix loop helix  transcription factor that is crucial for development of the pancreas .
Ubiquitination is the process of tagging a target protein with ubiquitin  or a polyubiquitin chain as part of post translational modifications leading to regulatory roles such as protein degradation in the proteosome . The process of ubiquitination is mediated by a cascade of three enzymes known as the ubiquitin activating enzyme , ubiquitin conjugating enzyme  and ubiquitin ligase . Until recently, it was generally accepted that there is only a single subtype of human E1 .
Thyroid hormones  are essential for the normal growth and development of the fetus with even minor perturbations in maternal thyroid status during early pregnancy being associated with neurodevelopmental abnormalities in children in later life . Since effects of maternal thyroid status impact on outcome at a time before development of the thyroid in the fetus, it is clear that supply of maternal THs across the placenta is critical to normal fetal development during pregnancy. Babies born with intrauterine growth restriction  are major contributors to perinatal and neonatal mortality and up to 10% display neurodevelopmental delay .
Iron plays an important role in central nervous system  myelination and inflammation. Macrophages also engulf extravasated red blood cells thereby removing potentially toxic iron containing heme . Through cytokine release, activated macrophages can alter levels of iron and the iron storage protein ferritin .
Assessment of human cancer risk from environmental carcinogen exposures remains a challenging and inexact prospect. According to the March 29, 2005 Guidelines for Carcinogen Risk Assessment , cancer risk is estimated using a human case specific dose response model, if such a model is available . The uncertainties introduced by these extrapolations remains a point of major concern.
Bladder cancer is the sixth most common cancer in the United States, with an estimated 72,570 new cases and 15,210 deaths in 2013 . At presentation, bladder cancer is classified into non muscle invasive , muscle invasive , or metastatic disease. Low grade NMIBC  has a high rate of recurrence but a low rate of progression to MIBC, while high grade NMIBC  has a high rate of recurrence and progression to MIBC .
All trans retinoic acid  is the biologically active derivative of vitamin A. atRA has been considered a potentially promising chemotherapeutic agent, due to its pro apoptotic and growth suppressing activity. The growth of a variety of solid tumors and tumor derived cell lines, including breast, ovarian and colon, has been shown to be inhibited by atRA  . This results from arrest of the cell cycle during the G1 phase .
Dietary restriction  extends lifespan and slows aging across a variety of taxa and also causes myriad other physiological changes . To ascertain which of these processes affected by DR might be causally responsible for DR’s benefits, we have utilized genetic variation underlying a variety of physiological traits in the ILSXISS  series of recombinant inbred  strains of mice . These strains of mice are now available from the Jackson Laboratory .
G protein coupled receptors  comprise a large family of integral membrane proteins that mediate signal transduction across the cell membrane. built models of 26 GPCRs by distance geometry calculations based on interhelical hydrogen bonds. , Reliable homology models are less confidently obtained as the sequence and structure similarity between the template and target decrease.
Recent epidemiological studies have demonstrated a correlation between exposure to fine particulate matter and an increased incidence of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality . Unfortunately the mechanisms behind this correlation remain largely unknown. Iron has two major oxidation states under environmentally relevant conditions: Fe and Fe.
Parkinson’s disease  is a common neurodegenerative disorder characterized clinically by tremor, rigidity, bradykinesia, and postural instability, and pathologically by selective loss of dopaminergic  neurons in affected brain regions. Mutations in leucine rich repeat kinase 2  represent the most frequent cause of autosomal dominant and idiopathic PD identified to date . LRRK2 is a large multi domain protein with both a GTPase and a kinase domain within the same molecule .
Sorbitol is a sugar substitute often used in diet foods  and sugar free chewing gums. It also occurs naturally in many stone fruits and berries from trees of the genus Sorbus. Sorbitol can be used as a non stimulant laxative as either an oral suspension or suppository.
Angiosarcoma  is a rare, usually high grade malignant vascular endothelial tumor comprising less than 1% of all sarcomas. It most commonly involves skin and less commonly deep soft tissue, breast parenchyma, liver, spleen, and bone. Histologically angiosarcomas vary from spindled to epithelioid morphology.
The caries process is potentially preventable and curable. Therefore, one cannot overstate the importance of detecting the decay in the early stage of development at which point non invasive preventive measures can be taken to halt further decay. Light scattering in sound dental enamel decreases markedly in the near infrared  region and studies have shown that enamel has the highest transparency near 1310nm .
Hsp70s are universally conserved and essential protein chaperones that protect proteins during stress and help proteins fold, cross membranes, assemble and disassemble into complexes and become degraded . Hsp70s are involved in a large number of human diseases and the mechanisms of Hsp70 function are an important clinical consideration  . While these experiments provide insight into interactions of isolated components of the chaperone machinery with amyloid, it remains unclear how accurately they reflect how these and other factors influence dynamics of prion propagation in the highly complex environment of the cell .
Nanoparticle based in vivo diagnostic imaging is one part of the broad research field of nanomedicine that is currently the focus of numerous interdisciplinary research groups worldwide. Nanoscale diagnostic constructs are being developed for a range of imaging modalities such as positron emission tomography , single photon emission computed tomography , and magnetic resonance imaging , among others. , , , Although MRI can suffer from sensitivity issues, MRI based diagnostics have the benefit of both not relying on ionizing radiation and displaying larger contrast between different types of biological soft tissues, which is important in cancer diagnostics and imaging of the brain, muscle, and cardiovasculature.
Cannabis is one of the most widely used psychoactive substances in the United States . Perceived risk of use is associated with substance use; the recent debate surrounding medicalization and legalization of cannabis in the U.S. has the potential to impact perceived risk of use. Recent estimates are needed to assess temporal changes in, and identify correlates of, perceived risk of cannabis use .
Collagen induced arthritis  is an established mouse model of human rheumatoid arthritis . Immunization with heterologous collagen type II in susceptible mouse strains results in autoantibody production to murine collagen type II, followed by autoantibody binding to joint cartilage, activation of the complement cascade, and inflammation resulting in tissue destruction . Both MHC and non MHC genes are implicated in disease susceptibility .
Numerous proteins that are critical to cellular function are synthesized endoplasmic reticulum  ribosomes, then folded and further post translationally modified in the ER lumen. ER stress activates the transcription factors, X box binding protein  and activator of transcription 6 , which induce numerous ERSR proteins designed to restore efficient ER protein folding, which contributes to resisting the stress ,. Many ERSR genes are induced by ATF6 or XBP1, while others exhibit a requirement for only one of the two factors  .
Mallory Denk Bodies , which are an intracellular deposition of misfolded protein in ballooned hepatocytes, consist of abnormally phosphorylated, ubiquitylated, and cross linked keratins or non keratin K18 and 8, and p62 components . Balloon hepatocytes forming MDBs are progenitor preneoplasia cells . In the DDC fed mouse model where liver cells proliferate, MDBs form and later, after DDC withdrawal, HCCs develop .
A number of epidemiologic studies have associated pre  and post natal exposure toambient air pollution with adverse respiratory outcomes. Post natal exposures to airpollutants, including particulate matter , ozone , nitrogen dioxide, carbon monoxide , and sulfur dioxide , have beenassociated with increased infant mortality, even in developed countries such as the UnitedStates, with the strongest associations for post neonatal respiratory mortality . Although a number of studies report increased risks of respiratory symptoms inearly life in association with air pollution exposure,, relatively few studies havespecifically examined early life respiratory infection  in relation to traffic related emissions.
Our objective was to determine the probability threshold for recurrent symptoms at which elective cholecystectomy compared to observation in older patients with symptomatic cholelithiasis is the more effective and cost effective option . We built a decision model of elective cholecystectomy vs. observation in patients >65 presenting with initial episodes of symptomatic cholelithiasis that did not require initial hospitalization or cholecystectomy. Probabilities for subsequent hospitalization, emergency cholecystectomy, and perioperative complications were based on previously published probabilities from a 5% national sample of Medicare patients.
In the kidney, the proximal tubule reabsorbs 6070% of filtered NaCl and fluid. Therefore changes in proximal tubule reabsorption can have profound effects on renal and body fluid balance and may contribute to the development of hypertension. The normal kidney protects against acute increases in blood pressure by excreting NaCl rapidly.
The number of incarcerations in the US has dramatically increased in recent years . The proportion of female inmates accounts for less than 9% of the incarcerated population, but the number of female inmates in state and federal correctional facilities has grown faster  than the number of male incarcerations  between 1995 and 2007  . Typically, their socioeconomic difficulties exist before their incarceration .
Antibody mediated injury has reached epidemic proportions in kidney transplantation. Recent studies suggest that antibody mediated rejection  is the most important cause of allograft loss following kidney transplantation . In this new definition, C4d staining is not an absolute requirement for the diagnosis of ABMR.
Dental caries are the result of acidification of dental plaque, mainly by oral lactic acid bacteria, most notably Streptococcus mutans, but also other acid producing plaque bacteria. Other environmental stresses, such as oxidative or starvation stress, may act in conjunction with acidification in causing damage. Another common way for oral bacteria to protect themselves against acid damage is through the production of alkali .
The nuclear envelope, comprised of the inner and outer nuclear membranes , define the nuclear rim and separate the nucleus from the cytoplasm. B type lamins, subdivided into lamins B1 and B2, are products of individual genes . Because of their large size, progeny virions cannot exit through nuclear pores and therefore must cross the nuclear lamina to bud through the INM.
Clinical and epidemiological data has associated an inflammatory microenvironment with cancer development . Most tumors show evidence of infiltrating immune and inflammatory cells, and chronic inflammatory disorders are known to increase the overall risk of cancer development. The IL 6 family of cytokines, which includes IL 6, Oncostatin M  IL 11, leukemia inhibitory factor , cardiotrophin 1 , ciliary neurotrophic factor , and cardiotrophin like cytokine  are secreted by immune cells, stromal cells, and epithelial cells, and regulate diverse processes .
Hereditary deafness is phenotypically and genetically heterogeneous affecting nearly 300 million people worldwide. Genetically, it has been estimated that ~1% of all human genes may be implicated in the etiology of hereditary deafness., The major challenges and goals in the field have been to identify all the genes containing mutations leading to deafness and to decipher the functions of the encoded protein in auditory and vestibular pathways. In the last five years, the emergence of genome enrichment arrays followed by massively parallel sequencing  technologies has accelerated gene discovery for human disorders, including deafness.
The qualities of a self specific T lymphocyte that define its pathogenicity are incompletely understood. TCR affinity may have dual roles in defining a T cell's autoimmune potential. Increased affinity may promote central and peripheral tolerance .
Globally, the estimate of those with an active headache disorder is 46% of the adult population. Cervicogenic headache  is a type of headache causally associated with cervical myofascial tender spots or cervical spine dysfunction. The reported prevalence of CGH varies from 13.8% to 17.8% of the headache population in different epidemiological studies.
Great Danes  with cervical spondylomyelopathy  are most frequently affected by the osseous associated form, which is characterized by vertebral canal stenosis secondary to osseous proliferation of the vertebral arch, articular processes and/or pedicles . Magnetic resonance imaging  is the imaging modality of choice for dogs with suspected CSM  . The morphologic MRI features of GDs with osseous associated CSM have been described retrospectively .
Synthetic biology aims at engineering tunable gene circuits, with standardized components , whose properties then can be extensively studied by combining experiments and computational modeling. However, little attention has been paid to the question of dynamical mechanism. cannot transform one mechanism into another.
When viewing a stimulus with two or more distinct interpretations, observers experience perceptual switches between the two alternatives. Well known examples are binocular rivalry , ambiguous figures , and figure/ground illusions such as the face vase . For both binocular rivalry and ambiguous motion displays, the dynamics of the perceptual alternations were found to be stationary .
Improving the quality of care in nursing homes has been a major theme in health care for over 30 years. In this vein, a number of structural and process characteristics of nursing homes have been examined over the years in terms of their relationship with quality. Characteristics such as facility size, ownership, chain membership, facility resources and culture, medical treatments offered, specialized care settings, and percent private pay have all been related to outcomes.
More than two thirds of individuals with psychiatric disabilities  receiving mental health services want to work . Supported Employment  is an effective method to increase employment among individuals with psychiatric disabilities  with an employment rate approaching 60% . Thus, this population still faces major barriers to employment  .
Major depressive disorder  carries a significant risk of suicidal behavior . Studying suicide attempts is an important method to identify those at risk of future completion, since they are more common in the general population and strong risk factors for suicide . Depression severity , comorbid personality , anxiety , and alcohol use disorders  have all been associated with an elevated risk of suicide attempt.
Pathogenic HIV infection of humans and SIV infection of rhesus macaques  are characterized by progressive depletion of CD4+ T cells and development of a lethal state of immunodeficiency termed AIDS . In contrast, SIV infection of African nonhuman primate species that are natural hosts for the virus, such as the sooty mangabeys  and the African green monkeys , are typically nonpathogenic despite high virus replication . According to this model, CD4+ TCM are essential to maintain the overall CD4+ T cell homeostasis due to their in vivo longevity and high proliferative potential resulting in the ability to maintain their pool as well as the more differentiated pool of CD4+ effector memory  T cells .
Thymidylate synthases  catalyze the reductive methylation of 2′ deoxyuridine 5′ monophosphate  to form 2′ deoxythymidine 5′ monophosphate  in nearly all eukaryotes including humans. This reaction employs N5, N10 methylene 5,6,7,8 tetrahydrofolate  as both the methylene and the hydride donor , producing 7,8 dihydrofolate , as illustrated in . Thus, the genomes of thyA dependent organisms have always been found to contain folA as well, forming a TS DHFR coupled catalytic cycle that is essential for thymidine biosynthesis .
The p21 Ras family of monomeric GTPases function as molecular switches relaying signals from cell surface receptors to intracellular kinase cascades regulating cell proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis and senescence . The three ubiquitously expressed Ras isoforms: H Ras, K Ras 4B  and N Ras, share almost complete sequence homology between amino acids 1 165. However, tumour profiling, knock out mice, localisation and over expression studies have provided evidence for Ras isoform specific signalling  .
Nicotine is the primary addictive component of tobacco smoke . For example, nicotine upregulates the expression of immediate early genes such as c Fos, c Jun, Nurr77, and Egr1 . Through its interaction directly or indirectly with these genes, pathways, and neurotransmitter systems, nicotine is involved in the regulation of various physiological processes , as well as the morphology and function of different organelles  .
As members of the sodium and chloride dependent neurotransmitter transporter gene family, serotonin  transporters  carry out the uptake of 5 HT across plasma membranes in the central nervous system, peripheral nervous system, placenta, platelets, and pulmonary system. , Hydropathy analyses initially suggested that SERTs are integral membrane proteins with 12 α helices. ,, Mutagenesis of key residues has provided insight into the structure and function of SERT.
The deposition of β amyloid  in the form of diffuse , primitive , and classic  deposits is one of the pathological hallmarks of Alzheimer’s disease  and Down’s syndrome  . In AD and DS, Aβ deposits up to 150 μm in diameter can be observed in single sections of the cerebral cortex . A statistical mechanics approach has been adopted to model the growth of Aβ deposits in AD .
Initial investigations of cancer focused on the proximate causes of the disease ; however, more recent studies have addressed the ultimate causes behind the persistence of cancer . For example, the tumor suppression gene TP53 is not only effective at suppressing cancer, but also stem cells that replenish worn out tissues . Several behavioral studies have highlighted the specific importance of melanin patterns in sexual selection  and found that the same phenotype can play a role in both mate choice and male male competition.
Physical activity in children is an important determinant of health   . While studies have examined the association between physical activity and environmental factors and sociodemographic factors, few studies have reported on the role of specific physical characteristics such as eyesight that might influence physical activity . Myopia, or short sightedness, has been estimated to affect 8.4% of 412 year olds in Australia and 9.2% of 517 year olds in the U.S.A.  Children from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children  were asked to wear a uniaxial accelerometer for seven days.
For decades, coronary artery bypass graft surgery  has been the treatment of choice for symptomatic patients with medically refractory multi vessel coronary artery disease  . Recently, drug eluting stents were shown to reduce the incidence of in stent restenosis and target lesion revascularization . The combined primary endpoint was death, stroke, myocardial infarction or repeat revascularization at 12 months.
Kv2.1 channels are the principal component of sustained outward K+ currents  in hippocampus and cortex and are found in large, highly phosphorylated clusters on the soma and proximal dendrites of pyramidal neurons . It has been proposed that the cellular location of Kv2.1 channels allows for control of somatic sub threshold excitatory responses, and ultimately, regulation of action potential initiation . However, knock down of Kv2.1 channels increases excitability of CA1 pyramidal neurons only during high frequency, but not low frequency stimulation , suggesting that these channels function differently than typical delayed rectifier channels  .
The hunting spider Cupiennius salei Keys is a nocturnal predator that has been in focus of interest for a long time because of its excellent mechano sensory systems. showed that a visual stimulus alone can elicit attack behaviour. The rhabdomeres of the receptor cells of the AM eyes are orientated towards the light.
During development, morphogenetic movements are induced and controlled by a variety of molecules such as growth factors or hormones and their receptors. These hormones regulate gene expression patterns required for development. Following changes in gene expression, cells change shape and move by processes that require remodeling of the extracellular matrix  and alterations in the interactions of cell surface adhesion molecules with their intracellular and extracellular ligands.
Recently, a new concept is emerging that activation of the inflammasomes, in particular, the Nlrp3  inflammasome, plays a critical role in the development of vascular diseases . It has been known that the Nlrp3 inflammasome usually consists of three main components including Nlrp3 that functions as pattern recognition receptor, the adaptor protein, ASC  and inactive pro caspase 1 protein . Recently, Nlrp3 inflammasome activation has also been reported to produce the regulatory or pathogenic actions in cells or tissues beyond the classical inflammatory response.
The peritrichs are classified into two assemblages : the free living Sessilida and the parasitic Mobilida with their characteristic adhesive disk. The Sessilida, which includes the species described here, comprises about 105  to 140  genera, showing the great diversity of the group. Although a comprehensive recent review is not available, these genera comprise at least 800 described species.
Nitric oxide , a ubiquitous cellular signaling molecule, is one of the most studied small molecules in biology due to its involvement in numerous biological processes such as vasodilation, neurotransmission and immune response . There is still much that is unknown about how NO production by nitric oxide synthase  is tightly regulated . There are three mammalian NOS isoforms: endothelial NOS , neuronal NOS , and inducible NOS .
In the United States, the prevalence of adolescents who are obese has more than tripled over the past thirty years, increasing from 5% in 1976 to over 18% in 2008 . With the high prevalence of adolescent obesity, identification of physiological and psychological factors associated with obesity has become a national priority . Obese individuals may exhibit disordered eating behaviors or patterns, including binge eating.
Microparticles  are membrane encapsulated vesicles of less than 1 μm diameter shed by all types of cells, including platelets, red blood cells , leukocytes, epithelial cells of various tissue origins, as well as tumor cells . MPs are released during cell activation, apoptosis, cell senescence, cell lysis and oxidative stress. Published recommendations for the collection and handling of plasma samples for proteomic analysis differ in type of anticoagulant, types of collection tubes, holding temperature of whole blood , use of protease inhibitors .
Stroke is the 4th leading cause of death in the United States and the leading cause of long term disability. Over 7 million Americans have had a stroke . The American Heart Association predicts that by 2030, the direct cost of caring for stroke patients will triple from $61.55 billion to $183.13 billion, due in large part to increasing life expectancy, declining stroke related mortality and aging U.S. population.
c Myc is a transcription factor implicated in many cellular processes such as proliferation, and apoptosis  and is over expressed in most cancers . The c Myc protein belongs to the basic helix loop helix leucine zipper protein family , and forms a dimer with the ubiquitously expressed protein Max. The dimer binds to the specific CACTG motif designated as E  boxes and thereby regulates transcription of target genes both positively and negatively .
Atrial fibrillation  is the most common sustained dysrhythmia, affecting over 2 million people in the United States. Preventing AF is a priority given the high lifetime risk for developing the condition, the projected increase in population burden, and the substantial morbidity and mortality associated with the disease. Identification and characterization of intermediate phenotypes for AF may identify high risk individuals prior to disease onset.
Survival after out of hospital cardiac arrest  varies widely betweencommunities. These differences reflectdifferences in the distribution of patient risk factors and severity of disease; thestructure and function of emergency medical services ; and the method of measuring theprocess and outcome of care. Experts developed and disseminated the Utstein template tostandardize methods of measuring care for patients with OHCA to improve the comparabilitywithin and between communities of reports of risk factors, quality of care and outcomesafter OHCA.
Pulmonary arterial hypertension  involves abnormal proliferation of pulmonary vascular cells, resulting in pulmonary arterial remodeling and obliteration of the pulmonary vascular lumen. Ultimate clinical outcomes include increased pulmonary vascular resistance and right ventricular  failure. However, despite these advancements, there is a clear need for better understanding of the mechanisms of the disease process, given the persistently high mortality rates in this patient population.
Electrical injuries represent a small proportion of the total burn injuries that occur in North America , . The mechanisms of thermal and electrical injury are inherently different. Although soft tissue injury at the contact points may be detected on examination, deep tissue injury from electrical current may not be visible on initial clinical presentation .
Sleep disorders are reported in Parkinson’s disease, Dementia with Lewy Bodies and Alzheimer’ Disease . Whilst the pathophysiology of sleep disorders in these diseases remains unclear, it has been linked with reduced hypocretin levels in other sleep disorders such as narcolepsy . Hypocretins 1 and 2,  are hypothalamic neuropeptides, initially identified and investigated as regulators of food intake but which have more recently been shown to stimulate wakefulness  .
Over the last two decades, neuroimaging experiments have substantially increased our knowledge of how the brain processes pain, both in health and disease . The vast majority of the studies published so far, however, predominantly focuses on brain activations, and tends to neglect brain deactivations . Nonetheless, some studies indicate that an investigation of deactivations might yield a fuller understanding of central pain processing.
Differences in both drinking patterns and alcohol related outcomes have been found in US comparisons of Hispanic, Non Hispanic white and Non Hispanic black race/ethnicity groups. Hispanic and black groups have been found to have more extreme drinking patterns relative to whites with higher levels of abstention, a higher proportion of heavy drinking among drinkers and less reduction of heavy drinking with age . African American male drinkers have been found to be more likely to consume spirits and malt liquor beer and to have particularly large drinks and high daily intake from these beverage types in a community sample .
Breast cancer incidence and mortality varies widely among women of different population groups in the U.S. African American women have lower age adjusted incidence of breast cancer compared with European Americans . However, breast cancer incidence is higher in African Americans who are 35 years of age or younger . The expression of steroid hormone receptors  in breast cancer tumors also varies substantially by population.
Anti N methyl D aspartate receptor  encephalitis is an immune mediated disorder that associates with IgG antibodies against the GluN1 subunit of the NMDAR. In contrast, brain immunohistochemistry which produces a highly characteristic pattern of reactivity, and may reveal additional antibodies, combined with CBA with fixed cells expressing GluN1/2 which confirms the identity of the antigen, were kept as a set of techniques that since 2007 we have routinely used in serum or CSF, of all patients regardless of sex, age, or syndrome . Over the years we have studied anecdotal patients who had a clinical picture characteristic of anti NMDAR encephalitis but serum testing was negative in other laboratories.
Circadian  rhythms are driven by cell autonomous clocks that are generally composed of interconnected transcriptional and translational feedback loops . Studies using Drosophila have made seminal contributions to our understanding of clock mechanisms in general and those of animals in particular . dPER and TIM interact in the cytoplasm, an event that promotes their nuclear entry , where it is thought that the binding of dPER to dCLK is a crucial step in blocking the transcriptional activity of the dCLK CYC complex .
Microarray probes are designed to match the sequences of the target genes in the selected reference genome. However, due to individual and population variation, some probes may not exactly match the sequence of the RNA applied to the arrays. The polymorphisms that are most likely encountered in microarray experiments are single nucleotide polymorphisms  because they are much more abundant than any other type of polymorphisms in most species including human and mouse .
It is generally accepted that GnRH is secreted in pulses from the hypothalamus . The cellular basis for this pulse activity is not completely understood. These cultures consisted only of GnRH expressing cells and were found to release GnRH in a rhythmic fashion .
The tumor necrosis factor  receptorassociated factor  family of adaptor proteins promotes the activation of several transcription factors to induce immune and inflammatory responses, including nuclear factor kB , activator protein 1 , and interferon  regulatory factors 3 and 7 , which are especially important for innate immune antiviral function . The molecular specificities that determine the individual TRAF protein functions, including the role of TRAF3 in stimulating IFN secretion, however, still remain incompletely defined . The TRAF interacting motif  of Cardif has been mapped to three regions, including the TRAF2 binding motif  143PVQDT147, TRAF6 binding motif 1  153PVENSE159, and TRAF6 binding motif 2  431PEENEY437 .
Cardiogenic shock  complicates 58% of all cases of acute myocardial infarction  and is a common cause of death in patients hospitalized with MI An estimated 120,000140,000 patients in North America and Europe develop CS annually. Early revascularization  has a large, favorable impact on one year survival. However, not all patients receive early revascularization and there remains wide variability in mortality rates from CS with and without early revascularization and use of other support measures, from less than 30 to over 80%., Previous studies have identified patient, MI and treatment determinants of outcome,, Published risk models have primarily examined populations undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention  or participating in fibrinolytic trials.,, A robust risk model applicable to a broader group of shock patients would be useful not only for discussion of benefits and risks of therapeutic options with patients and families, but also for health care policies on resource utilization and in risk adjustment for outcome reporting from quality improvement programs.
Sleep characteristics that represent insufficient or poor quality sleep are associated with the development of coronary heart disease  and stroke in population studies. A number of pathophysiologic processes that are correlated with sleep and CHD could account for the relationship including inflammation, autonomic dysfunction,, endothelial dysfunction and insulin resistance. However, the contribution of the coagulation system is less well studied despite its plausibility as an alternative pathway .
As a pivotal part of the innate immunity, complement exists at high concentration in serum as well as in many other body fluids to fight against infections . At the same time, the terminal pathway of complement activation assembles membrane attack complexes , which lyses target cells by forming osmotic channels on cell surfaces . Since complement activation products cannot distinguish self cells from invading pathogens, self cells depend on surface complement regulators to protect them from autologous complement mediated injury.
A decade of studies using high throughput genomics and proteomics data revealed that cancer cells differ from normal cells in both RNA and protein contents. Not surprisingly, a substantial number of tumor suppressor genes and oncogenes are in fact transcription factors . In fact, a good portion of aberrant protein expression in tumors has its origin at the post transcriptional level.
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer and second leading cause of cancer death among African American women . Healthcare disparities have been documented across the spectrum of breast cancer detection and treatment: African American women are less likely to be diagnosed with early stage disease, less likely to receive breast sparing treatment, less likely to receive adjuvant treatment, and more likely to die compared to White women . African American women who undergo mastectomy are also significantly less likely to have breast reconstruction compared with White women in the US , an issue garnering increasing research attention and concern .
Angiogenesis, a process of new blood vessel formation, contributes to various physiological processes and pathological settings. Recent reports suggest that reactive oxygen species  can positively or negatively regulate angiogenesis. While physiological levels of ROS are required for angiogenesis, excess amount of ROS generated during inflammation and ischemic response may inhibit reparative vascular remodeling by inducing endothelial dysfunction and apoptosis.
The RAF MEK ERK protein kinase signaling cascade is a central pathway that regulates cell growth, proliferation, differentiation and survival in response to extracellular stimuli . Somatic mutations in B RAF, a member of the RAF kinase family, have been found in ∼6% of human cancer , with the highest incidence in malignant melanoma , papilliary thyroid cancer , serous ovarian cancer  and colorectal cancer  . Mouse embryonic fibroblasts lacking LKB1 fail to senescence in culture  but more readily undergo apoptosis in response to energy stress .
Most mortality in sub Saharan Africa  is currently due to communicable diseases, but WHO estimates that by 2030 noncommunicable diseases  will be the most common causes of death., As NCDs rise to account for 46% of all deaths by 2030, the SSA region will face a 64% increase in deaths due to NCDs  the largest percent increase of all regions. Many studies have documented the emerging burden of NCDs in rural and urban sub Saharan Africa, including rates of and risk factors for hypertension, stroke, diabetes mellitus, and ischemic heart disease. Recent meta analyses document the overall prevalence of hypertension in the general population to be 16.2%., In Uganda, cross sectional surveys defined hypertension as one elevated blood pressure reading, and found a prevalence of 27.2% in a mostly rural population, and 22% in a strictly rural population.
The relationship between inflammation and depression in humans and in animal models is well established. Individuals receiving immunotherapies have a higher incidence of depressive symptoms . Patients with major depressive disorders have higher levels of serum pro inflammatory cytokines than healthy controls .
CD4+ T cells have emerged as an important arm of immune system in combating tumors . CD4+ T cells could mediate tumor rejection by killing tumor cells via TRAIL, FasL or granzyme perforin dependent pathways, by up regulating MHC class I and II expressions on tumor cells, inhibiting tumor cell proliferation, promoting NK cell function, rescuing CTL from activation induced cell death, inducing angiogenesis inhibitors and recruiting macrophages/eosinophils via IFN γ mediated mechanisms . In most cases, CD4+ T cells may orchestrate broad immune components of hosts to elicit a tumor specific immune attack when considering the following: first, most tumor cells are MHC class II / , which cannot be recognized by CD4+ T cells ; second, the unique ability of CD4+ T cells to regulate other immune cells in vivo ; lastly, CD4+ T cell help is especially important in the situation of tumor bearing host lacking intrinsic “danger” signals .
Borderline Personality Disorder  is a serious, disabling condition with significant morbidity and mortality. Although little is known about the etiology of the disorder, recent research has demonstrated that there is a large heritable component in BPD . Thus, genes related to the serotonin system are potential candidate genes .
One of the most interesting characteristics of synapses lies in their ability to differentially respond following variations in afferent input, a property known as synaptic plasticity. Synaptic plasticity is a proposed neural correlate of learning and memory, and has been extensively characterized in the hippocampus . Functional AMPARs are heteromeric tetramers assembled from a combination of four different subunits .
Glioblastoma multiforme  is the most aggressive and fatal adult human brain cancer, and over 10,000 new cases are diagnosed in the United States each year. A defining feature of the mesenchymal subset is mutations and/or deletions in the gene encoding neurofibromin 1 , suggesting that this subtype may be uniquely amenable to agents that target pathways driven by NF1 loss . RAS GTP/GDP cycling is positively regulated by GTP exchange factors , which promote the exchange of GDP for GTP and negatively regulated by GTPase activating proteins , such as NF1, that promote the hydrolysis of GTP to GDP.
Obesity is now regarded as an epidemic on a worldwide scale, a consequence of nutritional and genetic factors . High fat diets are major factors that promote the development of obesity, which results in disorders including cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes mellitus and immune dysfunction with increased susceptibility to infection . It is known that high fat diets, enriched with SFA, can impair immune responses by affecting inflammatory pathways through the adipokine, cytokine and chemokine networks .
There is a natural propensity for attention to be captured by threatening stimuli; however, individuals differ in the extent to which they selectively attend to threat cues in social environments. For instance, anxious individuals have greater attentional bias for threat signals than nonanxious individuals, particularly for signals of threat conveyed through facial expressions . Therefore, a better understanding of the link between attentional bias for threat and anxiety, particularly in relation to individual differences in threat bias sensitivity, may have relevance to the development of anxious psychopathology .
Mercury  in the environment is an increasing health concern. The levels of inorganic mercury  are elevated in the cerebellum of Alzheimer's disease patients . Inorganic mercury binds to various molecular weights of thiol containing proteins   with high binding ability .
Balanced facial growth is essential for a symmetric, well proportioned face and normal occlusion. Such records may provide invaluable dento facial phenotypic information for genetic studies of malocclusion etiology and facial variation . Studies using 2D soft tissue images have reported genetic associations between upper facial height and the gene ENPP1  and between the cephalic index and the gene FGFR1 .
Speech consists of rapidly changing elements that require fine grained neural representation of temporal information, especially in background noise. Temporal cues are important components of auditory object formation , a necessary element of auditory stream segregation. Early stages of auditory stream segregation occur subcortically , and timing cues needed for speech perception and auditory stream segregation are preserved in the brainstem via neural synchrony .
Uveal melanoma is the most common intra ocular malignancy. Although there are effective treatments for primary tumors in the eye, 50% of patients who develop large primary tumors develop metastatic disease and die within 615 months of diagnosis . Because there are no effective therapies for metastatic disease, we are exploring cell based vaccines as a therapeutic option.
Over the past two decades, the development of functional magnetic resonance imaging  technology has generated near exponential growth in neuroimaging research and its clinical applications . In classic block designs, the duration of each regressor in the regression model matches the duration of the stimulus block. In 95% of event related studies containing a decision process , the duration of the decision period is assumed to be constant and is typically modeled by the convolution of a constant height, finite impulse function  positioned at event onset with a canonical hemodynamic response function  .
Hypophysiotropic thyrotropin releasing hormone  synthesizing neurons located in the medial and periventricular parvocellular subdivisions of the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus  control the hypothalamic pituitary thyroid  axis. These neurons integrate a variety of humoral and neuronal signals and mediate the effects of these inputs toward the pituitary gland. One of the major regulatory mechanisms over hypophysiotropic TRH neurons is the negative feedback effect of thyroid hormones which maintains euthyroid levels of thyroid hormone in the circulating blood.
Despite a proliferation of research on the experiences of same sex attracted or lesbian, gay, and bisexual  youth, contextual influences on these youths’ development are not fully understood . Yet we know relatively little about the prejudices that may affect these youths’ experiences, because most studies of attitudes toward lesbian and gay people have been conducted with adults. Attitudes toward homosexuality among adults have been found to vary significantly across national populations .
The serum level of CA 125 is well established as a highly useful surrogate for monitoring the response to treatment and confirming relapse in women with epithelial ovarian cancer . However, the literature has focused on the more common ovarian cancer histologies, particularly the serous subtype  . The prognostic value of CA 125 for clear cell or mucinous ovarian cancers is less certain.
Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecological malignancy in the United States, with approximately 46,000 newly diagnosed cases and 8,100 related deaths in 2012 . The strongest prognostic factor for endometrial cancer is stage at diagnosis. Endometrioid adenocarcinoma, the numerically predominant histological tumor type, typically presents with stage 1 disease, which is an important factor in the overall favorable outcomes for these tumors .
Interoception is the sense of the internal physiological and sensory status of the organism . Many conceptualizations of emotion  posit a connection between subjective experience and body state, suggesting that interoception is related fundamentally to emotion. A network of structures, which includes, but is not limited to, the dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex  and insula is involved in emotion processing and may show altered activation in PTSD .
Human brain maturation is a complex process that can now be examined in detail using in vivo neuroimaging techniques . Early neuroimaging investigations focused on region, lobe or total brain volumes . However, brain maturation starts well before birth and occurs as a unified process with inter regional interactions and dependencies.
The nitrite anion  is biologically important, for example in denitrifying bacteria where it forms from nitrate  reduction catalyzed by a molybdoenzyme. In fact, this supposedly inert anion can be and is recycled in vivo to generate nitric oxide and constitutes a biochemical circulating reservoir for this important signaling molecule, in particular under conditions of physiologic hypoxia and ischemia  . The classical biological source of NO is nitric oxide synthase  oxidation of L arginine .
Skin cancer is the most common form of cancer in the United States, with approximately 1 million new cases per year . Among three major types of skin cancer, melanoma is the most serious form. The most common type of skin cancer is basal cell carcinoma , followed by squamous cell carcinoma .
Infants, children, adults, and many non human animals are able to represent large numbers of objects, sounds, and events in an imprecise fashion, using the Approximate Number System . For example, there is a bilateral activation pattern in the horizontal segment of the intraparietal sulci  during tasks which require recruitment of the semantic representation of quantity , with activation increasing during calculation tasks such as subtraction, approximate addition, or numerical comparison . One likely reason that scaling processes such as multiplication and division appear to rely on distinct verbal numerical regions such as the AG is because of the tendency to provide multiplication problems to subjects in a way that allows or encourages the use of rote learned, exact calculation based on memorized tables .
A considerable body of evidence suggests that painful conditions are often accompanied by alterations in cutaneous sensory perception. Nathan reported that localized pain due to peripheral or central lesions can impair the perception of tactile stimuli within the painful region ; similarly, provoking pain in patients with pathological pain  increases tactile detection thresholds in the area of pain referral . In some clinical conditions, widespread impairment of tactile sensitivity has been documented.
Acute compartment syndrome  is a condition which occurs when increased intramuscular pressure  within a closed fascial space impairs vascular perfusion to a point below the level necessary for muscle and nerve viability. Various criteria are used for diagnosis of ACS, including an absolute IMP level higher than normal  with clinical symptoms , or a tissue perfusion pressure  of less than 3040 mm Hg . While the technique is generally accurate and reproducible, several factors such as pain, infection risk, and disagreement over the appropriate threshold pressure for diagnosis of ACS leaves some clinicians reluctant to perform direct IMP measurements.
Tissue recombination studies and genetic experiments in chick and mice demonstrated an intricate dependence of craniofacial and pharyngeal morphogenesis on signaling between the anterior mesoderm and the neural crest . In the context of the developing cardiovascular system and facial muscles, cranial neural crest plays an essential role in regulating the balance of Fgf and BMP signals sensed by the anterior mesoderm. The development of this vascular tree is incredibly complex and intimately depends on signaling between all germ layers and the neural crest, reviewed by .
The rapidly growing field of metabolomics seeks to describe and understand the different metabolic states of an organism. As an illustration, >55 metabolomic or metabanomic articles have been published in Anal. since 2001, where >45% of these papers use PCA, PLS DA or a comparable statistical tool.
The calcium sensing receptor  is in Family C/3 of the G protein coupled receptor superfamily . Mutations in CaSR cause human diseases of calcium handling. Loss of function mutations increase the EC50 for activation by extracellular Ca2+, causing FHH  and NSHPT  .
Although statins provide 25% to 40% reduction in cardiovascular disease  events, there is considerable residual risk of CVD events with this therapy . Failure of recent trials  to provide evidence of additional clinical benefit by raising HDL C levels in addition to the conventional, statin based strategy, supports a recent meta regression analysis suggesting that simply increasing the amount of circulating HDL C with drugs does not reduce the risk of coronary heart disease events, coronary heart disease deaths, or total deaths . No agent, however, solely increases HDL C. For instance, niacin increases HDL C up to30% but concomitantly reduces LDL C, triglycerides, and lipoprotein, and small, dense LDL .
Children with sickle cell disease  are at markedly increased risk of infection from Streptococcus pneumoniae, which is estimated to be 300 to 600 times higher than the general population, due to functional hyposplenism. Historically, the estimated incidence was six episodes of invasive pneumococcal disease  per 100 patient years with a 25 35% case fatality rate. In the mid 1980's, the polyvalent polysaccharide S. pneumoniae vaccine  and prophylactic penicillin were shown to reduce the risk of IPD and were adopted as standard of care.
The retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein, Rb is a major regulator of multiple cellular processes including cell cycle, differentiation and apoptosis . HR HPVs are the etiological agents of cervical cancer and are associated with a subset of oral and head and neck cancer . Recently, multiple viral oncoprotein proteins including human cytomegalovirus  pp71 protein , the Epstein Barr virus  nuclear antigen ENNA3C , the hepatitis C virus N55B , and the HTLV 1 Tax oncoprotein  were shown to induce proteasomal degradation of Rb.
Dengue virus  is maintained in a primarily anthroponotic cycle between humans and the Aedes aegypti mosquito . aegypti on vertebrate hosts results in the simultaneous introduction of virus and saliva into the skin . In the context of DENV infection, the addition of Ae.
The cricopharyngeus  muscle is comprised of the transverse fibers at the caudal portion of the inferior pharyngeal constrictor and is the primary location of the upper esophageal sphincter . At rest it is tonically contracted and relaxes with deglutition. Aspiration and weight loss ensue in severe cases .
Among coccal green algae, only a few genera show multinucleate  vegetative cells. The occurrence of such stages is likely due to a prolonged cell cycle, where after nuclear division no simultaneous sporogenesis takes place. Coenocytic coccal green algae are mainly isolated from soil and aeroterrestrial habitats, and reports on their development in cultures are sparse .
Hepatocellular carcinoms  is the fifth most prevalent cancer in the world and is the third leading cause of cancer related death with annual death rate exceeding 500,000. Primary hepatocellular carcinoma, the most common primary malignant tumor arising in the liver accounts for >90% of all primary liver cancer. The disease is progressive and death usually occurs within 10 months of initial diagnosis .
Airborne particles below 2.5 μm in diameter, PM2.5, are associated with increased morbidity and mortality. This same size class of particles also influences global climate, through absorption and scattering of light and through effects on the formation, albedo and lifetime of clouds. Gaseous pollutants such as ozone are measured continuously at 1200 sites throughout the country, yet atmospheric particle chemistry data are limited to 24 hour averages once every third or sixth day, with just 380 sites nationwide  .
Malignant Melanoma remains among the most life threatening of all cancers, and its incidence has been rising dramatically in the last decades. Despite great progress in understanding the genetics and biochemistry of malignant melanoma, patients with metastatic disease have very few treatment options available. Each of the steps of the metastatic cascade is rate limiting.
Concurrent cisplatin based chemo radiotherapy constitutes the standard treatment for locally advanced cervical cancer. Moderate to severe toxicity often requires dose reduction of cisplatin, delay in the treatment or discontinuation of therapy. Thus, novel, less toxic and equally effective compounds are highly desirable .
Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder  is commonly diagnosed during childhood, affecting around 8% of school aged children worldwide . Psychostimulant medications are effective for the treatment of ADHD, and methylphenidate  is one of the most prescribed therapeutic agents . Despite its well documented efficacy in the control of ADHD related symptoms , little is known about the long term consequences resulting from early life exposure to MPH  .
Three distinct, yet inter related, stimulatory signals are required for the activation and differentiation of naïve T cells into cytokine producing effector T cells . For example, antigen specificity controlled by T cell receptor  signaling dictates which subset of T cells becomes initially activated , while costimulation signals primarily mediated by CD28 signaling prevent these newly activated T cells from becoming anergic . In this regard, a growing list of specific cytokines that includes IL 6, IL 12, IL 21, type I IFNs, and TGF β have each been demonstrated to provide additional stimulation signals that controls the expansion, survival, and differentiation program of newly activated CD4+ and CD8+ T cells .
Cytotoxic aggregates arising from the misfolding of the 140 residue intrinsically unstructured protein α synuclein  have been implicated in the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease, the second most common neurodegenerative disorder in humans. In a process common to many neurodegenerative diseases, misfolding commences with the formation of small soluble oligomers , which proceed to yield larger protofibrils and eventually form insoluble cross β sheet fibrils. , An unstructured to structured transition also underlies the most tangible physiological function of aS; namely, its ability to bind synaptic vesicles in α helical conformation.
Intravesical administration of zymosan in adult rats leads to a time dependent increase in urinary bladder inflammation  and a significant enhancement of abdominal muscle electromyographic  and arterial blood pressure  responses to urinary bladder distension  when compared to controls . This inflammation induced bladder hypersensitivity is being suppressed by endogenous opioids because either intraperitoneal  or intrathecal  administration of naloxone at the time of UBD testing significantly increases the magnitude of EMG responses when compared to controls . The opioid inhibitory effect may be under descending control of the RVM since electrical stimulation of the RVM inhibits the VMR to UBD and is partially mediated by spinal opioids.
Previous cross sectional research has indicated that larger discrepancies between measured and self identified good weight  have been associated with greater dieting frequency, increased snacking, yo yo dieting, physical inactivity, tobacco use, and alcohol consumption . Individuals with chronically larger weight discrepancies had three times greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes compared to individuals with smaller weight discrepancies . Although this concept of weight discrepancy has not been validated against measures of weight dissatisfaction, similarities do exist.
Although the human genome is thirty times larger than that of Caenorhabditis elegans, each species is endowed with a similar number of protein coding genes, a fact seemingly in support of an abundance of “junk DNA” within our genome. Two major discoveries over the last ten years challenge this decades old concept. Second, the combined efforts of the ENCyclopedia Of DNA Elements  Consortium and many other labs have revealed the existence of millions of codes that punctuate the human genome, most notably codes for transcription factor binding.
During a systematic search for peptides recognized by CD8+T lymphocytes and encoded by alternative positive strand open reading frames  of the influenza A virus  strain A/PR/8/34  , Chen et al. reported the existence of a novel 87 aa protein representing the eleventh defined IAV gene product. Without exception, human H1 isolates from 1918 to 1988 encode full length PB1 F2. Isolates from 1988 to 1998 encode an ORF either for full length or for C terminally truncated PB1 F2.
Intraocular inflammatory disease or uveitis is a major cause of visual handicap in the United States, causing an estimated >100, 000 new cases of ocular morbidity per year and 10% of the new cases of legal blindness . It has been generally accepted that non infectious uveitis is an autoimmune disorder predominantly mediated by T helper cells . Earlier studies on humans as well as in animal models demonstrated that Th1 mediated autoimmune responses play a pivotal role in this disease .
Chronic kidney disease  is associated with an increased risk of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and intrauterine growth retardation . Data regarding the impact of reduced glomerular filtration rate  on pregnancy in women with a single kidney has primarily come from studies in kidney transplant recipients . In regard to kidney donors, two small series suggested that pregnancy after kidney donation was not associated with an increased risk of adverse fetal or maternal outcomes .
The structure of amyloid fibrils is of considerable interest because of the many debilitating diseases that are associated with amyloid formation. Accordingly, a wide range of techniques has been used to investigate these structures, including X ray diffraction, electron microscopy, and magic angle spinning  NMR spectroscopy . However, such a model represents only an educated guess about the structure of the monomers that assemble to form an amyloid protofibril .
T1 weighted dynamic contrast enhanced  MRI has in recent years been widely utilized in studies of many different types of cancer , frequently for purposes of diagnosis  and assessment of the effectiveness of antiangiogenic therapies . The results from the first two approaches depend on DCE MRI pulse sequence parameters, contrast agent dose and injection rate, magnetic field strength, and vendor platform, etc . These data acquisition details vary greatly between institutions, thus limiting DCE MRI study reproducibility and comparability between different imaging sites.
There have been multiple studies in the last decade linking mental health to neighborhood factors . Neighborhood social factors are measured in multiple ways. Another common approach is to measure individuals own perceptions of their surrounding social environment.
Several studies have reported that live cultured cancer cells exposed to anticancer drugs or to anti Fas antibodies undergoing apoptosis and cells at certain stages of proliferation and cell cycle show an increase in the proton nuclear magnetic resonance  signal corresponding to the so called mobile lipids  represented mostly by triacylglycerides. ML apparently come from intracellular lipid bodies or membrane microdomains during the ongoing metabolic changes associated with programmed cell death, . Specifically, it may provide a more convenient assay for apoptosis than conventional biochemical techniques , and provide a better understanding of the mechanism involved in the activity of the drugs, since this methodology can be used to differentiate apoptosis from cell necrosis .
Port wine stains  are primarily venous micro vascular malformations of the skin that commonly occur on the face. Skin lesion depth ranges from 1 to 5 mm  . PWS may be treated effectively with a variety of vascular selective lasers.
Anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction that is rapid in onset and may cause death. Epinephrine is the drug of choice for the treatment of anaphylaxis. Allergic reactions to foods affect up to 6% of children, and food allergy is the most common cause of anaphylaxis in children .
The circadian timing system governs daily  rhythmic processes via information that stems from a molecular mechanism which is classically modeled as a cell autonomous oscillator. That model features transcriptional and post transcriptional elements forming interlocked loops . Loss of PDF does not perturb the cellular clock but changes its phase and or reduces its strength  .
The Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical  classification system is a drugclassification system developed by the World health Organization  Collaborating Centrefor Drug Statistics Methodology in Norway. Traditional uses of ATC have included pharmacoepidemiologic studies. For example,ATC has supported the analysis of prescription drug costs  and use of drugs in various populations .
Venous thromboembolism  occurs disproportionately among older adults . The reasons likely involve increases in both intrinsic blood coagulation potential that occur with age and presence of acquired co morbid conditions that predispose to thrombosis, such as obesity, surgery, cancer, and immobility . Family studies suggest the existence of genes that jointly influence thrombosis susceptibility and plasma coagulation and fibrinolytic factor levels .
In 2006, The University of Texas, M D Anderson Cancer Center started treating patients at the newly built Proton Therapy Center in Houston  . The facility utilizes three identical passive scattering nozzles. Two are mounted on rotational gantries, and the other one is mounted in a fixed horizontal orientation.
In the adult brain, active neurogenesis occurs constitutively in two defined regions: the subgranular zone of the hippocampus and the subventricular zone  lining the lateral ventricles . Neural stem/progenitor cells  within these neurogenic regions can self renew, proliferate, and differentiate into neurons or glia, that allows them to generate a reservoir of neurons, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes as back up in times of normal cell turnover or brain injury  . Recent findings have revealed that uncontrolled, chronic brain inflammation is an underlying driving force to intensifying the rapid deterioration of the central nervous system in neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer’s disease , HIV 1 Associated dementia , multiple sclerosis, and Parkinson’s disease  .
Young infants vary in their patterns of responsiveness to unfamiliar events. Some of this variation has an origin in one or more temperamental biases. Those who show very low levels of motor activity and distress at four months  are biased to become sociable and bold and are called uninhibited  .
Impotence, or erectile dysfunction , is a major complication of type II diabetes, and many diabetic men with ED are refractory to common ED therapies . Twenty two 10 week old male fatty type II diabetic ZDF rats underwent weight and blood glucose measurement every 2 weeks. At age 22 weeks, all animals underwent unilateral CN electrostimulation and ICP measurement to confirm impotence, and paragonadal adipose tissue  was harvested and digested to yield 1.5 million ADSC.
Surgical autogenous arteriovenous access  is the preferred method of access for hemodialysis, with improved patient survival, fewer infectious complications, longer patency and reduced costs relative to arteriovenous bridge grafts and catheters). However, creation of the AVF carries a frustratingly high failure to mature rate. Approximately 60% of AVFs do not mature to the point of usability for dialysis, resulting in further procedures and interventions for patients.
Musculoskeletal disorders  are a leading work related health issue among construction workers, but determining the true burden of morbidity associated with work activities is difficult within current surveillance and medical insurance systems. There is growing evidence that work related injuries and illnesses are under reported due to both employer and employee factors; studies have shown cost shifting of work related claims to private or public health insurance programs. Shifting of claims from work related coverage to other sources places the burden of disease on workers and their families and shifts attention to managing the disease rather than focusing prevention efforts on work related causes .
What is the relationship between color categories and color discrimination? Is discrimination better across a category boundary  than it is within a category? using a series of blue stimuli, have shown that native Russian speakers respond more rapidly when the discriminanda lie on opposite sides of the boundary between goluboy and signyi.
The heart and gut are electromechanical organs both designed to move content efficiently and effectively. Disruption of this process results in disease. Chronic intestinal pseudo obstruction  can be viewed as an insufficiency of the “intestinal pump” similarly to chronic heart failure.
Under solution conditions where protein stability appears to be optimized to minimize protein aggregation in bulk solution, aggregates and particles can form. Recently, the potential for silicone oil to induce aggregation and particle formation has been of great concern in the industry because of efforts to develop therapeutic protein products in prefilled syringes. Silicone oil is applied to cartridges and barrels of plastic and glass syringes to facilitate smooth and easy movement of plungers within the barrels.
Adolescence is a time of physical, educational, social, and psychological change . Ultimately, those who effectively develop their identity demonstrate commitment to societal standards and those who do not are likely to reject mainstream values and beliefs, potentially leading to destructive behaviors or negative affiliations. Recent research on adolescent identity development has linked a coherent sense of oneself and one's place in the world with school attendance, graduation, and academic achievement, particularly for youth who are members of non dominant racial/ethnic groups  .
Vector control remains the most effective method in combating the spread of the mosquito Aedes aegypti, the primary vector of dengue virus. About 50 to 100 million cases of dengue fever occur each year, resulting in more than 20,000 deaths . A clearer understanding of factors influencing mosquito presence and production and how environmental conditions encountered by immature mosquitoes in water storage drums impact potential disease transmission should lead to more effective control strategies .
Coinfections with different pathogens  affect about one third of the human population . In some cases, chronic viral infections are beneficial to host immune responses to bacterial and viral coinfections . Thus, one mechanism by which pathogens may suppress immunity to heterologous infections is through impaired recruitment and activation of naïve T cells during a coinfection  .
Apical support for the uterus and upper vagina is provided by the cardinal  and uterosacral  ligaments . These ligaments are critical in pelvic organ prolapse  as, in addition to apical prolapse, they are strongly related to anterior vaginal wall descent ; the most common form of POP being present in 8387 % cases . Importantly, the anterior vaginal wall is the site of failure in 72 % of recurrences .
Serrated polyps of the colorectum are comprised of hyperplastic polyps , sessile serrated adenomas , and traditional serrated adenomas  . HPs are characterized by an average size <0.5 cm, a predominantly left sided location, and the lack of neoplastic potential. Unlike HPs, SSAs are notable for irregularly shaped crypts that widen towards the muscularis mucosae in association with basilar crypt branching, papillary formations, and an irregularly distributed proliferation zone .
Advances in the clinical care of children with sickle cell anemia , such as earlier diagnosis, penicillin prophylaxis, folate supplementation and hydroxyurea therapy have reduced morbidity and mortality related to this disease . Suboptimal growth, however, remains a significant clinical problem. Compared to their healthy peers, studies suggest that children with SCA are smaller and have delayed pubertal development.
Statistics is an essential training component for a career in clinical and translational science . Given the increasing complexity of statistics, learners may have difficulty selecting appropriate courses. Our question was: what depth of statistical knowledge do different CTS learners require?
Although the extracellular matrix  was classically viewed as an inert scaffold onto which cells are organized into organs and tissues, studies in recent decades have established the ECM as dynamic structures that can profoundly influence diverse aspects of cellular behavior and function . Fragments of these and other ECM proteins, generated as products of elevated levels of matrix degradative enzymes, have been shown to induce chemotaxis for inflammatory cells, enhance phagocytic functions, stimulate immune responses, and induce gene expression changes . Induced expression of matricellular proteins, a group of matrix associated signaling proteins that play diverse regulatory roles, also contribute to dynamic changes in the ECM at sites of inflammation and injury repair .
High level of co morbidity among urinary and gastrointestinal disorders suggests an existence of pathways connecting and concurrently coordinating the function of several pelvic organs. Functional pelvic disorders are distinguished by chronic pelvic pain of unknown etiology and may develop as a result of cross sensitization in the pelvis . Our previous studies have demonstrated an association between inflammation in the pelvis, hyperexcitability of extrinsic sensory neurons and development of pelvic organ cross sensitization .
In the adult vertebrate, particular neural populations are continually replaced throughout adulthood whereas other neuron types presumably persist more or less for the lifespan of the organism . In some brain regions, the number of incoming neurons compensates for the number of "replaceable" neurons that die . Regulatory mechanisms underlying neuronal incorporation are not well understood, although evidence increasingly suggests that functional activity of the circuitry that incorporates new neurons may contribute to the survival of young incoming neurons.
Inflammatory bowel disease  is a term describing two complex diseases: Crohn’s disease  and ulcerative colitis . IBD primarily affects people living in industrialized countries. A recent epidemiological survey of IBD in the US reports prevalence rates of 201 per 100000 and 238 per 100000 for CD and UC, respectively .
Although the outcome of traumatic brain injury  is clearly influenced by sex , the mechanisms involved are poorly understood. It is known that the functions of gonadal steroids, such as progesterone, extend well beyond reproduction , playing roles, for instance, in recovery after injury. Cycling females typically show less cerebral edema than males and pseudo pregnancy in females gives even greater protection .
Chlorine is a reactive gas used in a variety of industrial processes, including the production of plastics, solvents, paper products, and purified drinking water. Chlorine is considered a chemical threat because of the large amounts that are produced and transported in the U.S., its ease of acquisition, and its acute toxicity . Chlorine is highly toxic by inhalation, and toxic exposures to humans have occurred from both accidental and intentional releases of chlorine.
Obesity is associated with increased incidence of cardiovascular disease, notably including hypertension . In addressing issues related to regulation of arterial BP and heart rate , we have found that challenging an animal using a sudden, carefully controlled classical aversive  conditioning paradigm yields considerable insight into autonomic nervous function . We have previously described the hemodynamic response to a sudden onset behavioral challenge for Sprague Dawley rat .
Dantrolene is a direct acting skeletal muscle relaxant that exerts its effects by dissociating excitation contraction coupling in muscle via inhibition of the release of calcium from intracellular storage sites within the sarcoplasmic reticulum. The ryanodine receptor  is the important dantrolene binding site within skeletal muscle and serves as the major intracellular calcium release channel  . In dogs, dantrolene is also excreted through the urinary and biliary systems, primarily as 5 hydroxydantrolene  .
The yellow oleander tree  is common through much of the tropics and subtropics. Poisonings are reported widely, but it is only in South Asia that ingestion of oleander seeds has become a popular means of self harm. Many cardenolides have been identified in yellow oleander, predominantly thevetin A and B, but also peruvoside, neriifolin, thevetoxin, ruvoside, and theveridoside.
The importance of thermoregulation in the testis is illustrated by the fact that slight increases in temperature can disrupt spermatogenesis and ultimately cause problems with fertility . In addition, the temperature within the testis is regulated by a countercurrent heat exchange system between the pampiniform plexus and the testicular artery. Thus, there is a possibility of the testis becoming hypoxic .
Non invasive imaging methods such as MR angiography , CT angiography  and Doppler ultrasound  are used to assess renal vascular health in order to guide clinical judgements regarding management of people with kidney disease. However, these measures are only useful for the assessment of large arteries and are insensitive to alterations in vascular perfusion at the microvascular level . Ultrasound contrast agents are composed of high molecular weight gases encapsulated in an albumin, polymer or lipid shell.
It has been estimated that nearly 5.3 million incidents of intimate partner violence  occur every year in the United States to women ages 18 and older resulting in nearly 2 million injuries and 1,300 deaths . IPV has been linked with both immediate and long term health, social, and economic consequences. Research has also identified that women experiencing IPV are more likely to be unemployed, and receiving public assistance  .
The V regions of actively transcribed Ig genes undergo physiologically induced and regulated sequence diversification, which expands and modulates the repertoire for antigen recognition and provides a dynamic response to infection by pathogenic microorganisms . Gene conversion is the primary source of diversity in the pre immune antibody repertoire of chicken and other fowl. Somatic hypermutation occurs in antigen activated human and murine B cells and also diversifies the pre immune repertoire in other species, such as sheep  .
Intrinsic apoptotic pathways that respond to cytotoxic stress, including DNA damage, activate a hierarchical series of caspases that disassemble cells without inciting inflammation in bystanding cells. Permeabilization of mitochondria is seminal to the regulation of cell death induced by cytotoxic or genotoxic stress . Among the most important proteins released from mitochondria is cytochrome c. One established paradigm, supported by abundant evidence, holds that cytochrome c exits through a permeability transition pore composed of the outer mitochondrial membrane protein VDAC1 , the inner mitochondrial membrane protein ANT , and the inner membrane associated protein cyclophylin D .
Dendritic macromolecules encompass several subclasses of molecular compounds. One strong demand arising from the biomedical field is the availability of Janus type dendritic structures that can assume two, or even more, different tasks such as targeting a particular site, transporting at this site a medicinally active drug and imaging it with a diagnostic label. have assembled two dendritic polylysines, one functionalized with a label and the other with peptides, whereas Lukin et al. combined divergent and convergent approaches to prepare Janus type sulfonamides dendrimers.
Central sensitization is a fundamental mechanism underlying the increased excitability of nociceptive pathways following peripheral tissue injury and inflammation and is reflected in increases in nociceptive neuronal spontaneous activity, mechanoreceptive field  size, and responses to noxious mechanical stimuli and in decreases in mechanical activation threshold . The brainstem trigeminal subnucleus caudalis has many morphological and functional similarities with the spinal dorsal horn and indeed is nowadays often termed the medullary dorsal horn , and previous findings have documented that central sensitization can be induced in MDH nociceptive neurons by application to the tooth pulp of the inflammatory irritant and small fibre excitant mustard oil  . In this acute dental inflammation model, we also documented that glutamatergic and purinergic mechanisms and non neuronal cells  in MDH are involved in this central sensitization  .
Hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy  is a syndrome of disturbed neurologic function that occurs secondary to decreased blood oxygenation or diminished brain perfusion as a result of an asphyxic event in the perinatal period. The delayed phase is associated with encephalopathy and increased seizure activity; thus, an opportunity to modify disease progression exists between the time of resuscitation of the asphyxiated newborn and the second phase of neuronal injury. Therapeutic hypothermia is the current standard intervention for neonates with HIE.
For many decades, the central tenet of radiation biology was that the biological effects of ionizing radiation occur only in cells that are directly hit by radiation. While these effects were mainly observed after exposure to high linear energy transfer  radiations, they were also observed after low LET radiation exposures . Elucidation of these events may affect both radiation protection and radiation therapy of cancer  .
Cortical inhibitory interaction at the columnar level has functional significance in many basic brain functions including general principles of cortical circuitry and local neural processing, and particular mechanism and architecture underlying the processing of complex sensory input . For instance, combining optical imaging and electrophysiological techniques has revealed that long range horizontal connections in primary visual cortex  modulate both excitatory and inhibitory synaptic interactions between iso orientation columns  and that these horizontal connections are widely assumed to be present to support contour integration . The short range inhibition between neighboring columns with different orientation preferences, on the other hand, is engaged in providing contextual information about the visual scene  or may be closely related to cross orientation inhibition  and sharpening the orientation column tuning response .
Traumatic brain injury  is characterized by physical brain injury as a result of acceleration deceleration, resulting frequently from impact with an immobile object that often leads to cognitive deficits and impairment of behavior. U.S. soldiers exposed to blast wave pressure and combat experiences without any physical brain injury during Middle east wars are commonly diagnosed with mild TBI and post traumatic stress disorder . Mild TBI is the most frequent form of trauma among deployed military populations .
Exposure of the ovarian surface epithelium to elevated gonadotropin levels has been proposed to play a deleterious role in ovarian carcinogenesis. This view is based on the concept that post ovulatory inclusion cysts formed from invagination of the ovarian surface epithelium  are exposed to excessive sub stromal stimulation by gonadotropins and estrogen in the pre menopausal period, resulting in increased cellular proliferation with eventual progression to malignant transformation. The hypothesis is largely based on observations in animal models in which various means of increased production of gonadotropins  was associated with ovarian tumor development.
The amount of myocardial perfusion required for successful defibrillation after prolonged cardiac arrest is not known. Coronary perfusion pressure  is a surrogate for myocardial perfusion. One limited clinical study reported that a threshold of 15 mmHg was necessary for return of spontaneous circulation , and that CPP was predictive of ROSC.
Obesity now affects approximately one third of Americans and is associated with many comorbidities, including an increased risk of death from cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer. The rapid increase in obesity and its sequelae is a worldwide phenomenon. Although current non surgical treatments of obesity remain inadequate, it is generally accepted that weight loss can be achieved through caloric restriction and enhanced physical activity.
When will computers beat humans in protein structure prediction? Or are there still any human insights that cannot be reproduced in automated approaches? During the CASP experiments, several groups  demonstrated that the interventions by human experts, who made use of biochemical information , can indeed help with template recognition, structural assembly, and final model selection.
Impaired social interaction is one of the three core symptoms of the Autism Spectrum Disorders  . This impairment has been attributed to a dysfunction of the human mirror neuron system , which is thought to play a central role in our ability to perceive the intentions and goals of others . Accurate perception and interpretation of an observed movement requires the ability to distinguish it from other movements by representing it with a unique neural response.
Ceruloplasmin  is a 151 kDa glycoprotein that is predominantly synthesized in the liver . Ceruloplasmin transports over 95% of the body’s copper, an essential cofactor for cytochromes and enzymes. Over the past decades, Cp became increasingly recognized as a multi functional metalloprotein besides maintaining copper homeostasis.
Glioblastoma multiforme or GBM is the most common form of human primary malignant brain tumors . Understanding molecular mechanisms underpinning the highly invasive properties of GBM has significant basic and clinical implications . It was found that Akt is activated in a great majority  of the GBM cases , and along with inactivation of p53 and Rb pathways represents one of the three major molecular mechanisms of gliomagenesis.
Mild cognitive impairment , considered to be the earliest detectable form of Alzheimer’s disease , converts to AD at the annual rate of 1015% . Post translational modification of brain proteins, specifically nitration, is reported in both MCI and late stage AD . Protein nitration is an important oxidative modification in neurodegenerative disease .
Formaldehyde and goods containing this chemical reportedly account for more than 5% of the yearly US Gross National Product , which is about $500 billion. A significantly greater number of people are exposed to lower levels of formaldehyde in the environment, as it is generated by automobile engines , is present in tobacco smoke, and is released from various household products such as plywood, particleboard, furniture and carpeting  . Recently, the International Agency for Research on Cancer  classified formaldehyde as a known human carcinogen  based on “sufficient epidemiological evidence that formaldehyde causes nasopharyngeal cancer in humans” .
Leptin is an adipocyte derived hormone which controls feeding behavior through specific receptors within the hypothalamus . Additionally, leptin has important physiological roles in the control of fat storage or mobilization, the reproductive system, the immune system, bone homeostasis, antioxidant defense , insulin sensitivity , and neuronal activity and/or protection . Direct injection of leptin into the hippocampus of rodents can improve memory processing and modulate long term potentiation and synaptic plasticity  .
Health care associated infections  represent 5% of all adverse events in hospitalized patients in the US. Approximately one third of HAI related deaths are attributable to bloodstream infections , the majority of which are central line associated bloodstream infections . CLABSIs result in increased mortality, morbidity, hospital length of stay and cost.
Cytochrome P450  comprises a superfamily of enzymes and plays an important role in the oxidative metabolism of a large number of endogenous and exogenous compounds . CYP3A4 is the most abundant P450 enzyme in human livers and is involved in metabolism of > 50% of marketed drugs . Low drug clearances mediated by impaired CYP3A4 would invoke unexpected side effects or drug interactions with co administered food or medicines.
CD8+ T cells are an important component of the immune response to both intracellular pathogens and tumors due to their ability to recognize and eliminate individual cells expressing the target antigen. The magnitude of the CD8+ T cell response has been correlated with control of acute infections  and tumor progression  as well as the level of memory T cells that remain in the host following immunization or infection . In the case of tumor antigens, several reports indicate that direct presentation by tumor cells localized to the lymphoid organs can induce T cell activation directly .
Adverse remodeling of the left ventricle  following myocardial infarction  is a significant cause of congestive heart failure. While short term post MI survival has dramatically improved over the past decades, there remains a need to develop therapeutic strategies to limit or prevent the progression to heart failure. The extracellular matrix  is a key regulator of LV remodeling, and the matrix metalloproteinases  are a key family of proteases that modulate the ECM response.
Mexicans are the largest group of immigrants in the U.S. They encounter problems with accessing health care services due to a lack of health insurance and accessible providers, language and cultural barriers, immigration status, and inadequate information . A review of studies on migration for health care across the three NAFTA countries  found that U.S. residents seek health care, dental care and pharmaceuticals in Mexico primarily because those services cost less in Mexico than in the U.S.  California Health Interview Survey 2001 data were analyzed for medical care, dental care, and/or prescription drug purchases in Mexico in the previous year.
The availability of multiple drugs specific for HER 2  has revolutionized the treatment of HER 2+ metastatic breast cancer  . However, not all patients benefit and survival gains could be further enhanced. Innovative therapies that complement and synergize with these drugs are urgently needed to improve disease outcomes .
Hormonal end products of the HypothalamicPituitaryAdrenal  and HypothalamicPituitaryGonadal  axes share many of the same properties, including similar  circadian rhythm profiles characterized by a general decline across the daytime hours . Furthermore, these two axes are highly interactive, with empirical evidence in adults and animal studies indicating that increased activity in one axis suppresses activity in the other axis . The field has begun to acknowledge the benefits of examining multi system interactions given that various systems within the body work in concert, not in isolation .
Research over the past 20 years has shown that methadone maintenance reduces opioid use and is an effective HIV risk reduction intervention ,,,,,,,. Further, significantly lower rates of opioid use have been observed when patients with regular methadone program attendance are compared to those with poor attendance , and when patients receiving minimal ancillary services are compared to those receiving more intensive services ,  . Consistent with these reductions in opioid use, methadone maintenance markedly reduces opioid injection and needle sharing.
We recently reported that high levels of multiple sex and growth hormones were associated with increased postmenopausal breast cancer risk. Limited research has explored the relationship between reproductive, anthropometric, and lifestyle factors and levels of multiple hormones simultaneously . This cross sectional analysis included 738 postmenopausal Nurses' Health Study participants who were controls in a breast cancer nested case control study and had measured levels of estrone, estradiol, estrone sulfate, testosterone, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, prolactin and sex hormone binding globulin .
The PAQR family of proteins is composed of integral membrane receptors for a diverse array of agonist ligands . There are 11 human PAQRs that can be grouped into three main classes based onsequence comparisons . Class I  includes two receptors—AdipoR1/PAQR1 and AdipoR2/PAQR2—for the adipose derived hormone, adiponectin .
Since its designation as a cytokine by Kim and colleagues in 2005 , considerable progress has been made with elucidating the properties of the unusual cytokine IL 32. Structurally, IL 32 does not share similarities with known cytokine families . A receptor for IL 32 is currently unknown, although ligand affinity column assays have shown that IL 32 can bind to neutrophil proteinase 3 , and that subsequent processing alters the biological activity of IL 32α and IL 32γ  .
The inner mitochondrial membrane uncoupling proteins  are suggested to regulate the proton gradient over the inner mitochondrial membrane, thereby regulating mitochondrial ATP production and/or mitochondrial reactive oxygen species production . Despite its homology to the well characterized brown adipose tissue specific UCP1, the exact mechanism and physiological function for the skeletal and cardiac muscle variant UCP3 have not been revealed. UCP3 is mainly expressed in skeletal and cardiac muscle.
Heart failure  is a serious and costly cardiovascular disorder, but its natural history can be modified by appropriate, sustained drug therapy. Lifelong adherence to prescribed medications is an important determinant of optimal health outcomes. A significant portion of the healthcare advice and prescriptions dispensed at HF medical encounters was not fully implemented due to nonadherence.
Cervical cancer disparities persist in the predominantly Hispanic population in South Texas. Cervical cancer incidence is higher among women in South Texas compared to women in the rest of Texas , and both are higher than the incidence nationwide  . The vaccine currently is recommended for girls/boys and young women/men aged 1126 .
Protein kinase B or Akt, is a serine/threonine kinase, which in mammals comprises three highly homologous members known as PKB alpha , PKB beta  and PKB gamma   . Forced membrane localization of Akt through its myristoylation/palmitylation is sufficient for maximal phosphorylation of key aminoacids and in turn for its full activation. The activity of this plasma membrane targeted Akt chimera  is 60 fold higher compared with the unstimulated wild type enzyme  and it is widely utilized in studying the effects of Akt in several signal transduction pathways  .
Chlamydia trachomatis is an obligate intracellular bacterial pathogen and the etiologic agent of blinding trachoma, the world’s leading cause of infectious blindness. Despite its benefits, there is debate on its overall effectiveness and sustainability . An alternative strategy for trachoma control is vaccination .
In breast cancer, mortality results not from tumor growth per se, but from the tumor invading through normal tissue boundaries and metastasizing to distant sites. EMT provides a pathway by which cancerous layers of epithelial cells  can dissociate and become motile, leading to invasion through the basement membrane into blood vessels or lymphatics, and metastatic spread. As such, targeting EMT represents an important new therapeutic strategy for the prevention or treatment of breast cancer .
Older persons who refuse assistance to address problems in performing instrumental activities of daily living , as in cases of self neglect, present clinicians with ethical and clinical challenges. In these situations, clinicians need to assess the person’s capacity to make a decision. This assessment may have substantial clinical implications that may include partial or complete conservatorship or guardianship .
Cardiovascular diseases are among the most significant health problems in the United States today, with hypertension affecting African Americans  disproportionately. Blood pressure  and hypertension have been challenging phenotypes for gene discovery due to their complex nature. Although genome wide association studies  have successfully identified thousands of loci affecting human complex diseases, these identified loci only explain small proportions of heritability.
The alcohol deprivation effect  is defined as a temporary increase in the voluntary intake of ethanol solutions and the ratio of ethanol/total fluid intake over baseline drinking conditions, when ethanol is returned following a period of alcohol deprivation . Repeated experience of alcohol withdrawal has been postulated to increase the vulnerability and susceptibility of future withdrawal episodes . Therefore, it is possible that the neurobiological adaptations associated with repeated periods of alcohol exposure and abstinence may increase the hyperexcitability of the central nervous system , and enhance both the withdrawal and stimulating effects of ethanol  .
Integration into the host chromosome of the double stranded DNA product of reverse transcription is an essential step in the life cycle of human immunodeficiency virus type 1  . This process is facilitated by integrase , a 32 kDa virally encoded enzyme. Following reverse transcription, HIV 1 IN, along with other viral and cellular proteins, binds to specific sequences in the long terminal repeats  of the viral cDNA to form the pre integration complex.
Melanoma is the sixth most common cancer, and the malignancy with the highest rise in incidence over the past decades, with an estimated 62,480 new cases and 8,420 deaths in the United States in 2008 . The increase in mortality from melanoma is believed to be partially due to an increase in incidence, but also due to the limited efficacy of current treatment regimens for unresectable melanoma, which induce responses in a mere 1020% of patients. The mutations typically involve a substitution of glutamate to a valine at position 600  .
Alveolar Soft Part Sarcoma  is an extremely rare soft tissue sarcoma affecting primarily young children and adolescents . This slow growing neoplasm is believed resistant to existing chemotherapeutic agents and radiation, limiting treatment primarily to surgical resection of the tumor. ASPS exhibits a unique histopathology which is the basis for clinical diagnosis.
Trypanosoma cruzi is the etiologic agent of Chagas disease, a major cause of heart disease in endemic areas of Latin America. Acute T. cruzi infection is accompanied by an intense inflammatory reaction in many tissues including the heart. The synthesis of NO is mediated by nitric oxide synthase .
Blood vessel formation is a dynamic and complex process that serves a vital role in both health and disease. A host of reports have implied that endothelial cells and mural cells are closely associated, and the interactions between them are required for the regulation of vessel formation, stabilization, remodeling and function in vivo and in vitro. Endothelial cell secreted PDGF B is known to be necessary for the recruitment of pericytes to newly formed vessels through PDGFR β.  Notch3 /  mice were a generous gift from Dr. Tom Gridley.
Standardization of visual acuity measurement is essential for accurate monitoring of the response to treatment in individual patients and in clinical trials. By consensus of experts, the Early Treatment for Diabetic Retinopathy  logMAR charts have become the gold standard for adult visual acuity testing. More recently, a computerized version of ETDRS that uses crowded, isolated letters was developed; the new Electronic ETDRS  has high test retest reliability and good agreement with ETDRS chart in adults and in children aged 712 years.
The role of estrogen and progesterone in the development of epithelial ovarian cancer is poorly understood. Several reproductive hormonal factors , parity, and breastfeeding) are associated with decreased risk of ovarian cancer; while prolonged postmenopausal hormone  use, particularly estrogen only, increases risk . The effect of lifestyle factors, including diet and physical activity are unclear  .
Successful recollection engages a network of brain regions that includes the hippocampus, left posterior parietal cortex, medial prefrontal cortex , parahippocampal cortex, and retrosplenial/posterior cingulate cortex. These regions appear to be engaged regardless of the nature of the study and test materials employed or the type of retrieval test . In a previous study , we evaluated whether recollection related activity in different regions of the network differed in their sensitivity to the duration of an interval over which recollected information was to be maintained.
Temporal cortex lies in a posteroventral portion of the neocortex, and it is heavily involved in auditory and visual processing in most mammals. In squirrels, three distinct divisions of temporal cortex were previously described by . Also, the inner and outer bands of Baillarger are densely myelinated.
Isocyanates , highly reactive chemical compounds essential to polyurethane production, are used to make a variety of foams, adhesives, coatings, and elastomers, and are well known to cause occupational asthma . Although isocyanates remain one of the most commonly reported causes of occupational asthma , the prevalence, incidence, and risk factors for development of isocyanate asthma under current work conditions are not well defined, as there have been few recent epidemiology studies of isocyanate exposed workers, despite the increasing use of polyurethane products in numerous industries . More recent studies have largely been limited to cross sectional studies of end users such as spray painters, rather than factory workers producing polyurethane products .
Cardiac diseases and arrhythmias are common with aging and at least partly linked to increasing cardiac electrophysiological and autonomic dysfunction., Heart rate variability  provides indices related to cardiac electrophysiology and autonomic regulation, including respiratory, baroreflex, and circadian fluctuations, that are indicative of healthier responses. With advancing age, increased HRV can also reflect abnormal  sinus patterns that are associated with increased risk. However, several key issues remain to be addressed in older adults, who are at much higher risk for both abnormal HRV and cardiac events than middle aged populations.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the U.S.  High levels of low density lipoprotein , high blood pressure, and diabetes mellitus are major modifiable risk factors of heart disease. The Hispanic population is the most rapidly growing segment in the U.S., making up 15% of the total population in 2008 with estimated increase to 30% by 2050. Over half  of the Hispanic population in 2007 were of Mexican origin.
Werner Syndrome  is a rare autosomal recessive genetic disease characterized by increased cancer and early onset or increased frequency of specific age related phenotypes, including graying and loss of hair, osteoporosis, and diabetes mellitus type II . Although their precise DNA metabolic roles are still unclear, germ line defects in three of the five human known RecQ helicases are associated with hereditable disease, as defects in WRN, BLM or RECQ4 result in Werner, Bloom or Rothmund Thomson syndrome, respectively. WRN possesses four DNA binding regions: the helicase, RQC, HRDC and exonuclease domains that, together, appear to confer specificity for particular DNA structures .
The adipokine Leptin regulates appetite and food consumption through central nervous system mechanisms, but it is increasingly recognized that leptin also exerts a broad range of actions on peripheral organs, including the cardiovascular system. Increasing evidence indicates that leptin influences cardiac remodeling, although it remains unclear whether the net effect is cardioprotective versus adverse. Some studies indicated direct hypertrophic effects of leptin on isolated ventricular rat cardiomyocytes, whereas other animal models suggest that leptin is essential for maintaining normal cardiac structure.
Lipid molecules play a key role in cell biology. Recently, we have reported the discovery of block liposomes  in a model in vitro system. Cryo TEM has identified diblocks  and triblocks  consisting of nanoscale tubules  connected to spherical vesicles as well as diblocks  consisting of rods  connected to spherical vesicles.
Alcohol  abuse and alcoholism are serious public health concerns throughout the world. Alcoholism is the second most prevalent axis I diagnosis among individuals aged 1544 , and is one of the most highly heritable addictive disorders . More than 18 million Americans  have been estimated to meet the diagnostic criteria of alcohol abuse or dependence .
Prostate to bone metastases induce mixed lesions containing areas of extensive bone destruction  and formation  that are mitigated by the principal cells of the bone, osteoclasts and osteoblasts respectively . The high jacking of the normal bone remodeling process by the metastatic prostate cancer cells results in an increase in growth factors and cytokines that subsequently can stimulate tumor growth thus generating what has been referred to as a ‘vicious cycle’ . Therefore, understanding the molecular mechanisms that facilitate the interaction between the multiple cell types in the tumor bone microenvironment can provide new targets for therapies that will be effective in controlling and/or curing prostate to bone metastases .
Erectile dysfunction  affects approximately 18 million men aged 20 years or older in the US. Projections from US prevalence data indicate that by 2025, over 300 million men worldwide will have ED. The relationship between ED and cardiovascular disease  has received substantial attention.
Obesity is a major public health concern. Poor diet and inactivity are two of the greatest contributors to United States  deaths. To be effective, initiatives such as MyPyrimid.gov, Dietary Guidelines for Americans, Nutrition Facts Panels, and point of purchase restaurant labeling, require that the public understands concepts such as  what a calorie is,  where calories are found and  how many calories a person needs.
The Thai RV144 phase III vaccine trial demonstrated for the first time that a vaccine can prevent HIV infection . Subsequent clinical trials are underway to improve on the modest  efficacy of the RV144 vaccine with the potential to achieve a licensable product . Decade long delays in successful implementation of Hepatitis B vaccines  and ongoing obstacles in HPV vaccine roll out with low coverage in young women  and young men   suggest the importance of an implementation science approach to prepare for the effective translation of future HIV vaccines from clinical trials into routine practice .
The matrix metalloproteinases  are a family of enzymes that are involved in proteolytic processing of interstitial structural proteins, signaling molecules and growth factors. For example, increased MMP levels within the myocardium have been demonstrated in animal models of ischemia and reperfusion and heart failure. Using transgenic and pharmacological approaches, modifying MMP expression and activity has been shown to directly effect myocardial structure and function.
Inverted urothelial papilloma  is an uncommon urothelial neoplasm  with a generally accepted benign clinical course and a distinctive histomorphology. Periodic reports have linked rare cases of IUP with recurrence , as well as synchronous  and/or metachronous  urothelial carcinomas   leading to ambiguity with regards to the biologic potential of IUP; however, several recent studies have not shown an increased risk of UCA  . A limited number of IUP studies using single gene based assays have identified mutations in FGFR3, in 9.8% to 45% of cases .
Hepatitis C virus  is a RNA virus that currently infects over 150 million people across the world. Since human immunodeficiency virus  and HCV share similar routes of transmission, such as exposure to contaminated blood and sexual activity, approximately 25% of HIV infected persons are co infected with HCV, which is much higher than the HCV prevalence in the general world population. HIV/HCV co infection has been shown to decrease the probability of spontaneous HCV clearance and increase the rate of progression to cirrhosis, decompensated liver disease, hepatocellular carcinoma, and death .
Low dose spiral computed tomography  scans have been introduced as a way to detect lung cancers at an earlier, potentially more curable, stage of disease . CT scans have been shown to improve detection of smaller chest nodules, increasing early detection of lung cancer , , . The largest randomized trial of CT scanning for lung cancer, the National Lung Cancer Screening Trial  found a 21% decrease in lung cancer mortality and a 7% decrease in all cause mortality in those getting CT scans compared to the chest radiography group .
The use of blood contacting medical devices for treatment of cardiovascular disease leads to the activation of factors in response to materials that initiate blood coagulation and thrombosis. It is widely believed that the intrinsic coagulation cascade has little physiological significance and that the extrinsic cascade is the predominant pathway of coagulation in vivo . The intrinsic pathway is thought to be initiated by the “binding” of coagulation factor XII  to the negatively charged surface via “specific interactions” .
Roughening of the metal counterface is responsible for substantial increase of wear rate in metal on polyethylene total joint replacements . This arguably is the cause of much of the variability in wear rates and wear directions seen among individual patients within study cohorts . This has prompted several groups to study scratch patterns, toward a more definitive determinant of wear acceleration propensity ,,.
Increases in synaptic dopamine concentrations resulting from direct inhibition of the dopamine transporter  by cocaine have profound effects on the neurochemistry of dopaminergic synapses and account for a variety of cocaine induced behaviors. Our previous results indicate that the frequency, duration and pattern of cocaine administration are critical factors affecting the cellular responses to repeated cocaine administration . The dynamins are a class of GTPase mechanoenzymes that are centrally involved in endocytosis and receptor trafficking .
Fluoroquinolone  antibiotics were introduced in the mid 1980s and have been widely used against various infectious diseases including urinary tract infections . Both chromosomally mediated and plasmid mediated FQ resistance emerged rapidly and have since progressed. The increasing prevalence of FQ resistance among uropathogens in hospitals and long term care facilities  is a threat to the use of FQs as empirical therapy for UTI.
Fragile X associated tremor/ataxia syndrome  is seen in a subgroup of older adults who are carriers of premutation alleles  of the fragile X mental retardation 1  gene . The pathogenesis of FXTAS results from the direct neural cell toxicity of elevated levels of the expanded CGG repeat FMR1 mRNA , which leads to protein dysregulation . FXTAS also includes neuropathy, usually featuring pain in the lower extremities, and autonomic dysfunction in the majority of patients  .
Many game theoretical models have been developed to examine how animal contests are resolved. These models fall into one of two main categories based on the type of assessment that occurs during the contest: mutual  or self assessment. Empirical studies have supported several of these models  .
Inhibition of poly polymerase  has emerged as a promising drug strategy for the treatment of cancers mutated for BRCA1/2 because of its ability to selectively kill cells through synthetic lethality . More recently, PARP inhibitors have been shown to be effective in cells with defects in other genes involved in homologous recombination  and the DNA damage response suggesting that PARP inhibitors may be effective in treating a wider range of tumours that do not have BRCA mutations . In humans, the core mitotic complex consists of four subunits: SMC1A, SMC3, RAD21  and one of two possible stromal antigen proteins .
Human respiratory syncytial virus  is a major cause of viral bronchiolitis in infants, young children, elderly, and immune compromised patients. During 1960s, a formalin inactivated RSV vaccine  administered to children resulted in approximately 80% hospitalization and two deaths during next epidemic winter season, causing vaccine related enhanced RSV disease   . Despite the extensive endeavor to develop RSV vaccines, there is no licensed RSV vaccine .
The availability of allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplant  has expanded with the development of lower dose nonmyeloablative conditioning regimens, which depend on achieving a delicate balance between recipient and donor cells to obtain immunosuppression of the recipient, optimal anti tumor effect, and minimal toxicity. There is considerable variability in the clinical outcomes of these patients. Some of the interpatient variability in clinical outcomes could, in part, reflect differences in each recipient’s sensitivity to MMF.
During conditions of increased glutamate release such as seizures, group I metabotropic glutamate receptors  activate many second messenger pathways that may contribute to epileptogenesis . Exposure to the group I mGluR agonist 3,5 dihyroxyphenylglycine  results in the induction of epileptiform discharges in hippocampal slices that persist for hours after DHPG is removed . The epileptiform activity includes brief interictal discharges and longer  synchronous activity that resembles ictal activity.
Acne vulgaris is the most common disorder of human skin that affects up to 80% of individuals in their lives . propionibacterium acnes  is a Gram positive anaerobic bacterium that mostly resides in the pilosebaceous follicles of the skin. Genomic analysis of P. acnes has shown a variety of P. acnes pathogenicity .
Injection drug users  are often afflicted by serious health hazards, including overdose, blood borne diseases , and soft tissue infections. Abscesses, as defined in this study, are subcutaneous masses, filled with pus and debris, resulting from one’s bodily defenses against an outside infectious agent. Although treatment of uncomplicated abscesses can be relatively easy, large metropolitan counties and hospitals have been particularly burdened by the relatively high prevalence of soft tissue infections among IDUs, often a result of delayed treatment  .
Rubella virus, a member of the Togaviridae family, typically causes a relatively benign illness, although arthritis and arthralgia have been observed in adults. Less frequent complications include both encephalitis and thrombocytopenia. Infection during pregnancy, especially early in pregnancy, can cause congenital rubella syndrome , leading to devastating fetal abnormalities.
Resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging  measures spontaneous low frequency fluctuations in the blood oxygen level dependent  signal that is correlated with intrinsic neuronal signaling . Considering the intrinsic neuronal signaling accounts for a large proportion of brain activity, the study of these spontaneous fluctuations has enabled systematical delineation of the functional brain architecture  and the examination of whether the functional architecture of intrinsic activity is altered in neurological and psychiatric conditions  and mild cognitive impairment  , and Schizophrenia  ). Several review articles  have provided extensive surveys of relevant studies.
Face perception is argued to be “special” in part on the basis of behavioral effects that distinguish it from the perception of objects. For instance, face perception suffers more than object perception when images are turned upside down  and selective attention to half of a face is easier when face halves are aligned than misaligned, a composite effect  that is not observed for non face objects. Resolving this debate is important for the study of perception and memory.
Cancer cells in a primary tumor are adept at exploiting their local tissue microenvironment. By contrast, when metastatic cells leave these favorable surroundings, they must possess or acquire traits to enable survival and colonization of potentially hostile tissue environments, . The obstacles that metastasizing tumor cells encounter vary between organs, and are influenced by non cancerous stromal cells in the local microenvironment.
Despite numerous advances in tobacco dependence treatment, U.S. adult smoking prevalence and quit rates have stalled, and too few smokers who try to quit benefit from evidence based treatments. Evidence based cessation treatment policies have been underutilized, for the most part implemented and evaluated in isolation without regard to potential synergies. , If more fully implemented and better integrated, cessation treatment policies could yield substantial increases in adult quit rates and a reduction in the population prevalence of smoking.
Early in utero detection of FASD is highly desired for commencing therapeutic intervention and for stopping alcohol use for the remainder of pregnancy . Biomarkers developed for maternal alcohol consumption include increases in: 1) blood gamma glutamyltransferase, 2) blood carbohydrate deficient transferrin, 3) mean corpuscular volume, 4) blood hemaglobin acetaldehyde adduct, 5) specific fatty acid ethyl esters  and ethyl glucuronide in meconium and hair, and 6) neonatal urine dolichols . The advancing field of proteomics offers promise for developing state of the art biomarkers that can detect extremely subtle physiologic changes associated specifically with alcohol use .
Cell transplantation is being explored as an alternative therapy for treating patients with end stage heart failure. Fetal cardiomyocytes, skeletal myoblasts, immortalized cell lines, fibroblasts, smooth muscle cells, and hematopoietic stem cells have been transplanted into host myocardium for improved cardiac function . A number of studies using stem cell transplants report the differentiation of stem cells in the heart of murine and rodent models as well as the improvement of heart function deficits caused by cardiac injury .
Medulloblastoma , an embryonal neuroepithelial tumor of the cerebellum, is the most common malignant brain tumor in children . This highly invasive tumor has a tendency to disseminate throughout the central nervous system early in its course. Although, the medical treatment outcome for children with MB has improved over the past several decades, approximately one third of patients with MB tumors remain incurable.
Infection with oncogenic human papillomavirus  types is necessary for cervical cancer development. In this situation, it is possible that prevalent non vaccine types may be undetected. Such unmasking effect could be mistaken for type replacement.
The capsaicin receptor transient receptor potential vanilloid type 1  is a nonselective cation channel that can be activated by many physical and chemical stimuli, including heat, protons, capsaicin, and anandamide . TRPV1 is highly expressed in small  and medium sized dorsal root ganglion  neurons and is located along the entire length of these sensory neurons from the peripheral nerve endings to the central terminals in the spinal cord. Stimulation of TRPV1 elicits the release of glutamate  and neuropeptides  from primary afferent terminals.
Factor VIII  is a large plasma glycoprotein of 2332 amino acid residues organized in six domains: A1 A2 B A3 C1 C2. The B domain has no known homologues and the C domains are homologous to each other, to the C domains of FV, and are part of the discoidin family. In vitro, FVIII exists as a mixture of heterodimers of a variable length heavy chain  of the A1A2 domains with different length of the B domain due to limited proteolysis of the B domain by FXa or Thrombin, and a constant length light chain .
The activation status of T cells and the level of immune responses are controlled by costimulatory and co inhibitory molecules, although the antigen specificity is decided by interactions between TCR and MHC peptide complex . Many co stimulatory  and co inhibitory  molecules have been described on T cells . B7H1  is a ligand for both PD 1 and CD80.
Pancreatic islet cell transplantation is a promising treatment option, with allogeneic transplants used for patients with brittle type 1 diabetes and autologous transplants following total pancreatectomy used for patients with refractory chronic pancreatitis., In 2000, the Edmonton protocol opened a new era of allogeneic islet transplantation, achieving insulin independence in all islet recipients; however, there are still major barriers to its wide use, such as the need for multiple infusions with multiple donors, failed islet isolation, difficulty in maintaining long term graft function, and the use of strong immunosuppression. A major element in improving islet isolation outcomes and, in turn, clinical results is pancreas preservation. To that end, pancreatic ductal perfusion  at organ procurement was originally examined and shown to be effective in rodent models, where it was called prestorage ductal flush and intraductal distension and involved use of collagenase containing Hanks’ solution or University of Wisconsin solution ., Sawada et al showed that ductal perfusion using UWS without collagenase could significantly improve islet yield and quality.
The disabled homolog 2  gene encodes a mitogen responsive phosphoprotein. Recent studies have indicated that DAB2 is down regulated in multiple cancer types and has tumor suppressor function . In the context of lung cancer, down regulation of DAB2 expression in lung tumor specimens relative to normal adjacent tissues has also been observed .
Here, we demonstrate a 129Xe nuclear magnetic resonance  spectroscopic method that allows both sensitive analysis and detection of intact bacterial spores in aqueous solution, without further sample preparation. To make the technique more sensitive for demanding applications, chemical exchange provides another source of NMR signal amplification . Here, we further generalize this approach, by performing Hyper CEST NMR analysis of spore samples in the absence of cryptophane or other high affinity xenon binding sites .
The phenomenon of an increase in blood supply due to the metabolic demand of cells undergoing cancerous transformation has been one of the major scientific interests since the discovery of angiogenesis. One possible explanation of this delocalized increase in blood supply involves the idea of the field effect, the concept that local carcinogenic events are mirrored by changes throughout the entire organ. This depth is on the order of the light mean free path length.
Significant advances have been made in combining PET and MR based on solid state light detectors that are insensitive to static magnetic fields, such as avalanche photodiode  technology . However technical challenges, primarily associated with cross talk effects, are still not fully resolved . The pre clinical combined PET/MR scanner described in the previous special issue of TCRT  has been assembled and a preliminary evaluation of its performance undertaken.
Lentiviruses such as Human Immunodeficiency Virus  and Feline Immunodeficiency Virus  are able to evade an early, vigorous immune response and establish a persistent infection. During chronic HIV/FIV, the virus replicates at low levels contributing to a state of chronic immune activation followed by immune exhaustion . Using the FIV model for HIV/AIDS, our group and others have demonstrated the progressive activation of regulatory CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells  during the course of infection, consistent with reports of activated regulatory cells being isolated from HIV patients .
Aberrant hypermethylation of CpG islands in the glutathione S transferase pi  gene promoter is increasingly being recognized as a precursor to the genesis of prostate cancer. , GSTP1 is a member of the glutathione S transferase superfamily that catalyzes conjugation of the glutathione peptide with electrophilic compounds, including carcinogens, resulting in less toxic and more readily excretable metabolites. , It is also detected in a subset of proliferative inflammatory atrophy  lesions.
Mental illness imposes an immense global disease burden, particularly in low and middle income countries where access to mental health services is lacking . To our knowledge, brief depression screening tools have not been validated for a general PHC context in sub Saharan Africa. Depression is a common and debilitating comorbidity of HIV in sub Saharan Africa.
The hypothalamic pituitary adrenal  axis plays an important role in modulating an organism's responses to perturbations of the environment. In these species, studies have generally reported higher cortisol levels in low ranking than in high ranking females , whereas the relation between cortisol and rank in males is more variable and different in periods of rank stability and instability  . The authors found no age related differences in cortisol response to a social stressor.
Vertebrate commissural axons project along a transverse trajectory toward and across the floor plate , located at the ventral midline  of the spinal cord. We originally identified MLC and ILC axons through unilateral DiI labeling, which provides unobstructed views of postcrossing trajectories but cannot reproducibly mark MLC and ILC axons and reliably assess their behavior in response to perturbations. The bHLH  transcription factors, Atoh1 and Neurog1, define nonoverlapping progenitor populations that differentiate into genetically distinct dI1 and dI2 commissural neurons, respectively .
Type 2 Diabetes mellitus  confers roughly a 40% increased risk for developing AF as compared to individuals without DM . Excess cardiovascular morbidity and mortality are attributable to AF in individuals with DM . Risk for AF among individuals with DM has been linked to glycemic control .
Inhibition plays a central role in theorizing about human cognition. Inhibition refers to the suppression of thoughts, actions, and emotions and is often regarded as a key component of executive control . Researchers have used the concept of inhibition to explain a broad range of phenomena in clinical psychology, cognitive psychology, neuropsychology, lifespan development, and individual differences.
Recurrent thermal injury to the esophageal mucosa due to consuming large amounts of hot drinks has long been suspected to be a risk factor for esophageal cancer . If hot drinks indeed cause EC, they can explain a large proportion of all cases in populations in which drinking tea, coffee, or maté , or eating hot foods are common. To test this hypothesis, De Jong and colleagues measured intraesophageal temperature after consuming hot drinks.
The development of new surface modifications for titanium based implants has continuously improved the clinical outcomes in dental and orthopaedic applications and extended the coverage for populations of compromised patients. In recent years, several studies have been published reporting the beneficial effects of adding nanostructures  to microrough implants in vivo . In vitro studies looking to explain such a positive outcome of combined micro/nanorough surfaces have found synergistic differentiation of osteoblasts focusing mainly on the protein production of osteogenic markers and other local factors .
Histidine plays an essential role in protein chemistry where it is often found in the active site of enzymes. Here we describe a solution of one technical issue in continuum electrostatics calculations related to the specificity of interaction between the two protonatable sites of histidine. Several applications which demonstrate the utility of the current scheme are presented .
The opposable thumb has helped humans develop fine motor skills, allowing manipulation of a wide variety of objects. For example, the ability to complete selected functional tasks has been accurately predicted for individuals with significant deficits in lateral pinch strength based on the magnitude of pinch force they could produce  . The thumb consists of the carpometacarpal , metacarpophalangeal , and interphalangeal  joints, connecting four bones, the trapezium, the first metacarpal, the proximal phalanx, and the distal phalanx.
The incidence and mortality rates of colorectal cancer  are similar among the genders , however, women who have a history of Hormone Replacement Therapy  demonstrate a reduction of colon cancer risk . Estrogens bind to two distinct nuclear estrogen receptors , ERα and ERβ . The expression of the two ER subtypes is tissue specific, with ERα levels in the colon being lower than ERβ.
Healthy aging is associated with mild and gradual declines in cognition functions, with the greatest aging related changes involving memory, processing speed, and visuospatial skills . Such changes often occur in parallel with age related alterations in brain structure, characterized by cortical atrophy and white matter abnormalities . Some investigators have noted that age related increases in brain activity occur most often in the frontal cortex; for reviews and discussion, see .
Over 16,000 candidates are currently waiting to receive a liver transplant in the United States, with waiting list mortality rates approaching 20% in certain regions of the country . Increasing the donor pool by utilizing expanded criteria grafts may be an effective way to decrease the discrepancy between organ supply and demand . However, national data indicates an increasing reluctance of transplant programs to accept these grafts .
Dystrophin is the protein defective in the devastating genetic disease, Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, DMD. Because myocytes repeatedly change shape during contraction/relaxation cycles inherent in their function, the membrane is constantly in flux; dystrophin is thought to help control and bring order to this movement. At either end of these rods are binding domains of some sort.
The southern root knot nematode  is one of the most economically devastating plant pathogens in the world and is able to infect nearly every cultivated crop species . M. incognita engages in a complex interaction with its host plant. Previously characterized effector proteins from M. incognita have been shown to have diverse functions when secreted into the host plant.
The growth of axons is a fundamental biological process that is a prerequisite for the establishment of neuronal connectivity in the developing nervous system. In addition, TGFβ Smad2 signaling operates in a shared pathway with Cdh1 APC to promote SnoN degradation and thereby limits axonal growth . Collectively, these studies suggest that SnoN plays a critical role in orchestrating neuronal responses to signals that influence axonal growth .
More than 40% of patients with the demyelinating disease multiple sclerosis  suffer some form of cognitive decline. Traditional imaging measures, such as assessment of macroscopic lesion burden, are weakly related to cognitive changes , leading some researchers to focus on the role of gray matter  pathology in cognitive dysfunction . The hippocampus has emerged as a target for much of this research  .
Imaging genetics is a rapidly growing research field, examining how genetic factors contribute to brain structure and function. Maps of heritability coefficients , or genetic and environmental components of variance  have been applied not just to structural MRI, but also to diffusion tensor images , revealing genetic influences on aspects of fiber architecture that are correlated with intellectual performance  . Even so, with a few exceptions , specific genes that influence normal brain anatomy and function have been hard to identify.
Phosphodiesterase 5  inhibitors including sildenafil , vardenafil  and tadalafil  are FDA approved for treatment of erectile dysfunction. More recently, sildenafil was indicated for management of pulmonary arterial hypertension . There has been a substantial growth in evidence supporting the cardioprotective role of PDE 5 inhibitors against ischemia/reperfusion injury .
Contrast enhanced MR angiography  has become a non invasive modality of choice for detecting arterial disease in many vascular areas of the body. However, patients with renal insufficiency who receive gadolinium based agents are at risk for developing a debilitating and potentially fatal disease known as nephrogenic systemic fibrosis  . Therefore, MRA methods that do not require contrast agents will have importance for patients with renal insufficiency.
The cyclical exchange between actin monomers and its assembly into filaments is an energy dependent process, where the incorporation of ATP actin into filaments  ultimately results in ATP hydrolysis . Recycling factors such as cofilin and related ADF  family members bind ADP actin filaments to promote Pi release and filament severing . Since limiting actin dynamics under energy depleted conditions would allow cells to retain ATP consumed by a cycling actin population, a cellular mechanism to inhibit actin cycling in response to ATP stress would be beneficial to cell types sensitive to energy drain.
Neuronal intermediate filament inclusion disease  is an uncommon neurodegenerative condition  that was first recognized as a unique entity, based on the neuropathological finding of neuronal inclusions that are immunoreactive for neurofilament  proteins but negative for tau and α synuclein . It was initially referred to as neurofilament inclusion  disease, however subsequent studies demonstrated the inclusions to be immunoreactive for all class IV intermediate filaments , including α internexin, as well as light, medium and heavy NF subunits  . Twenty cases of NIFID have been published to date .
Opsin visual pigments are located in a stacked membranous structure of rod and cone photoreceptor cells called the outer segment . The first catalytic step of the visual cycle, reduction of all trans RAL to all trans retinol , occurs in photoreceptors. The location of visual cycle activities in cells of the RPE requires the trans location of retinoid intermediates across the extracellular space or interphotoreceptor matrix .
Twin twin transfusion syndrome  arises in monochorionic twin gestations due to unequal exchange of blood through the placental vascular communications. Selective laser photocoagulation of communicating vessels  is the preferred treatment for TTTS resulting in improved prenatal and perinatal survival. With enhanced survival, identification of risk factors to later cognitive performance and outcomes becomes critical.
Vascular calcification is a common finding in patients with cardiovascular disease , diabetes and end stage renal disease . Vascular calcification has been positively correlated with coronary atherosclerotic plaque burden , , increased risk of myocardial infarction ,  and plaque instability , . In diabetes mellitus, vascular calcification is strongly correlated with coronary artery disease and future cardiovascular events including lower extremity amputation , .
Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria  is a non malignant clonal disorder of hematopoietic stem cells characterized by a somatic mutation in the PIG A gene. Due to a defect in the glycosylphosphatidylinositol  anchor, PNH stem cells and their progeny lack GPI anchored surface proteins, some of which  protect erythrocytes from complement mediated lysis. However, this agent requires life long therapy and may be unaffordable for many patients.
Aberrant promoter methylation of tumor suppressor genes is an important mechanism of gene transcriptional inactivation and has been associated with the development of many kinds of cancers , including lung cancer, the most common cause of cancer death worldwide. Detection of lung cancer at earlier stages could potentially increase survival rates by 1050 folds . Results from several studies have indeed suggested the potential for gene promoter methylation in sputum as a predictive marker for lung cancer  .
Studies conducted in Western Europe and North America suggest that insomnia could affect between 30% and 60% of non institutionalized elderly persons. Reported rates have varied because of differences in definition and settings of studies. Insomnia has been defined in terms of symptoms, symptoms with duration or frequency of their occurrence, or diagnosis, such as those based on the criteria of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition .
Thioredoxin 1  is a 12 kDa endogenous protein found in micromolar concentrations in the cytosol of cells . While the molecular mechanisms for the cellular functions of Trx are complex and not fully understood, the cellular activity of Trx 1 likely involves its interaction with specific signaling cascades. For example, Trx 1 regulates apoptosis by preventing apoptosis signal regulating kinase 1 , a mitogen activated kinase kinase kinase  in the p38 MAPK signaling cascade, from activating p38 MAPK .
Heterogeneity is observed in the patterns of cognition in Alzheimer's disease . Such heterogeneity might suggest the involvement of different aetiological pathways or different host responses to pathology . 627 subjects with mild/moderate AD underwent cognitive assessment with the Mini Mental Status Exam  and the Dementia Rating Scale 2 .
Mercury is a ubiquitous global environmental pollutant, with human exposure to organic, inorganic, and elemental species of mercury occurring in many diverse settings. Mercury has primarily been recognized for its effects on the developing nervous system, first noted in tragic poisonings occurring in Japan as a result of contaminated fish consumption and Iraq as a result of contaminated grain consumption . Through the use of rodent models, awareness of the direct effects of mercury on the immune system has increased.
Cancer is a genetic disease in which genomic abnormalities alter the transcriptome, thereby directly or indirectly deregulating the pathways that control proliferation and survival. The transcriptomic diversity in cancer has been captured by robust expression subtypes that are characterized by similarity to gene signatures related to developmental lineages and cellular differentiation. Furthermore, molecular subtypes are frequently found to associate with somatic alterations, such as EGFR abnormalities in the classical subtype of glioblastoma, or the enrichment of NF1 deletions and mutations in the primitive group of lung squamous carcinoma.
Targeted therapy against oncogenic mutations, such as BRAFV600E, represents one of the most significant advances in the treatment of melanoma in decades. The combination of BRAF plus MEK  inhibition has provided incremental gains; however, the majority of patients still progress on therapy within 10 months . In particular, the use of immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown tremendous promise.
Ultraviolet radiation  is a major cause of non melanoma skin cancer including squamous cell carcinoma . Several studies have suggested that tobacco smoke is an independent risk factor for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma . The aryl hydrocarbon receptor , a ligand activated transcription factor, binds with high affinity to PAH including benzopyrene .
Obesity, previously primarily an adult condition, is increasing dramatically among the younger age groups . In 2006, the prevalence of overweight in U. S. children and adolescents had been estimated at 17%, and is predicted to rise to 20% by 2010 . A body mass index  greater than 25 kg/m2 at age 18 was associated with a 66% increased risk of premature death among women enrolled in the Nurses' Health Study cohort .
Cisplatin is a potent agent used in cancer chemotherapy. Since the anti cancer properties of cisplatin were discovered in 1960s, it has been widely employed for treating various cancers, including testicular, ovarian, bladder, cervical, head and neck, esophageal, lung and breast cancer . Numerous studies have provided information to elucidate the molecular mechanism of cisplatin cytotoxicity.
Interleukin  12p40  is a common subunit of both IL 12p70  and IL 23 . IL 12p70 plays a role in resistance and adaptive immunity and is also involved in antitumor responses,. In addition to associating with IL 12p35 and IL 23p19 to comprise the well studied heterodimeric cytokines IL 12 and IL 23, IL 12p40 can exist in a monomeric form; the monomeric form may play an independent role in immune responses.
Malignant gliomas are characterized by their invasiveness and dissemination, resulting in frequent tumor recurrence after surgical resection and/or other treatment. As one of the strategies to develop novel therapies for such brain tumors, it had been proposed that neural progenitor/stem cells  with tumor tracking capabilities  may be utilized as a vehicle to deliver therapeutic entities and to target the tumor . We had previously engineered Interleukin 12 producing murine primary NSCs and demonstrated that these NSCs migrated towards intracranial gliomas and induced T cell anti tumor immunity .
The concept of imidazoline binding sites was first proposed in 1984 ; since then, research has focused on understanding the nature of these binding sites . For example, I1 receptors have been shown to be involved in the central control of blood pressure, glucose balance and metabolism , and a gene that encodes I1 receptors  has been cloned . Imidazoline I2 receptors might be the most interesting of the imidazoline receptor subtypes because they are emerging as a possible drug target for some neurological and psychiatric disorders, such as pain, stroke and drug abuse .
1, 6 Hexamethylene diamine  in biological media  has been utilized as a biological marker for occupational exposure to 1,6 hexamethylene diisocyanate  . In biological samples, these markers represent the integration of HDI exposure across multiple exposure routes. Repeated or prolonged exposure to HDI monomer and/or HDI oligomers  may also result in skin or respiratory sensitization  and development of occupational asthma .
The Spanish speaking population has been growing rapidly in the U.S., and this trend is expected to continue. In the year 2000, the Hispanic population in the United States was approximately 12.5 million people. Although resources are available to many pharmacists to provide patient education materials in Spanish, these are being underutilized due to inconsistent and potentially harmful translations.
In bacteria, the ability to resist mechanical forces is necessary for survival and growth, allowing cells to withstand osmotic pressures while maintaining cell shape, cell growth and division. The mechanical properties of bacteria are known to vary among and within species. Gram positive bacteria have a thicker cell wall and greater turgor pressure than Gram negative organisms, and are therefore more stiff than Gram negative organisms , .
Cytokines control a large panel of biological functions, many of them mediated by the JAK STAT signal transduction pathway. The transcription factors Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 5A and 5B  are executors of such cytokines as prolactin, growth hormone, erythropoietin, and interleukins . In mammary tissue STAT5 is required for the establishment and maintenance of alveolar progenitors during puberty  as well as for alveolar proliferation and differentiation during pregnancy .
Concurrent and discrete trial choice procedures are used to measure the relative reinforcing strength of abused drugs. When the alternative reinforcer to a drug injection is a non drug stimulus, such as food, the procedure more closely resembles the clinical abuse condition , in which choosing drug results in forfeiting another reinforcer . Previous studies have suggested that response rates do not correlate significantly with drug choice or preference .
Adeno associated virus  is a ssDNA virus from the Parvoviridae family. One impetus for exploring the diversity of AAV biology is the remarkable differences in gene transfer and vector tropism observed between the AAV serotypes. By definition, serotypes distinguish themselves in their susceptibility to serological neutralization and the lack of cross neutralization, a property that is determined by the absence of shared antigenic determinants on the exposed viral surface.
Methylphenidate  enhances cognitive and behavioral function by acting, at least in part, on the prefrontal cortex . Recent reports state that the use of MPD as a cognitive enhancer has become widely abused among college students and adults. Due to the PFC’s critical role in higher cognitive functions, it is considered one of the main brain regions to respond to acute and chronic MPD administration., The motive circuit drives reward and underlies psychostimulant actions on the brain.
Smoking prevalence among adults in the U.S. has decreased from 40% in 1964 to 20% currently . Studies of persons entering treatment for alcohol as well as opioid dependence suggest that these populations are more likely to die from smoking related causes than other substance abuse related causes . A smaller literature is available related to smoking and HIV, but studies suggest that smoking prevalence is elevated among HIV affected persons , that smoking is related to HIV related medical problems in this population , and that quitting smoking is recommended for persons living with HIV  .
Thymic derived CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells  have an important role in the mechanisms of peripheral immune tolerance and in the prevention of pathogenic autoimmunity through the suppression of proliferation and production of pro inflammatory cytokines in effector immune cells. Similar to other T cells, tTregs develop in the thymus, and are defined by expression of the forkhead family transcription factor Foxp3 . Expression of Foxp3 is required for tTreg development and appears to control a genetic program specifying this cell fate .
Mammalian Target of Rapamycin  is an ATP and nutrient sensor that contributes to the control of cell size and cell cycle progression. mTOR mediated control of translation is a rapamycin sensitive process accomplished by regulation of the downstream targets, S6K and eIF4E . In contrast, inhibition of eIF4E by the translational repressor 4EBP1 is reversed when 4EBP1 is phosphorylated by mTOR, resulting in the release of eIF4E, which can associate with eIF4A, eIF4G, and eIF4B to initiate the translation of capped mRNA  .
Neural progenitor cells  of the embryonic neocortex initially comprise a large population of the neuroepithelial cells and, as development proceeds, radial glia located in the ventricular zone  continue to provide a source of NPCs. Radial glia undergo symmetric cell divisions to replenish themselves and asymmetric divisions to produce postmitotic neurons or intermediate neural progenitors  . Harnessing the potential of NPCs holds promise for the treatment of neuronal injury and neurodegenerative diseases, and dysfunction of NPCs is at the root of numerous neurological disorders ,.
Methamphetamine  is a highly addictive psychostimulant. In the United States, an estimated 600,000 people are weekly users of the drug. METH exerts pharmacological effects on the central nervous system  through a non exocytoxic mechanism that releases monoamine neurotransmitters including dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin.
A number of disease states highlight the significant effects that interferons can have on hematopoiesis. Interferons may also be used therapeutically in some hematologic malignancies . Interferons are released systemically to activate the inflammatory response to infections such as viruses  and intracellular pathogens .
Cyclin dependent kinases  together with cyclins constitute the central components of the cell cycle machinery . Cdk4 and Cdk6 form active complexes with D type cyclins to initiate the cell division cycle by phosphorylating the Retinoblastoma protein . Notably it was described that Cdk1, which was originally identified as an essential mitosis promoting kinase, can compensate for the loss of Cdk2 by complexing with cyclin E to drive cells through the G1/S transition although Cdk1 is only ∼65% identical to Cdk2 .
Pain originating from the musculoskeletal system is common and costs billions of dollars in healthcare and lost wages . Chronic musculoskeletal pain syndromes such as fibromyalgia and myofacial pain syndrome can be disabling and difficult to treat . To address these issues, our laboratory developed a model of long lasting, mechanical hypersensitivity induced by two intramuscular injections of acidic  saline .
Several factor  VIII products of different origin and structure are being used for hemophilia A treatment worldwide. The assessment of FVIII concentration in these products is done using activity assays, which are dependent upon the assay and its modifications . Three activity  and two immunoassays  were used in this study with albumin free full length recombinant  FVIII as a standard .
Macrophages  are mononuclear phagocytes of the innate immune system and are involved in host defence, metabolism and the homeostatic regulation of healthy tissues. Mφs respond to IFNγ, with or without LPS, to become classically activated . Associated with both Th2 mediated allergic reactions and responses to a range of phylogenetically distinct helminth parasites , alternatively activated Mφs  are characterised by their expression of Arginase 1, resistin like molecule alpha  and Ym 1  .
Epilepsy is the commonest neurological disorder worldwide and one of the most common chronic, non communicable diseases among adults in resource poor settings. Adults with epilepsy had poorer food security, less personal safety, poorer housing quality, and lower levels of educational attainment. Women with epilepsy were less likely to access healthcare services for antenatal care .
Manganese superoxide dismutase  is responsible for converting superoxide to hydrogen peroxide in the mitochondrial matrix. A polymorphism that causes a change from alanine to valine at the 16th amino acid  in the MTS of human MnSOD has been linked to a number of diseases including breast cancer . This polymorphism is predicted to result in a change in the secondary structure in the MTS domain of the protein from an α helix  to a β sheet conformation  .
Efavirenz, a potent non nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor , remains preferred component of highly active antiretroviral therapy  for treatment naïve patients despite an emergence of second generation of NNRTIs and new classes of antiretroviral agents . It is the only antiretroviral agent currently on the market that has been combined with other two nucleoside/nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitors in a single tablet and administered once daily, which significantly improve adherence ). However, its propensity for clinically important drug drug interactions is high.
CD1 proteins are non polymorphic, class I antigen presenting molecules, which present both self and foreign lipids as cognate antigens to T cells. The CD1 family consists of five isoforms that can be classified into three groups: group 1 comprises CD1a, CD1b and CD1c; group 2 comprises CD1d and group 3 comprises CD1e . In contrast, group 2 CD1d molecules present lipid antigens to natural killer T  cells.
Internalizing behaviours , prevalent in children born very preterm compared to full term, are evident by 2 years corrected age   and persist to school age, late adolescence and young adulthood . Little is known about the aetiology of internalizing behaviours in children born very preterm. Previously, we found that greater neonatal pain  was associated with greater internalizing behaviours at 18 months CA .
A promising research area from the 1950s through 1970s involved the therapeutic use of 5 HT2AR agonist hallucinogens in the treatment of drug dependence, including alcohol and opioid dependence . Some studies did not include the rigor and controls expected of modern clinical research, thus obscuring efficacy. However, a recent meta analysis of randomized controlled trials found that LSD facilitated treatment of alcoholism approximately doubled the success rates of control conditions at the first follow up .
Dose escalated external beam radiation therapy  for prostate cancer is associated with improved tumor control rates in all disease risk groups. Randomized controlled trials  conducted in the United States demonstrated improved PSA control following treatment of localized prostate cancer with EBRT doses of 78 Gy and 79.2 Gy compared to 70 Gy., Clinical guidelines of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network  have evolved over the last decade but have generally suggested doses between 7079 Gy for men with low risk disease and 7580+ Gy for men with intermediate and high risk disease., Thus, in 2007 the use of higher dose EBRT  was established as a clinical performance measure in assessing the quality of prostate cancer radiotherapy. Despite these observed benefits, selection of patients most likely to benefit from dose escalated EBRT is complicated by several factors.
It has been hypothesized that an “activity center” or “activitystat” within the central nervous system controls an individual’s amount of physical activity over time, and therefore daily energy expenditure . is a graphic illustration of how the “activitystat” could maintain a set point total physical activity level. The “activitystat” results in compensation for the periods of inactivity through increases in the intensity of activity during the rest of the day in order to maintain the total physical activity set point .
Fragile X syndrome , caused by a mutation in FMR1 at Xq27.3, is the most common inherited cause of mental impairment and the leading known single gene cause of autism. This mutation results from the presence of more than 200 CGG repeats within the promoter region of the FMR1 gene, which prevents normal transcription, and leads to subsequent reduction or absence of the FMR1 protein   and abnormal brain development, including aberrant dendritic arborization and synaptic plasticity . The behavioral phenotype is characterized by deficits in attention and inhibitory control, autistic symptoms, social anxiety and withdrawal, hyperarousal, and gaze aversion  .
Anionic lipids and cholesterol  are often critical membrane components to ensure ion channel stability and functionality. Some of these lipid head groups were closely associated with the charged residues near the intracellular and extracellular domains of GLIC . The ability of PA and CHOL to reduce lipid fluidity has been proposed to indirectly affect the nAChR function,, but other lines of experimental evidence point to direct effects.
Most illicit drug use initiation begins between the ages of 12 and 20, with peak periods of initiation of drug use between ages 15 and 19 . Clinical studies suggest that drug use during adolescence may lead to an increased likelihood of chronic drug use during adulthood . There are reports of unique maturational changes occurring in neurotransmitter systems and behavioral repertoires during late childhood/young adulthood.
developed a technique to image electrical conductivity using the ultrasonically induced Lorentz force. An ultrasonic wave is passed through tissue in the presence of a magnetic field. The wave causes the tissue  and the charged ions within the tissue  to move.
Rod and cone photoreceptors are two major photoreceptor cell types in vertebrates. In mammalian species, however, cone disks are suggested to take a mixture of open and closed disk structures . Such anterograde transport is mediated by a kinesin II motor and is essential for carrying cargoes, such as opsin and other phototransduction components, to the disk membranes .
Research on source memory  the ability to recall the conditions under which a memory was acquired  has increasingly come to focus on how agendas at the time of retrieval can influence which mnemonic features are retrieved and used to make source judgments . One factor that has been shown to influence source memory judgments is the number of sources mentioned in the test instructions: Subjects are more likely to falsely attribute items to a source if that source is the only one mentioned at test  vs. if multiple sources are mentioned at test  . One possible difference relates to how subjects cue memory.
Research examining the potential impact of gender on quality of life in HIV/AIDS is limited . Researchers have suggested the need for empowerment as a strategy for attaining better health and improving the QOL among women living with HIV . In repeated measures models, women were found to score lower in all HRQOL domains except overall health.
Membrane proteins, which constitute a third of all proteins in nature, regulate and direct a host of important cellular processes, ranging from transport of nutrients to generation of energy. Membrane proteins exhibit molecular motions on a wide range of time scales under physiological conditions and insight into their motions is the key to understanding their functions. Standard high resolution solution NMR techniques have provided valuable insights into membrane protein structure function relationships, but information regarding protein dynamics in lipid bilayers remains elusive.
One potentially important application of functional image information is in the planning, guidance, and assessment of therapeutic interventions. Extensive 3D anatomic information from CT and MRI came into widespread use for radiation treatment planning in the 1980’s and 1990’s. It is well established that for the X rays commonly used in therapy, sensitivity to cell killing can vary dramatically with local oxygen tension, with approximately three times more dose required for the same level of cytotoxicity in hypoxic vs euoxic conditions.
Information about injuries sustained by survivors of airplane crashes is scant, although some information is available on fatal aviation related injuries. Objectives of this study were to explore the patterns of aviation related injuries admitted to U.S. hospitals and relate them to aviation deaths in the same period . The Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project  Nationwide Inpatient Sample  contains information for approximately 20% of all hospital admissions in the United States each year.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the aging process is associated with increased risk for disease that can cause physical and economic burden for older adults. Thus, the growing older adult population places significant burden on the health care system. From anti wrinkle creams to antioxidants, many companies are currently in the business of selling products to delay the aging process.
Heart disease is not only the leading cause of death, disability, and healthcare expense in the US, but also the leading cause of death worldwide, and treatments to reduce cardiac damage could have significant health and fiscal impacts. Cardiac hypertrophy is a prevalent complication of chronic hypertension and an independent risk factor for heart failure and death. Sustained β adrenergic receptor  activation was shown to enhance the synthesis of myocardial proteins.
Chronic lower respiratory diseases are the third leading cause of death In the United States, resulting in 137,082 deaths in 2009. Family  and twin based studies provide consistent evidence of genetic contributions to lung function, with estimates of heritability ranging as high as 85% for FEV1, 91% for FVC, and 45% for the FEV1/FVC ratio . Recently, genome wide association studies  have begun to shed light on the complex genetic architecture of lung function measures.
The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of cardiovascular risk factors including elevated blood pressure, dyslipidemia, impaired glycemic control, and abdominal obesity. This syndrome affects about 25% of the adult US population and is reaching an epidemic spread in parallel to obesity, which is estimated to affect about 312 million people worldwide. With at least 1.1 billion overweight people, the incidence of the metabolic syndrome is expected to continue to rise, warranting thorough mechanistic understanding to enable optimal treatment at a socioeconomic scale .
Plant oil is an important renewable resource for both edible and industrial uses. Maize or corn  oil is the main co product of corn wet and dry milling, and contains a high concentration of essential, polyunsaturated fatty acids, which make it an excellent source of energy and essential fatty acids for food and feed uses . However, commercial high oil corn hybrids are associated with reduced seed size and agronomic yield .
ATF5 is a member of the activating transcription factor/cAMP response element binding  protein family that represents a large group of basic leucine zipper  transcription factors with diverse physiological functions . ATF5 is expressed in a number of gliomas  and breast cancers  and is down regulated in a number of cancer cell lines following growth factor deprivation, which leads to apoptosis . Similar interference with ATF5 function in non neoplastic breast cells or in normal cells outside of brain tumors, such as mature neurons and glial cells, did not affect their survival .
The dentate gyrus is one of only two regions of the mammalian brain  where substantial neurogenesis has been unequivocally shown to occur postnatally . Early studies of neurogenesis using the radioactive thymidine labeling technique in macaque monkeys reported a sharp decrease in neuron production within three to four months after birth, but failed to demonstrate neurogenesis in adult individuals . Furthermore, only limited descriptions of the number of neurons observed at birth as compared to that observed in adult primates have ever been published .
Ubiquitin mediated proteolysis of cell cycle proteins is critical for tight control of normal cell proliferation and is often deregulated in human cancers . One major class of multi subunit E3 ubiquitin ligases is Skp1/Cullin/F box protein  complexes. SCF complexes target many cell cycle regulators and their deregulation contributes to neoplastic transformation .
With declining fertility rates and increasing life expectancy, the population of Sri Lanka is rapidly ageing . Elderly Sri Lankans  constituted 9.4% of the population in 2006, up from 9.1% in 2001 and from 6.9% in 1998 . This proportion of elderly is the highest in South Asia .
Active smoking has long been considered deleterious to health and a risk factor for a number of diseases . Cigarette smoke contains more than 4,000 chemicals and at least 60 known carcinogens . Research has found that sidestream smoke, the smoke from the tip of cigarette, contains greater amounts of tar, nicotine, and other chemicals, than mainstream smoke .
Over 50% of individuals with an anterior cruciate ligament  injury and reconstruction develop post traumatic osteoarthritis . It has been hypothesized that abnormal gait mechanics may contribute to altered cartilage loading and subsequent PTOA following an ACL R. Specifically, higher external knee adduction moment  and dynamic knee varus during walking have been implicated in the pathogenesis of knee OA. However, there are also studies that report no difference in KAM or lower KAM in the ACL R knees.
Enormous progress has recently been made to understand the genetic basis of dilated cardiomyopathy . Also, identified mutations are usually unique  to that family, and this allelic heterogeneity demands that, minimally, all coding exons and intron/exon junctions of any gene under study be examined to exclude variants relevant for disease. Furthermore, some of the genes that harbor DCM mutations are very large.
At times near the onset of saccadic eye movements, our spatial perception can be distorted. While this phenomenon, termed peri saccadic mislocalization, is not often perceived in daily life, it has been repeatedly shown in controlled laboratory conditions. Specifically, a flashed stimulus presented shortly before or after saccade onset is likely to be mislocalized.
Vietnam is disproportionately affected by the HIV epidemic amongst countries in Southeast Asia . The HIV epidemic in Vietnam is concentrated in high risk populations, including injection drug users, male and female sex workers, and men who have sex with men  . MSW in Ho Chi Minh City tend to be young, with the majority of individuals under the age of 30  .
Hidradenitis Suppurativa  is a follicular occlusion disorder occurring in apocrine rich areas that often presents with tender, occasionally draining, papules and nodules with an onset early in puberty, occasionally leading to sinus tract formation. Associations with other illnesses  have been described. Due to the involvement of many different sites, HS patients may see not only dermatologists, but also general internists, colorectal surgeons, plastic surgeons, gastroenterologists and family physicians.
The formation and retrieval of relational memories critically depends on the hippocampus, as demonstrated by numerous lesion, electrophysiological, and human imaging studies . Nonetheless, how it performs these operations remains poorly understood. An intriguing clue comes from previous dissociations of memory signatures for item information in the monkey perirhinal cortex .
A growing body of evidence indicates that group I metabotropic glutamate receptors , which include mGluR1 and mGluR5 receptors, play a critical role in the reinstatement of cocaine seeking behavior, an animal model of relapse. For example, systemic administration of an mGluR1 antagonist  or an mGluR5 antagonist  attenuates the ability of a priming injection of cocaine and/or cocaine associated cues to reinstate cocaine seeking. Recent studies have begun to identify the exact roles of mGluR1 and mGluR5 in the accumbens core and shell in cocaine priming induced reinstatement of drug seeking.
Phospholipase D  catalyzes the hydrolysis of phosphatidylcholine to generate the lipid second messenger phosphatidic acid , and choline, in response to mitogenic signals such as PDGF, EGF, FGF, insulin, IGF, VEGF and serum . The expression levels of the PLD gene are under developmental control and can also vary during the different stages of cell differentiation. Cell differentiation is accompanied with a very large increase in PLD2 expression.
Urinary catheters are frequently used for both short  and long term care in skilled nursing home  facilities. , These indwelling catheters carry many risks for NH residents including asymptomatic bacteriuria, symptomatic urinary tract infections, and antimicrobial resistance. The majority of residents with indwelling urinary catheters have persistent bacteriuria.
Huntington’s disease  is a neurodegenerative disorder caused by a polyglutamine repeat expansion in the huntingtin  protein, producing the pathological mutant huntingtin  . The NMDAR GluN2B subunit mediates increased vulnerability to excitotoxicity in mHtt expressing striatal medium spiny projection neurons  . Results of these studies are consistent with the hypothesis that Ex NMDAR stimulation preferentially activates apoptotic signaling cascades  .
Recruitment of circulating monocytes, their differentiation into macrophages, uptake of LDL derived cholesterol, and the ensuing activation of a broad range of inflammatory responses are the major events leading to atherosclerosis initiation and progression. In addition to these cellular functions of the macrophage, increased numbers of circulating monocytes are associated with atherosclerosis and predict future cardiovascular disease. The majority of these circulating monocytes originate from hematopoietic stem cell commitment to myeloid progenitor cells and their proliferation in response to atherogenic cues.
Obesity is a major risk factor for common disorders such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, and cancer . α MSH appears to have a species dependent regulatory function in energy homeostasis, with two tissue dependant and opposing roles. α MSH is a potent agonist of the melanocortin 1  and melanocortin 4  receptors .
Vaccinia virus  is a complex, enveloped virus with an ~ 189 kbp double stranded DNA genome. The EV has an additional outer membrane layer and thus exhibits different proteins on its surface compared to the MV . The majority of studies investigating the entry of VACV into host cells have focused on the MV since they are more abundant and easier to purify than EV particles .
Herpetic stromal keratitis  is a chronic immunoinflammatory condition that develops in corneal tissue in response to recurrent herpes simplex virus 1  infection of the cornea. Studies carried out in mouse models have clearly shown the involvement of both innate and adaptive immune cells in regulating the severity of HSK . In addition, recent studies suggest the involvement of CD8 T cells in clearing HSV 1 from corneas at late time points post infection .
How are innate behaviors programmed into the genome? Drosophila is unique amongst invertebrate genetic model organisms in that it exhibits both courtship and aggression . Both aggression and courtship consist of rich ensembles of stereotyped behaviors, which often unfold in a characteristic sequence,.
A large class of cellular response systems regulates the flux and concentration of small molecules by controlling transport and metabolism pathways via two feedback loops connected by a common transcription factor  that senses the intracellular concentration of the small molecule. Full expression of these operons occurs when the glucose level is low and the corresponding sugar level is high; ; ; . Therefore, regulation of these operons occurs by “combinatorial control”, which is common in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes; .
Cryopreservation of oocytes or ovarian tissue provides a potential option for fertility preservation of women facing the loss of reproductive function, either due to diseases such as cancer or treatments, including radiation and chemotherapy . Cryopreserved and thawed ovarian tissue has been successfully reimplanted and has produced live births, with lower success rates for frozen tissue vs. fresh transplant . Ovarian tissue is cryopreserved using conventional freezing  or vitrification .
Epithelial ovarian cancer is the most lethal gynecologic malignancy and the fourth leading cause of death from cancer among women. Although BRCA1 expression is reduced in some sporadic ovarian tumors , there is no definitive evidence that this protein is important for their development. We hypothesized that the reproductive factors that are associated with increased risk of sporadic tumors might mimic the consequences of a BRCA1 mutation, making such mutations irrelevant.
Candida albicans is a frequent cause of both mucocutaneous and systemic infections . Incidence of invasive candidiasis is increasing among immunocompromised patients with mortality rates ranging from 30 50% despite aggressive antifungal therapy . Central to the pathogenesis of this organism is its ability to respond to environmental signals by changing its growth morphology.
Relaxation dispersion NMR techniques provide a powerful approach for characterizing transient excursions away from energetically favorable ground state  conformations of biomolecules toward short lived  and low populated  excited states . Such fleeting states have been shown to play important roles in signaling, folding, catalysis, and recognition. A second class of dispersion experiments involves measuring the rotating frame relaxation rate constant  upon application of a radiofrequency  spin lock field with varying offset frequency  and power  .
Designing and implementing a human research protocol has grown increasingly challenging due to the increasing expectations about scientific and biostatistical rigor, the growth in regulatory requirements, and the increasing subtlety of bioethical review. As a result, the successful design of a human research protocol requires inputs from a variety of content experts in addition to the investigator. We hypothesized that having an expert and experienced leader  coordinate and integrate those inputs in a structured program could expand opportunities for, and accelerate, translational research by: 1) lowering the barriers for basic investigators to develop human subjects protocols, 2) providing practical and comprehensive education in the principles of good clinical practice , 3) speeding IRB approval, and 4) insuring scientific quality .
Reactive chemical species including free radicals and non free radical species have a significant role in cell signaling and tissue damage . Nitrone spin traps are a group of synthetic chemicals initially designed for stabilizing free radicals to allow their detection by electron spin resonance  spectroscopy . Since then, DMPO has been widely used in the ESR spin trapping technique and is becoming the most popular nitrone spin trap in free radical research .
Working memory  refers to the ability to maintain goal relevant information in mind. WM is fundamental to higher cognitive functions, including reasoning and reading comprehension , and is linked to scholastic development . In delayed match to sample tasks in humans, such as the Sternberg WM task , reliable activations have been observed in dorsolateral prefrontal, ventrolateral prefrontal, premotor, and parietal cortices during the maintenance of information in WM after stimulus encoding and before stimulus response .
Reducing infection and mortality rates from viral pathogens, such as dengue and Ebola viruses, requires rapid and early diagnosis. This need poses a special challenge in economically challenged areas with limited laboratory infrastructure where these viruses are often endemic. Traditional techniques for detecting viruses, including plaque assays and polymerase chain reaction , often require complex laboratory equipment and trained personnel and are therefore poorly suited for early diagnosis in these settings .
The ADNI  is a large longitudinal study of patients with probable Alzheimer's disease , patients with mild cognitive impairment  and healthy elderly controls followed for at least 23 years. Many participants in the ADNI are being treated with medications, and these may have beneficial or deleterious effects . Diagnosis, demographics, medication status, psychometric data and MRI measures of hippocampal volume and entorhinal cortex thickness were obtained for 818 participants from the ADNI cohort.
Acute Trypanosoma cruzi infection is followed by a lifelong chronic phase during which 10% to 30% of infected patients develop clinical Chagas disease . Chronic Chagas disease is associated with progressive inflammatory destruction of the heart, muscles, nerves, and gastrointestinal  tract tissue. Mega organ syndromes and associated symptoms are also exhibited in animal models of Chagas disease .
of Haemophilus influenzae type b  conjugate vaccines into childhood immunization programs has dramatically reduced the incidence of Hib meningitis in countries using Hib vaccines . Hib conjugate vaccines are highly efficacious against invasive Hib disease , decrease Hib carriage among vaccinated children and reduce transmission and invasive disease among non immunized children  . Hib conjugate vaccines do not prevent H. influenzae disease due to other serotypes, raising the potential for the emergence of H. influenzae disease due to virulent organisms with non type b capsules .
Taenia solium and T. saginata are among the most prevalent human tapeworms in the world. The intermediate host of T. solium are mainly pigs. Humans act as definitive hosts for the parasite.
The functional, three dimensional structure of a protein reflects a careful balance of diverse noncovalent interactions. Stabilizing forces such as hydrogen bonds, salt bridges, and hydrophobic effect have been studied extensively. In contrast, much less is known about cationπ interactions in proteins, in part because of the challenges inherent to rigorous characterization of these interactions.
Simian immunodeficiency viruses  belong to the group of lentiviruses that infect non human primates . The lentiviruses that cause immunodeficiencies in humans and Asian macaques originated from cross species transmission of viruses that naturally infect nonhuman primates in Africa. Since natural hosts of SIV have co evolved with the virus to avoid disease progression, dissecting the mechanisms underlying the nonprogressive nature of natural SIV infection will lead to a better understanding of the aspects of HIV infection responsible for the progressive nature of the disease in humans.
The recessive Arabidopsis acd11 mutant initiates defense related programmed cell death  at the early seedling stage, leading to a lethal phenotype before flowering . The founding member of this protein family is the mammalian GLTP that facilitates intermembrane transfer of glycosphingolipids  . The biological role of mammalian GLTP remains unknown, but the protein is well characterized structurally and biophysically .
Distinct types of neurons and glia are generated from progenitor cells following a precise spatial and temporal order during development of the nervous system. The spatial identity of a neuron is determined by the position of its progenitor cell in the neural tube and the signals that it receives along the dorsoventral  and rostrocaudal  axes . In addition, in vitro experiments performed with cultured cortical progenitor cells further indicated that the mechanisms governing the temporal order of neurogenesis are encoded within the progenitors and their immediate progeny  .
Neonatal herpes is one of the most serious consequences of herpes simplex virus  infection, and is a significant public health concern in many developed countries. . The estimated incidence of neonatal herpes varies by geographical region and study methodology, ranging from 1 case per 20,000  60,000 live births in European countries , 1 case per 17, 000 live births in Canada, 1 case per 11,000 live births in Australia, and up to 1 case per 3,200 live births in parts of the United States.
The presence of necrotic areas is a common feature of human solid tumors . Initially, efforts to use the tumor targeting properties of non pathogenic strains of Clostridia focused on the fact that following intravenous injection, spores of these strains localized and germinated in the necrotic areas of experimental tumors and produced extensive tumor lysis. .
Adoptive cell transfer of T lymphocytes has demonstrated successful tumor regression in clinical trials. , In mouse models of prostate cancer, adoptive cell transfer of genetically engineered T cells showed a potential for tumor eradication and increased survival in mice. As well, CD4−CD8− lymph node derived cells from lpr mice, which lack functional Fas and naturally express higher than normal levels of FasL, have been shown to induce killing in Fas+ target cells whereas lymph node derived cells from wild type mice did not exert a similar killing effect.
Over the past several decades, investigators, academic institutions, and funding agencies have been increasingly investing in cross disciplinary team science initiatives with the aim of producing more comprehensive and innovative science that can effectively address important real world problems . Multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary research refer to increasing levels of disciplinary integration that fall between unidisciplinary and TD research. Yet the approach also introduces unique challenges, including the added time and effort needed for communication with more diverse group of collaborators ; conflicts stemming from the varied goals, values, and implicit assumptions that collaborators from multiple disciplines and fields bring to the research endeavor ; competing obligations to one's home discipline/department ; and perhaps not unsurprisingly, a delay in productivity that likely results from the increased “start up” time needed for TD teams to overcome these and other challenges  .
In 2010, an estimated 59,000 Americans were diagnosed with renal cell carcinoma  and approximately 13,000 died from the disease . The different subtypes of RCC and their distinct molecular characteristics  has led to improved treatment and therapy directed by tumor subtype . Although cytokine therapy with interferon alfa or interleukin 2  was considered as the standard treatment for metastatic RCC  prior to the introduction of targeted therapies, the latter are now considered the standard of care for most patients with mRCC .
The p27kip1 protein is a member of a family of CDK inhibitors  and plays an important role in multiple fundamental cellular processes and in the pathogenesis of human malignancies, with roles in cell proliferation, cell senescence, cell differentiation, migration, and invasion . Identifying new pathways and molecules which regulate p27 expression is therefore critical for developing cancer treatments through restoration of p27 levels . In addition, several cellular proteins, such as p53, Foxo3, and E2F, have been identified to play an important role in SIRT1 mediated cancer cell survival .
Myelinated axons are segregated into distinct domains that include the node of Ranvier, its flanking paranodal and juxtaparanodal regions, and the internode. For example, it is now clear that formation of all three domains depends on neuron glia interactions initiated through CAMs . These CAMs in turn bind to cytoskeletal and scaffolding proteins such as ankyrins, spectrins, 4.1 proteins, and MAGUKs.
Apathy is increasingly being recognized as a common and clinically significant neurobehavioral syndrome. Similar prevalence of apathy has also been reported in frontotemporal degeneration . Robert and Marin have proposed that symptoms of apathy may be separable.
Mammalian cystathionine β synthase  catalyzes the condensation of homocysteine with serine to form cystathionine and water in the first step of the transsulfuration pathway that yields cysteine. Presently, 140 mutations have been described and are listed at http://cbs.lf1.cuni.cz/index.php . The middle catalytic core has a pyridoxal 5′ phosphate  cofactor essential for catalysis and a CXXC disulfide oxidoreductase motif whose function has not been determined.
Bile acids  are essential for the normal digestion and absorption of lipids and vitamins . BAs activate the farnesoid X receptor , a nuclear receptor that regulates the expression of biosynthetic enzymes and binding proteins for BAs . BAs also rapidly activate signaling pathways and cellular functions that do not require transcription, including cAMP generation, calcium mobilization and activation of protein kinase C and mitogen activated protein kinases .
Vitamin B12 , or cobalamin, plays a key role in cellular metabolism and DNA synthesis. Prevalence rates of deficiency of 47 71% have been reported among adults. There is no standard definition of deficiency among children and there is a paucity of data on B12 status among Indian children.
Glioblastoma multiforme  is the highest grade primary glioma  with a median survival time of approximately 12 months . This poor survival rate is due to the inability of current therapies  to completely remove highly invasive tumor cells, resulting in the eventual regrowth of secondary tumors near the original resection cavity . In addition, the high heterogeneity of GBM tumors both among patients and within a given tumor confounds the identification of a single, highly efficient AAV serotype.
Human B7 H3  is a member of the B7/CD28 immunoglobulin superfamily which provides crucial costimulatory signals that regulate T cell functions in tumor surveillance, infections, and autoimmune diseases . Subsequently, a second dominantly expressed form of human B7 H3 that contains tandemly duplicated V like and C like Ig domain  was found . Moreover, tumor B7 H3 expression was correlated with patient poor survival in both clear cell renal cell carcinoma and urothelial cell carcinoma .
Cigarette’s addictive properties are largely due to the psychoactive effects of nicotine. Due to the relatively short half life of nicotine, approximately 2 hours, dependent smokers smoke at regular intervals to maintain nicotine levels. Therefore, factors that influence the intake or removal  of nicotine from the body can affect smoking behaviours such as the number of cigarettes smoked or the likelihood of cessation.
Farmers’ markets have been increasing in prevalence, and a 3.6% growth from 2012 to 2013 has led to 8,144 markets identified by the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s  directory. While such markets have traditionally benefitted medical center employees, new legislation  including the Affordable Care Act and related IRS requirements mandating that medical centers address community needs to maintain tax exempt status  could engender greater market outreach. However, little is known about medical center farmers’ markets customers and current outreach efforts .
Head and neck cancer  and its associated complications will account for 53,000 new cases and 13,000 deaths in 2013 . Thus, a means to prevent these pathologies would be highly desirable . Amifostine  is an organic thiophosphate prodrug under investigation for its cytoprotective capabilities in the setting of XRT.
The use of tacrolimus, a calcineurin inhibitor, to prevent solid organ transplant rejection is routinely guided by therapeutic blood level monitoring  . The pathogenesis of CNIT is complex and largely unpredictable . However, there is evidence that the drug concentration in kidney tissue is more predictive of CNIT than systemic blood concentration .
There is evidence that chronic infections might increase the risk for diabetogenesis. Studies have also examined the relationship between infection and early markers of impaired glucose metabolism to advance our understanding of the natural history of associations. Most research on this topic arises from designs using periodontal infection models to study the general hypothesis of microbial induced diabetes risk.
Benzene is an important industrial chemical and also a significant environmental pollutant . Benzene has to be metabolized to elicit toxicity to the blood and bone marrow . Benzene metabolites and ROS may affect mitochondrial function.
Men are typically assumed to respond more to visual sexual stimuli than women. The primary sex difference is whether the stimuli depict same or opposite sex actors. In contrast, women generally rate photos of both males and females comparably attractive or arousing .
The first case of human immunodeficiency virus  in Vietnam was reported in 1990. Heroin has replaced opium as the preferred illicit drug and the average age of drug users is declining. IDUs account for more than 56% of all reported HIV infections.
In vivo cellular level monitoring and probing of biological systems can be realized using different microscopy techniques. Pancreatic islets or islets of Langerhans are highly vascularized micro organs in which the blood vessels have a distinct and tortuous architecture . In rodents, they are composed of a core of β cells, which produce insulin .
The trigeminal sensory complex in the brainstem is the first relay in the central nervous system for facial somatosensation. The STN is divided into three subnuclei, subnuclei oralis , interpolaris  and caudalis   . The SpVi is further divided into a rostral and caudal component .
The locus coeruleus ,a small nucleus located in the pons, is the main source of brain norepinephrine especially for the hippocampus and forebrain. The activity of LC neurons is considered to be involved in numerous important functions including response to stress, attention, emotion, motivation, decision making, learning and memory. The greater neuronal loss was observed in the LC  compared with other subcortical nuclei  , and correlated to a reduced level of NE in the brain.
Colorectal cancer  remains the third most common cancer in both men and women and the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the U.S. National guidelines, including those from the United States Preventive Services Task Force and the American Cancer Society, recommend CRC screening for all men and women 50 years of age and older. While there is no ideal screening method, recommended screening modalities include fecal occult blood testing, sigmoidoscopy, colonoscopy, double contrast barium enema, as well as CT colonography and fecal DNA analysis. While studies suggest that up to 60% of colorectal cancer deaths could be prevented with routine CRC screening, a major barrier to decreasing colorectal cancer morbidity and mortality is poor utilization of CRC screening procedures.
Obstructive sleep apnea  is characterized by repeated episodes of upper airway obstruction that are associated with reductions in ventilation, arousals and/or oxyhemoglobin desaturations during sleep . OSA can lead to excessive daytime sleepiness and fatigue, which, in turn, may cause vehicular and industrial accidents . In addition to neurocognitive sequelae , OSA is associated with increased cardiovascular disease  morbidity and mortality  .
Effective communication and teamwork have been recognized as critical drivers of quality and safety in many “High Consequence” industries. High consequence industries are those in which critical procedures are conducted in environments of high complexity and failure is potentially catastrophic . Effective communication is particularly critical when processes are “tightly coupled” such that failures in one subsystem are directly reflected or even amplified in others, as may be the case in surgery.
Plasma high density lipoprotein  levels are inversely correlated with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and raising HDL levels by lifestyle changes or pharmacological interventions is an emerging strategy that might help to reduce the residual burden of disease in patients treated with Low density lipoprotein  lowering approaches , . While increasing synthesis or infusion of apolipoprotein A I  or HDL reduces atherosclerosis in animals and humans, it is not clear that all approaches to raising HDL will reduce atherosclerosis . The scavenger receptor B I  is a major factor regulating HDL catabolism.
Radiolabeled antibody targeting of tumor associated antigens often requires several days for adequate visualization of tumors due to the slow pharmacokinetics and accretion of intact antibodies in tumors . More recently, peptides substituted with the hapten, histamine succinyl glycine , in combination with anti HSG bsMAbs have provided a more flexible system, because these HSG substituted peptides can be conjugated with various chelating moieties . This study highlighted the exceptional sensitivity of the pretargeting procedure, but herein we also wanted to examine the specificity of pretargeting, and therefore included a model of sterile inflammation .
Amino acid based radiotracers target tumor cells through increased uptake by membrane associated amino acid transport  systems. In the present study, four structurally related non natural 18F labeled amino acids,   and  FAMP 1 and   and  MeFAMP 2 have been prepared and evaluated in vitro and in vivo for their potential utility in brain and systemic tumor imaging based upon primarily system A transport with positron emission tomography  . The transport of enantiomers of FAMP 1 and MeFAMP 2 was measured through in vitro uptake assays in human derived cancer cells including A549 , DU145 , SKOV3 , MDA MB468  and U87  in the presence and absence of amino acid transporter inhibitors.
Under physiological conditions, the endothelial cells play an important role in regulating vascular tone and in maintaining an anti thrombogenic layer through the release of substances such as nitric oxide  and prostacyclin . In this process, NO is produced by endothelial nitric oxide synthase  during the enzymatic conversion of L arginine to L citrulline , while PGI2 is formed from arachidonic acid  through a series of enzymatic conversions mediated by cyclooxygenase  and PGI2 synthase  . Both NO and prostacyclin can increase local tissue perfusion and maintain microvascular homeostasis by eliciting vasodilation and inhibiting platelet and inflammatory cell adherence to the vessel wall.
  The data used for this investigation came from the baseline assessment of an ongoing randomized control trial, “Project EARLY”, developed to test the efficacy of a one session motivational interviewing based intervention to reduce alcohol exposed pregnancy risk among women of child bearing age . The ruler is a simple visual analog scale that was originally developed for measuring motivational levels in smoking cessation , and has subsequently been used in different settings such as alcohol , needle exchange  and safe sex studies. The ruler also demonstrated good discriminant validity .
Hepcidin is a peptide hormone synthesized in the liver and is the principal regulator of systemic iron homeostasis. Hepcidin controls plasma iron concentration and tissue iron distribution by inhibiting intestinal iron absorption, iron recycling by macrophages, and iron mobilization from hepatic stores . The functional hepcidin molecule is derived from the 2 step conversion of an 84 amino acid long peptide, the preprohepcidin, by N terminus cleavage of a 24 amino acid signal peptide to give first rise to prohepcidin, followed by a second cleavage of a 35 amino acid peptide to yield the active 25 amino acid hepcidin .
Atherosclerosis is triggered by complex interactions between macrophages, smooth muscle cells and extracellular matrix molecules, following the pathologic build up of low density lipoproteins  within the vascular wall region. One promising avenue of interest in the treatment and prevention of cardiovascular disease is the use of a scavenger receptor inhibitor to prevent oxLDL uptake via scavenger receptors. OxLDL  stimulates foam cell formation through binding to macrophage scavenger receptors, which leads to unregulated cholesterol accumulation.
Non invasive prenatal testing  using cell free DNA has proven to be highly sensitive and specific for the detection of fetal aneuploidy  . NIPT works by analyzing circulating fetal DNA, whose concentration comprises between 340% of the total cell free DNA in maternal serum. Though invasive prenatal tests such as amniocentesis and chorionic villus sampling are currently the gold standard procedures for the diagnosis of fetal aneuploidy, the safety profile and early application  of NIPT have led to its use in pregnancies deemed as at risk for fetal aneuploidy based on standard first or second trimester aneuploidy screening, prior pregnancy history, or findings suggestive of aneuploidy on prenatal ultrasound exams.
Myelinating oligodendrocytes originate from well characterized oligodendrocyte progenitor cells  whose major source in the postnatal brain is the subventricular zone . While differentiated oligodendrocytes cannot migrate, OPCs migrate from SVZ into developing white matter where they can again divide, before finally differentiating and myelinating axons  . Both stimulatory and inhibitory signals have been found to regulate the timing and extent of OPC migration.
One way cancers arise is due to accumulation of varied types of genomic instabilities. These factors can cause DNA damage which if not repaired cause DNA replication forks to stall. Counteracting replication stress is partly dependent upon the structure specific nuclease family, which contain proteins that remove damaged DNA blocking the replication forks and process the various DNA intermediate structures to properly restart stalled forks, .
Constitutive MAPK activation is frequent in human cancer and is often the result of activating mutations in RAS  . Mutationally activated forms of RAS were first identified in the Harvey and Kirsten sarcoma viruses, in which they were determined to be oncogenic  . Shortly thereafter, somatic RAS mutations were detected in human tumors  .
Obesity is a primary risk factor for osteoarthritis; however, there is currently no comprehensive explanation for why obesity increases the risk of OA at sites throughout the body. Consequently, obesity is now considered a mild, chronic inflammatory disease. Leptin is a 16 kDa polypeptide hormone encoded by the obese  gene .
Persons living with HIV  in the US smoke cigarettes at approximately triple the rate of the general adult population, and tobacco use has emerged as a leading killer in the highly active antiretroviral therapy  era. One recent study concluded that 61% of deaths in PLWH were directly attributable to smoking, and that smoking reduced longevity by an average of 12 years . Smoking increases the risk of both opportunistic and “typical” infections in PLWH.
The mature mouse prostate is comprised of four bilaterally symmetric lobes: anterior, dorsal, lateral and ventral. Buds on the anterior UGE surface emerge first, as early as embryonic day  16.5, and give rise to anterior prostate ducts. The most fundamental aspect of the prostatic budding mechanism, how activation of ARs by fetal testosterone participates in bud initiation and patterning, remains unknown.
Cytoplasmic dynein is a large multisubunit motor protein implicated in the transport of membranous organelles, chromosomes and other cargos . Specifically, the IC, LIC  and LC  subunits have each been described as cargo binding subunits  . Given the potential role of dynactin in linking dynein to cargo, a regulated interaction between the ICs and p150Glued suggested that the ICs were responsible for cargo binding.
Carbon monoxide  is one of the more toxic agents present in the gas phase of tobacco smoke. It is a colourless, odourless, tasteless and non irritating gas formed when tobacco is not burned completely. It is present in mainstream smoke which is directly inhaled by an active smokers, at levels of 5 to 22 mg/cigarette.
Epigenetic dysfunction is a common and perhaps universal feature of human cancer. One facet of the epigenetic system that shows clear and dramatic differences between normal and cancer cells is DNA methylation. We have used an HMEC model system that allows for assessment of changes in DNA methylation that occur at the earliest stages of multi step human breast carcinogenesis.
The production of the vasodilator nitric oxide  by endothelial nitric oxide synthase  is critical for the maintenance of normal vasomotor function. Tetrahydrobiopterin  is an essential cofactor required for activity of eNOS. We and others have shown that the vascular endothelium is a major source of BH4 in the arterial wall.
Insulin like growth factor 1 receptor  represents a ubiquitously expressed heterotetrameric protein involved in the regulation of proliferation and metabolic function of many cell types . IGF 1Rα contains a ligand binding domain while IGF 1Rβ is involved in signaling and contains tyrosine phosphorylation sites. TSHR mediates the influence TSH exerts on specialized thyroidal function.
Chronic inflammatory disorders are relapsing and remitting conditions that reflect an underlying immune dysfunction. Current treatments for this group of diseases involve nonspecific suppression of the inflammatory processes with drugs, such as NSAIDS and steroids, antibiotics, and modulators of the immune response. DNA 6 TG has two properties that distinguish it from the canonical DNA bases.
There is increasing interest in chemical exchange saturation transfer contrast as several metabolites have been reported to be detectable by this approach in vivo , including amide protons in proteins , creatine , glutamate  and glucose . However, the signal of both endogenous DIACEST agents and exogenous PARACEST agents  may be altered by concomitant effects from direct saturation and semi solid magnetization transfer  . Recent studies have allowed insight into the interaction between direct water saturation and CEST, and showed that the effects add up inversely .
The mitochondrion has developed an elaborate translocation system with translocons on both the mitochondrial outer and inner membranes; proteins destined for the mitochondrion, termed precursors until they reach their correct location, utilize the Translocase of the Outer Membrane  complex and Translocase of Inner Membrane  complexes TIM23 and TIM22 to cross the outer and inner membranes, respectively. The TIM22 translocation system functions through the coordinated action of the Tim8Tim13 and Tim9Tim10 complexes and the insertion complex in the inner membrane. These substrates cross the TOM complex as a loop in an unfolded state.
Drug regimen adherence and long term systemic toxicities are notable risk factors for safety and efficacy of lifelong antiretroviral therapy . Others and we developed manufacturing techniques to package antiretroviral drugs into long acting nanoformulations for sustained drug release. Surprisingly, no previous studies correlated end organ or HIV affected disease outcomes with ART.
Familial ovarian cancer is under strong genetic control, with many known high penetrance genetic risk factors, such as the rare BRCA1/2 mutations . Similarly, a number of common, low penetrance susceptibility variants have been identified for invasive epithelial ovarian cancer  ; however, these known variants explain only a fraction of the genetic variation in EOC risk, requiring the consideration of the role of epigenetics and other regulatory elements in the development of EOC. While the role of blood based DNAm is less understood, it nonetheless has become a subject of interest in cancer research, given its potential as a biomarker for noninvasive early detection .
“An old time hominid would be liable to pay dearly, had s/he failed to recognize a pair of glowing dots in the bush at dark as the eyes of a predator, mistaking it for two fireflies” David Navon We tend to see faces in objects that have constituent parts resembling those of a face. This is an example of a phenomenon called pareidolia, which involves the perception of an ambiguous and random stimulus as significant, such as seeing faces in landscapes, clouds   or even in grilled toasts . Why and how do we tend to see faces in objects that have constituent parts resembling those of a face?
Periosteum contains a population of stem/progenitor cells that play key roles in cortical bone repair . During the first few days of fracture, hematoma is formed followed by infiltration of inflammatory cells and release of growth factors. The purpose of the current study is to use this established bone graft transplantation model to understand the role of COX 2 in the initiation of cortical bone healing .
The first tumor suppressor to be cloned was the retinoblastoma gene, Rb. Rb is mutated in approximately one third of all sporadic human tumors, but there is strong correlation with certain tumor types. For patients who carry germline Rb mutations, osteosarcoma is the second most common tumor type after retinoblastoma .
Numerous studies have shown that DNA efficiently mediates long range charge transport both in solution and at DNA modified surfaces. , Consequently, DNA electrochemistry has been exploited successfully in the development of simple assays for the rapid detection of single nucleotide polymorphisms, base lesions, and DNA/protein binding. Previously, the morphology of DNA SAMs on gold has been investigated by scanning tunneling microscopy , atomic force microscopy , and, most recently, scanning electrochemical microscopy .
Mesenchymal stem/stromal cells  are currently being investigated for a variety of clinical treatment applications. MSCs are being investigated for the treatment of cardiovascular disorders , diabetes, connective tissue disorders , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, nervous system disorders , kidney diseases and more., Effective preservation of MSCs is critical, in particular, for their use as a highly functional off the shelf therapy for patients. Development of MSC based therapies requires standardization of methods of culture and cryopreservation.
The intramural injection of BoNT/A into the urinary bladder has proven to be a useful therapeutic approach for the treatment of various bladder disorders including refractory idiopathic detrusor overactivity as well as neurogenic detrusor overactivity., Following uptake into nerve terminals BoNT/A is thought to affect bladder function by targeting intracellular proteins involved in exocytosis and then suppressing the release of transmitters from intramural nerves . Though most of the studies on mechanism of action have focused on bladder nerves and change in neural control of the smooth muscle, other cellular targets may also be involved in the therapeutic effects of the toxin. Recent evidence has suggested that BoNT/A may act in part by targeting afferent mechanisms., This may be due to a direct effect on afferent nerves or an indirect effect to block release of transmitters from the epithelial cells that line the bladder wall .
T cell receptor  affinity is a key parameter that dictates T cell fate decisions during development in the thymus and after encounter with antigens in the periphery. Therefore, the majority of self reactive T cells involved in autoimmune disease have escaped thymic selection due to the lower affinity of their TCRs and/or the lack of tissue specific antigen expressed in the thymus. These two mechanisms of escape can potentially result in a self reactive population of T cells with variable TCR affinities.
Three related ocular birth defectsanophthalmia, microphthalmia and colobomaare an important contributor to childhood visual impairment and blindness, impacting 2 out of 10,000 newborns annually. Mutations in the known genes account for merely ~15% of cases of anophthalmia, microphthalmia and coloboma. For the remaining patients, the lack of a specific molecular diagnosis prevents prediction of long term outcomes, anticipation of systemic complications and estimation of the recurrence risk in their families .
A fundamental process of B cells is the expression of different classes of antibodies to neutralize specific pathogens. The most abundant isotype, IgG, is comprised of four distinct subclasses , which provide comprehensive systemic immune protection by being equally present in both the blood and the extravascular fluids. Protein antigens characteristically invoke IgG1 and IgG3 responses whereas IgG2 often predominates in humoral responses to carbohydrate antigens .
Dendritic cells  are a promising target for gene therapeutic strategies to induce antitumor responses, as DC initiate immune responses by presenting tumor associated antigens  to naive T cells. Therapeutic strategies that target DC should aim for high transduction efficiency and specificity, as optimal TAA delivery to DC is critical for the therapeutic efficacy of DC based vaccination strategies. Adenovirus  based therapies are ideal for in vivo targeting and infection of DC, as adenoviruses can infect non replicating cells and can be genetically modified to express a TAA of choice.
A large body of work has shown that anxiety disorders aggregate within families . Indeed, family studies indicate that both children of parents with anxiety disorders  and parents of children with anxiety disorders  display higher rates of anxiety disorders than do relatives of family members without anxiety disorders. Although these findings suggest that the transmission of anxiety within families is biological/genetic, quantitative behavioral genetic studies demonstrate that environmental factors have a prominent role in the etiology of anxiety disorders.
CVID is the most commonly diagnosed primary immunodeficiency , likely due to the variety of clinical presentations, although more than 90% of analyzed CVID patients lack a definitive genetic defect . A key characteristic of CVID is poor antibody production, especially IgG, in response to infection or immunization; however, many patients also exhibit symptoms of abnormal T cell function and immune dysregulation . In a recent clinical study of 313 CVID subjects, patients who developed recurring infections but not autoimmunity showed modest decreases in both class switched memory B cells and naïve CD4+ T cells, while patients with more severe sequelae such as chronic enteropathy showed a greater loss of these cells .
Ovarian cancer has the highest mortality rate among gynecological malignancies, and is currently the fourth most common cancer in women. The etiology of ovarian cancers involves both genetic and epigenetic alterations, although the underlying mechanisms are not well understood  and references therein). Recently, the expression of linker histone variants has been suggested as potential biomarkers for ovarian cancers .
Hyperpolarization activated current, Ih or If, contributes to many cellular functions such as resting membrane potential, synaptic transmission, and rhythmic activity in neurons and myocytes . One of the unique features about this current is its distinct properties in different tissues . The current is generated by the hyperpolarization activated cyclic nucleotide gated  pacemaker channels.
Toxic red tides  were reported along the Florida Gulf coast by Spanish explorers in the 1500s with written documentation in the 1840s . The most prevalent HABs along the Florida Gulf coast are caused by the dinoflagellate, K. brevis  . The parent algal toxins  undergo metabolic changes producing the suite of PbTx as the bloom matures.
Praziquantel, the drug of choice against schistosomiasis,  has shown excellent safety and therapeutic effect against schistosomiasis morbidity. Praziquantel became available in 1979, but had never been studied in pregnant or lactating women hence, although presumed safe in pregnancy based on animal studies, was widely withheld from pregnant or lactating women during treatment programmes . In 2002, an informal consultation by the World Health Organisation reviewed experience on use of praziquantel in pregnancy.
A major bottleneck in structural studies of membrane proteins is their expression and subsequently purification to homogeneity. We have previously demonstrated that a single soluble protein can be produced in E. coli by the method termed the single protein production  . In this system, MazF, an mRNA interferase, is induced, which functions as an ACA specific endoribonuclease to eliminate almost all cellular mRNAs.
Circulating tumor cells  captured from peripheral blood recently were shown to predict disease outcome and therapy response in cancer patients . Currently, CTCs are isolated from blood by methods which rely on immuno magnetic binding of cell surface epithelial cell adhesion molecules , an expensive, labor intense approach that is limited to EpCAM expressing tumors . We previously reported an alternative platform using a novel parylene C pore microfilter which traps CTCs quickly and efficiently based on their size differential from other blood cells .
We have reported that levels of pituitary adenylate cyclase activating polypeptide  and a single nucleotide polymorphism  within an estrogen response element  for the PAC1 receptor gene were correlated with post traumatic stress disorder  in women, while PAC1 gene methylation correlated with PTSD in both men and women . More recent studies linking PTSD , , major depressive disorder  and schizophrenia  with PACAP gene SNP associations have also contributed to a growing interest in understanding a role for PACAP systems in stress related psychopathologies . PACAP has been called a “master regulator” of stress responses .
Characterizing EGJ barrier function is complicated by both its dynamic nature and complex anatomy. Over the years, a variety of manometric methodologies and metrics have been proposed to quantify this enigmatic sphincter: sphincter length and respiratory inversion point  were described to determine the intra abdominal lower esophageal sphincter  length as a predictor of fundoplication efficacy . Early on, it was recognized that there was substantial asymmetry of these closure forces both radially and along the length of the sphincter.
Platinum based drugs, namely cisplatin, carboplatin, and oxaliplatin are regularly used to treat solid tumours., Although many details of the molecular mechanism of cytotoxicity of platinum drugs have been elucidated, nuances continue to be discovered. The current consensus is that cisplatin and its derivatives bind genomic DNA, forming DNA cross links that block DNA synthesis/transcription and cell cycle progression that ultimately induce tumour cell death. Platinum compounds that bind to DNA non covalently show promising antineoplastic properties and are now recognised as viable alternatives to conventional platinum drugs, which form irreversible covalent DNA adducts.
Neuronal protection or prevention of neuronal degeneration has been identified as therapeutic targets for many neurodegenerative diseases. Parkinson’s disease  is the second most common neurodegenerative disease and afflicts ~1.8 % of the population by age 65 years . Although, the majority  of PD cases are sporadic and the underlying molecular causes are unknown, postmortem studies have showed the involvement of several predisposing factors including viral infection and environmental toxins such as MPTP .
Kidney development is a complex process, consisting of two distinct embryological origins, the nephrogenic  and the ductogenic  . Upon induction by the ureteric bud, the metanephric mesenchyme undergoes a series of morphogenic events resulting in ingrowth of the ureteric bud into the metanephric blastema, mesenchymal to epithelial transition, and formation of tubules of the mature nephron . Wilms tumour , the most common paediatric kidney cancer, can be considered a failure of this transition.
The HIV epidemic in Kenya varies by local context. National HIV prevalence in Kenya is 8% for the adult population 1549. According to a modes of transmission study in Kenya, heterosexual unions  are the largest source for new infections, followed by causal heterosexual sex , female sex workers  and clients , men who have sex with men  and prison populations , injecting drug users IDUs  and health facility related infections .
Identifying host factors that function in the replication of positive strand RNA viruses is a major goal in molecular virology. Compared to the study of host proteins involved with the viral proteins and RNA determinants required for picornavirus negative strand RNA synthesis, much less work has been aimed at determining the factors necessary for positive strand RNA synthesis. However, it is possible that the treatment utilized in these early studies released nuclear proteins into the cytoplasm of the treated cells due to disruption of the nuclear envelope.
In chronically ill populations, the effective interaction between clinicians and patients hinges on the active involvement of patients in their own health care . In populations with diabetes, baseline self efficacy and improvement in self efficacy over time were associated with positive health effects and increased adherence to a healthy lifestyle . In populations with cardiovascular conditions, higher activation promoted less frequent visits to primary care providers , greater adherence to medical regiments and dietary restrictions, and decreased number of hospital admissions .
The antimicrobial properties of silver and more specifically ionic silver  have been recognized and utilized for centuries. Generally applied as an external treatment, Ag+ is delivered via silver compounds such as silver  sulfadiazine . Most causative pathogens related to burns and chronic wound infections are susceptible to the levels of AgSD attainable topically.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging  data has been extensively used to study the neural basis of perception, cognition, and emotion. Traditionally, these studies have focused on locating brain regions showing task related changes in neural activity, for example, greater activity during an experimental task than during a baseline state . The simplest approach to functional connectivity analyses simply compares the correlation between regions of interest, or between a “seed” region and other voxels throughout the brain.
Patients with inflammatory bowel diseases , ulcerative colitis ) are at increased risk for venous thromboembolism  and associated morbidity and mortality, . Inflammation is key determinant of VTE risk in IBD with ambulatory flares and hospitalization being associated with increased risk , , , . As the absolute VTE risk is greatest during hospitalization, experts recommend routine thromboprophylaxis in such settings, .
The prevalence and severity of atopic diseases, including allergic asthma, rhinitis, and eczema have increased dramatically in recent years . Allergic diseases involve the allergen induced Th2 response characterized by the production of Th2 cytokines, including IL 4, IL 5, and IL 13 critical in the development of the allergic response. Mast cells are critical tissue based effector cells that mediate IgE dependent allergic responses .
Dopaminergic neurons provide a critical modulatory influence in reward seeking , prediction error  and reinforcement . Under basal conditions these transients occur at highly variable frequencies with amplitudes of ~ 50 nM and durations of ~ 1 s . The most likely cause of dopamine transients is phasic firing of dopaminergic neurons in the VTA.
Many words in English have multiple meanings, making them ambiguous in isolation. These different meaning may be more or less related , or have different roots altogether . In a series of papers, Chapman and colleagues examined homograph processing in schizophrenia and argued that schizophrenic thought was biased towards strong associates of dominant meanings even if contextually inappropriate.
Dendritic cells  are key inducers of adaptive immunity and tolerance, as well as regulators of innate immunity. It is common to sub divide DCs into plasmacytoid DCs  and conventional DCs  . Mouse models to deplete DCs have proven useful tools to elucidate DC function in vivo.
Mammalian reticulocyte type 15 lipoxygenase  1 constitutes a family of enzymes with molecular weights of approximately 75 kDa . Their enzymatic activity results in the stereospecific insertion of an oxygen molecule at C 15 of arachidonic acid to form the lipid hydroperoxide 15 HpETE, which is reduced in cells to the lipid hydroxide 15 HETE. Although the exact biological role of 15 LO 1 is still not clear, it has been frequently linked to inflammation and atherosclerosis .
The factors that control the proliferation of Müller glia in the retina are important to understand for both proliferative disease states and potentially for regenerative medicine approaches to treat retinal degenerations. Although Müller glia do not proliferate under normal conditions, they can enter the mitotic cell cycle in some pathological states. For example, retinal detachment induces Müller glial proliferation in many species and these cells contribute to the accumulation of periretinal cellular membranes that characterize proliferative vitreoretinopathy  .
Humans can be exposed to various kinds of ionizing radiation, including the diagnostic X rays, nuclear medicine and radiotherapy routinely used in clinics, radionuclides such as radon, potassium, uranium and nuclear waste, radiological weapons, and high energy particle radiation from galactic and solar cosmic rays . Bone marrow stem cells are among the most radiosensitive cells in the human body. Ionizing radiation impairs hematopoiesis through a variety of mechanisms.
Asthma, a chronic treatable disease, affects more than 18 million US adults. Blacks have 3.3 times the emergency department  visits, 2.2 times the hospitalizations, and 2 times the death rate for asthma compared to whites. Other ethnic groups including Puerto Ricans also experience increased morbidity., This is a report of the feasibility, acceptability, and preliminary effectiveness of such an intervention, called a Patient Advocate  intervention .
Atrial fibrillation  is increasingly managed by radiofrequency ablation, in which left atrial  tissue is ablated around the pulmonary vein  antra to create scar with a primary goal of electrically isolating the pulmonary veins , . Further ablation to the posterior wall, roof or septum varies from center to center and is largely operator dependent . To guide ablation, preprocedural magnetic resonance angiography  or computerized tomography angiography is commonly acquired, segmented in an electroanatomic mapping  system, and merged with real time LA geometry to create a 3D model of the LA.
Tea tree oil  extracted from Melaleuca alternifolia is a complex hydrocarbon mixture that exhibits broad spectrum antimicrobial activity . Preliminary trials suggest that TTO formulations may be effective in the treatment and management of acne and fungal infections and could be useful in bacterial pathogen decolonization protocols . The bactericidal activity of TTO is primarily attributed to its ability to permeabilize the membrane, but it also affects cell wall structure and function .
Vertical transmission of various DNA and RNA viruses among humans  and animals  is well documented. Murine polyoma virus has been implicated in intrauterine infections in mice . Studies based on assays for IgM class antibody to BKV and JC virus  in umbilical cord blood samples found no evidence for congenital transmission .
Nevirapine  was the first non nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor approved for use in combination therapy of HIV 1 infection . NVP based regimens have since gained a significant role in HIV treatment guidelines , due to the high efficacy levels of the drug, favorable lipid profile, and suitability for use during pregnancy . Moreover, whereas no direct correlation between NVP administration and the development of cancer in humans has been reported, an association between the use of non nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors and an increased incidence of Non AIDS Defining Cancers in HIV 1 positive patients has been suggested .
Immune response are initiated to tumor associated antigens in cancer patients, however, these responses are relatively ineffective as evident from the continued tumor growth and disease progression . Tumors have utilized various mechanisms to evade the immune system . For example tumor cells can promote immune escape by causing destruction of immune T effector cells .
Massive perivillous fibrin deposition  and maternal floor infarction are related placental lesions characterized by extensive deposition of fibrinoid material inthe intervillous space, and associated with hypoplastic and sclerosis of the engulfedvilli. The mechanisms responsible for MPFD are unknown., The fetus is the most successful semi allograft. Therefore, maternal immunetolerance of the fetus is essential for successful pregnancy.
Correct development requires regulation of the number of cells and the types of cell produced in each region. Regulating the numbers of postmitotic cells generated in the cortex requires control of two key aspects of proliferation:  the length of the cell cycle and  the proportion of newly generated cells that re enter the cell cycle as opposed to leaving it to differentiate. A number of cell cycle regulators and transcription factors, including Pax6, have been implicated in the control of these processes .
In the United States it is estimated that 5% of pregnant women are infected with Chlamydia trachomatis, and as a result, nearly 3.5 million newborns become infected at the time of delivery. Approximately 30% of the infants exposed to C. trachomatis in the birth canal develop conjunctivitis and 10% to 20% show symptoms of pneumonia . In addition, newborns may have vaginal and gastrointestinal tract infections with no known clinical consequences .
The missing data mechanism is often not thoroughly evaluated as part of the analytic strategy in many substance use disorder  randomized clinical trials . This investigation considers two missing data assumptions. The first assumption of missing at random  indicates that observed scores can effectively predict the propensity or probability of missing data and after controlling for these observed scores, missing data is unrelated to UA results.
The efficiency of cysteine rich proteins and peptides, e.g. metallothioneins and phytochelatins, in removing harmful heavy metals from the cells and tissues,,  has inspired assessment of cysteine as an eco friendly agent for extracting heavy metals from a contaminated environment. Moreover, the ability of cysteine to capture heavy metals including lead from polluted water can be important in the development of new materials with potential use in drainage and wastewater treatment. Bizri and co workers also reported formation constants for the above complexes, except for Pb34− and Pb23−, but included a Pb− complex; see .
Atrial fibrillation  is a condition characterized by rapid, erratic electrical activation of the atrial myocardium, resulting in loss of effective contractility, an increased likelihood of clot formation and an increased risk of stroke. The rapid atrial contraction may be conducted to the ventricle exacerbating ventricular function and predisposing to heart failure. In addition, to causing substantial morbidity, AF is associated with increased mortality independent of coexisting risk factors.
During the past three decades, the relationship between maternal hemoglobin level and fetal outcome has been examined at length. Maternal anemia has long been considered a risk factor for poor pregnancy outcome . In addition, elevated hemoglobin levels have also emerged as being predictive of intrauterine growth restriction  .
The vertebrate Pax gene family was identified based on sequence homology to a subset of Drosophila segmentation genes that encode a conserved DNA binding domain called the paired box. These UB tip associated Cap mesenchyme cells  continue to express Pax2 and are the stem cells of the nephron that generate all of the epithelial derivatives, including distal, proximal and glomerular epithelium . However, Pax2 expression is down regulated in the podocyte precursor cells and in the mature epithelial cells of the nephron as development comes to an end  .
The World Health Organization estimates that 50 million dengue virus infections occur each year within the nearly two fifths of the world population living in areas at risk for dengue transmission. Co circulation of the four serotypes of DENV, DENV 1 4, along with the increased risk for severe disease during secondary DENV infections represents a serious global health problem. With no reliable immunocompetent animal model available to mimic sequential human DENV infections, ex vivo studies on human samples are necessary to investigate the mechanisms for increased disease severity during heterologous secondary DENV infections .
Elderly persons experience epilepsy at age specific rates higher than any other age group . They may be especially vulnerable to the sequelae of seizures and their treatment, and may experience worsened health related quality of life as compared to their age mates . Furthermore, well recognized co morbidities of epilepsy such as depression, anxiety, and sleep disorders  occur with increasing frequency with advancing age  and merit examination in this special population .
Examination of spontaneous fluctuations in the blood oxygen level dependent  signal during functional magnetic resonance imaging  data acquisition reveals patterns of coordinated activity across distant anatomic sites within the brain. The default mode, salience, dorsal attention, and control networks in particular have been heavily studied in cognitive aging, Alzheimer’s disease, schizophrenia, and autism among other disorders . Additionally, fcMRI will be used as a secondary outcome measure in at least three major Alzheimer’s disease prevention trials  .
Histone deacetylase  inhibition is a promising epigenetic strategy for cancer treatment, and several distinct small molecule histone deacetylase inhibitors  have been reported. However, most HDACi, including the clinically approved agents, non selectively inhibit the deacetylase activity of class I and II HDACs, and many suffer from metabolic instability. Most HDACi fit a three motif pharmacophoric model consisting of a zinc binding group , a linker, and a surface recognition cap group.
Vitamin A deficiency  is a major public health problem in many developing countries, including India. India has the largest percentage as well as the largest absolute number of vitamin A deficient children in the world. The Lancet child survival series lists vitamin A supplementation among the key interventions achievable at a large scale that have proven potential to reduce the number of preventable child deaths each year.
The incidence of cardiovascular disease in the United States  and other high income countries is higher in low socio economic status  and minority ethnic groups , with SES disparities reflecting not just a threshold effect of poverty versus non poverty, but rather a risk gradient across the SES range . Indeed, low SES and minority ethnic groups do report higher values of risk factors for cardiovascular disease  . If SES associations with risk indeed do vary by race/ethnicity, then in any study of ethnic disparities, SES effects cannot be completely controlled simply by including SES indicators as covariates in regression .
Due to inadequate water and sanitation services in many parts of the world, 780 million people do not have access to clean, potable water sources. One of the possible solutions to reducing the microbial contamination of drinking water is small scale or point of use  systems for water treatment. There is growing interest in using nontoxic reducing agents, such as amino acids and reducing sugars, for nanoparticle synthesis.
Approximately 60 percent of epilepsy disorders are classified as partial epilepsy, of which temporal lobe epilepsy involving the hippocampus is the most common . Electrical high frequency stimulation  is an alternative treatment for seizure disorders. However, the mechanisms of seizure suppression remain unclear, and multiple mechanisms are most likely involved  .
Bone modeling and remodeling take place throughout life to continuously adapt and renew bone tissue. Mechano responsiveness in many cell types is mediated by integrins, heterodimeric, signal transducing transmembrane glycoproteins that link extracellular matrix constituents and in some cases co receptors on adjoining cell surfaces to intracellular elements of the actin cytoskeleton . All bone cell types express integrins , and osteocytes in particular were reported to express integrins of both β1 and β3 families .
Normal development requires precisely regulated levels of cell survival, apoptosis, proliferation, and differentiation. Increased levels of cell survival, uncontrolled proliferation, or failure to differentiate are often associated with oncogenesis. The group A family includes mammalian Pak1, Pak2, and Pak3 , whereas group B includes Pak4, Pak5, and Pak6 .
Neuroblastoma is the most common and deadly solid tumor of childhood and the most common cancer of infancy, accounting for about 15% of all pediatric cancer deaths . Neuroblastoma is characterized by biological and genetic heterogeneity that leads to diverse, often unpredictable, clinical behavior, from spontaneous regression to widespread dissemination . We and others have shown that the pattern of expression of NTRK family gene expression contributes to this clinical diversity  .
The number of Americans over the age of 65 is expected to double between 2000 and 2050. Like most elderly, elderly prostate cancer patients will likely acquire a higher number of maladies, both physical and psychosocial, with advancing age. Substance use disorder is an important comorbidity.
Systemic lupus erythematosus  is a complex, chronic multi system autoimmune inflammatory disease that targets young women and men . The up to 20% of SLE patients who are diagnosed during childhood, i.e. prior to the age of 16 years , tend to experience a more severe disease course than those with disease onset later on in life . Various measures of global disease activity have been developed for SLE in adults and subsequent validation confirmed these indices have concurrent validity for measuring disease activity with cSLE .
Because the targeting of nanoparticles and polymers to cell membranes shows promise for biomedical applications, such as antitumor therapeutics and drug delivery,  the interactions between membranes and nanoparticles have been widely studied. Polyamidoamine  dendrimers are among the best candidates due to their controlled mass, water solubility, and surface functionality. , These studies have shown that charged G5 and G7 dendrimers can, respectively, expand existing holes, and initiate hole formation in lipid bilayers.
In the United States, hepatitis C viral  infection is the leading cause of chronic liver disease including cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma , the most serious complication of the viral infection . HCC is the third leading cause of cancer death in the world and a cancer with continuously increasing incidence in the United States . Approximately 80% of HCC is associated with chronic viral infections world wide  and, in the US, 50 60% of HCC patient are HCV infected  .
Arterial stiffness, which occurs most notably in the large, elastic arteries , is a hallmark of the aging process and is characterized by fragmentation and degeneration of elastin, increases in collagen, wall thickening, and progressive dilation . These structural changes are accompanied by increases in the pulse wave velocity, which causes the reflected wave to reach the heart at systole instead of diastole and pulsatile flow to extend further into the microcirculation. Accordingly, arterial stiffness is emerging as a key risk factor for atherosclerosis, myocardial infarction, stroke, dementia, renal disease, and mortality  .
Non invasive methods such as magneto  and electroencephalography  and functional magnetic resonance imaging  provide means to examine neural activity in various ways, for example, by determining locations, sequences, and connectivity patterns among regions in the human brain . In addition to these measures, identifying inter area communication in terms of the hierarchical organization of functional brain areas would be highly relevant in the quest for understanding the operation of the brain. Characteristic anatomical laminar distributions of input and output connections between cortical areas have been described as being of feedforward, feedback, or lateral type, thereby defining a hierarchical organization among the areas .
Ewing sarcoma  is the second most common primary bone tumor in childhood and is characterized by the EWS/FLI 1 translocation . Despite multimodal approaches to therapy, only 60% of patients with localized disease are cured. The EWS/FLI 1 fusion gene encodes for a transcription factor, which results in abnormal growth.
In phonosurgery, injection laryngoplasty is an effective procedure for patients suffering from a variety of vocal pathologies. This procedure can be used for the medialization of paralyzed vocal folds for alleviating glottic insufficiency, where implantable biomaterials are usually injected lateral to the vocal fold lamina propria. Various phonosurgical biomaterials have been used for vocal fold injection, where they should be non immunogenic, non allergic, easy to inject, long lasting, and have optimal viscoelastic properties in order to facilitate phonation, particularly for those materials injected into the lamina propria or cover.
Allometric scaling is an empirical approach developed based on cross species similarities in anatomy, physiology, and biochemistry with a power function correlating physiological parameters with body size . It is known that allometric projections generally work well for drugs mainly renally eliminated. To improve the predictability of metabolic CL in humans, several modified scaling methods have been suggested and examined.
Approximately 20 % of women have moderate to severe premenstrual symptoms that they perceive as distressing and which impact their work and/or social relationships . PMDD is classified as a “depressive disorder not otherwise specified” in the American Psychiatric Association’s Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fourth edition  . Recently, another study reported that women with significant premenstrual symptoms were subjectively sleepier in the late luteal phase than in their own follicular phase, and compared with the luteal phase of a group of women with minimal symptoms.
Recognition of a class I MHC presented antigenic peptide by a T cell receptor  of a cytotoxic T lymphocyte  is essential for lymphocyte activation and the initiation of an antigen specific immune response. The Wilms Tumor 1 transcription factor  is overexpressed in many cancers, including both hematopoetic and solid tumors. The epitope spanning residues 126134  is presented by the class I MHC HLA A*0201  and is considered a promising lead for therapeutic vaccine development .
Smoking exposes the respiratory mucosa to carcinogens in a “field cancerization” process . Smokers develop bronchial lesions in a multistep set of pre invasive stages preceding the development of invasive lung cancer. The administration of chemopreventive agents may thus be more effective than local treatment in reducing the risk of developing lung cancer.
The study of adaptive behavior has been central to clinical assessment of Autism Spectrum Disorders  and to advancing understanding of ASD though research. As such, the development of the Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales , which measure the functional use of communication, social, daily living, and motor skills needed in every day life, has greatly improved our understanding of patterns of adaptive behavior in individuals with ASD. Furthermore, while autism severity, IQ, and age, have been found to independently relate to daily living skills in young children , there is little research on early predictors of daily living skills trajectories.
Rheumatoid arthritis  is the most common autoimmune disease affecting more than one million adults in the United States . Genes that encode these proteins are also methotrexate  response genes . MTX is a potent inhibitor of dihydrofolate reductase  causing depletion of tetrahydrofolate and cell cycle arrest .
The development of social competence, frequently defined as children's ability to initiate and maintain effective interactions with their peers , is a fundamental task during early childhood and a robust predictor of later mental health as well as social and academic outcomes . Temperament theory and research has proven to be important in identifying the foundation of childhood social competence by showing that variation in children's temperamental predispositions may influence the processes that support or hinder socially competent behaviors . Although various temperament dimensions and types have been investigated for their role in the development of children's social competence, additional research is needed regarding the development of socially competent behaviors in children varying in their approach to novelty specifically.
Drug delivery to the brain represents a major hurdle in the management of primary central nervous system  tumors. Radiation, chemotherapy and gross total resection serve little to significantly change the prognosis of patients diagnosed with this fatal disease. As a result, researchers have developed several new strategies to treat CNS neoplasms, such as the local delivery of biologically therapeutic agents.
Nitric oxide  is a gaseous signalling molecule that serves diverse functions throughout the body. NO can also be synthesized and released by other cell types in the gastrointestinal tract, including smooth muscle, macrophages and other immune cells, and interstitial cells of Cajal . Deficiency in the synthesis or release of NO by myenteric neurons contributes to impaired gastric motility and delayed gastric emptying in animal models of diabetes .
Sustained cardiac hypertrophy is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events and death . The molecular mechanisms underlying the maladaptive features of cardiac hypertrophy remain incompletely understood. Recent reports show that incongruent cardiac angiogenesis and myocyte hypertrophy plays a role in the transition from compensated to decompensated cardiac hypertrophy .
Approximately 450,000 Americans suffer cardiac arrests  annually, with 80% of them occurring out of hospital. The survival rate of out of hospital CA is less than 10%. Currently, neuroprotective therapies such as hypothermia are applied without objective measures of neuronal function or therapeutic response.
Valvular stenosis is the leading cause of aortic heart valve failure in the United States, a disease that affects roughly 23% of the population over the age of 65 . Over time, chronic activation of VICs likely leads to increased fibrosis of the valve leaflets and the formation of bone like calcified nodules. In the case of valvular stenosis, results have been mixed.
Translation initiation is deregulated in many human cancers including breast, head and neck, colorectal, bladder, prostate, lung, cervical cancers and lymphomas . eIF4E enhances nucleocytoplasmic transport for selected mRNA such as cyclin D1. Thus, eIF4E expression effects the expression of important regulators of cell growth and survival.
Hispanics are the fastest growing minority group in the USA . Indeed, CRC screening with colonoscopy allows for the prevention of CRC. All the more troubling is that CRC screening rates are low even for Hispanics who receive routine medical care and, thus, do not count this as a barrier to care .
CGG repeat length at the FMR1 locus is related to premature ovarian failure  and possibly to other manifestations of accelerated ovarian aging. The 5' untranslated region of the FMR1 gene has a polymorphic CGG repeat. Among POF women with normal karyotypes, 210% are premutation carriers,  compared with <1% of the general population .
It has long been observed that subjects with Parkinson's disease  have decreased olfactory sensation . Attempts to use tests of olfaction for clinical diagnosis have had mixed results, however, due to loss of olfactory ability in other conditions as well . Lewy bodies and synucleinopathy have been reported to be present in the olfactory bulbs of subjects with PD and dementia with Lewy bodies  as well as asymptomatic subjects with incidental Lewy body disease  , suggesting that olfactory bulb synucleinopathy is present in several Lewy body disorders and occurs at an early stage of disease.
Bacterial lipoproteins are a ubiquitous subclass of membrane proteins characterized by peripheral association via a covalent N terminal acyl modification . Precursors are synthesized in the cytoplasm with a signal II peptide containing a ‘lipobox’ lipidation motif ending in an absolutely conserved Cys . In diderm , e.g. Gram negative bacteria, cleavage of the signal peptide and Cys lipidation occurs on the periplasmic side of the inner membrane  after Sec dependent translocation .
The visualization of a newly synthesized proteome has been hindered so far by the fact that proteins, new and old, share the same pool of amino acids and thus are chemically indistinguishable. The proteome of a neuron is a dynamic entity  tightly regulated by protein synthesis and degradation to maintain homeostasis or to adapt to changing environmental conditions. Many studies of behavioral and synaptic plasticity have demonstrated that longlasting changes in synaptic transmission and behavior require both gene transcription and mRNA translation .
The molecular circadian clock consists of interlocking feedback loops in which clock gene products regulate their own expression . In a second feedback loop, CLK CYC activate the basic leucine zipper transcription factors Pdp1ε and vrille . PDP1ε expression lags behind that of VRI, and the sequential repression and activation may be the driving force behind rhythmic Clk expression .
Bacterial peptidoglycan  comprises a glycan backbone containing alternating β linked N acetylglucosamine  and N acetylmuramic acid  residues that are cross linked by peptide chains of varying composition  . The bacterial cell wall is continuously expanded and renewed . Bacterial PG hydrolases  are produced by bacteria throughout their life cycle, and target either the PG sugar backbone or the peptide chains; they are involved in the regulation of cell wall growth, recycling and maturation of PG, and the separation of daughter cells .
The most anterior part of the cerebral cortex — area 10 or frontal pole cortex ,  — is the largest area in the prefrontal cortex of humans, one that expanded disproportionately during human evolution. FPC has reciprocal connections with most prefrontal areas , and its cells have an unusually high density and number of dendritic spines. These properties suggest that FPC plays a pivotal role in prefrontal function .
Antigen independent B cell development from hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells is a complex process, closely coordinated with the generation of functional antigen receptors . Furthermore, a functional role in coordinating the development of B cells was suggested by Foxp1’s ability to bind to enhancer elements within the Rag gene loci . Foxp1 is a forkhead transcription factor with functions in tissue and cell type specific gene expression and its targeted deletion is lethal in embryogenesis, mainly due to cardiac defects  .
In vitro and in vivo models of cryptosporidial infection have been limited by the lack of close approximation to human intestinal environment and variability in the physiologic responses to the pathogen. However, there is always the question of whether these current models of infection are physiologically relevant to humans. Furthermore, results of interventional studies in vitro may be drastically different and available animal models are cumbersome and again, may not be representative of what actually occurs in humans in vivo.
The migration of leukocytes into sites of immune challenge is characteristic of inflammation ,  and is tightly controlled by soluble   and immobilized chemical gradients . For instance, the Boyden chamber can be used to directly assess population averaged migration in one direction  but can only indirectly assess other patterns of migration . The Dunn and Zigmond chambers and micropipette techniques allow for single cell resolution  , however, the ability to differentiate among different migration patterns is hampered by large variations in speed and directionality, which is typical for cells migrating on flat surfaces.
Defining the principles of ligand binding and allostery are important for understanding small molecule signaling in cellular physiology, and for developing improved therapeutic agents. However, allosteric modulators, including ligands for nuclear receptors  , kinases, and GPCRs , can induce graded signaling outcomes, through mechanisms that are as yet poorly understood . Nuclear steroid hormone receptors, such as estrogen receptor α , are allosterically regulated transcription factors that undergo ligand driven conformational selection ,,.
Macrophage effector function significantly influences the quality, duration and magnitude of innate immune responses. It is now appreciated that there are multiple macrophage phenotypes that carry out differential functions and elicit divergent effects on surrounding cells. This functional diversity reflects a complex interplay between intrinsic differentiation pathways and inputs received from the microenvironment, particularly cytokines .
Over the last few years the use of next generation sequencing technologies has lead to new insights in both population and disease genetics, by providing a more complete characterization of DNA sequences than is possible using genome wide micro arrays. For example, the 1000 Genomes project  is using 4× coverage sequencing of ~2,500 samples from a diverse set of worldwide populations . A consequence of the low coverage sequencing is that some genotypes are only partially observed, and directly calling genotypes one site at a time can lead to low quality call rates  .
Preterm prelabor rupture of membranes  causes one third of preterm births and contributes to significant perinatal morbidity and mortality. However, the current understanding of MIAC derives largely from cultivation dependent studies. Molecular methods offer a sensitive, cultivation independent approach for detecting microbes.
A remarkable convergence of evidence has demonstrated that even though distinct classes of drugs of abuse, e.g. opiates and nicotine, differ in their primary sites of action, they share common downstream effects that underlie their reinforcing properties . This consensus view has emerged most clearly from studies demonstrating that multiple drugs of abuse increase dopamine levels in the nucleus accumbens, findings that have focused attention on the mesolimbic dopamine pathway as playing a central role in mediating the rewarding properties of drugs of abuse. Thus, even though the pattern of physical signs induced by withdrawal varies across different classes of drugs of abuse, recent studies suggest that the aversive responses induced by drug withdrawal may be mediated by a common mechanism .
Infiltration of activated monocytes into the brain is involved in the development of several neurological disorders including HIV associated dementia , multiple sclerosis, and others. In addition, the blood brain barrier  is often altered in inflammatory diseases and is implicated in their pathogenesis . Proinflammatory cytokines such as TNF α and interleukins, as well as viral proteins such as the HIV 1 envelope glycoprotein gp120, have been shown to contribute to BBB dysfunction .
Stem cells are a potentially valuable component of intervertebral disc tissue engineering strategies that may, in the future, provide a minimally invasive low back pain treatment. Rodents are desirable models for disc repair studies due to their low cost, ease of care, and fast healing times . Tail discs are advantageous because of easy surgical access that allows multiple discs to be treated within each animal .
Although the immune system can deal with most pathogens well, certain microbial infections, such as HIV , can directly target immune cells, preventing the host from generating an effective pathogen specific immunity. Similarly, the immune system can often fail to suppress the growth of tumors, largely due to a low number of tumor reactive T cells and/or an anergy of T cells that is induced by tumor cells . One approach is to use allogeneic effector T cells from appropriate donors .
A series of recent studies have reported on ordering transitions induced in micrometer thick films of liquid crystals  that are caused by the self assembly of amphiphiles at aqueous interfaces of LC films. Additional experiments have also revealed that  the phase behavior of monolayers of DLPC formed at the interfaces of the nematic LC is substantially different from that observed in the absence of the nematic ordering of the LC, and  that binding of proteins  to these lipid laden LC interfaces leads to easily visualized ordering transitions in the LCs. , Whereas an increasingly complete understanding of the assembly of phospholipids at aqueous interfaces of LCs is emerging, in this paper, we move to report on the assembly of glycolipids at aqueous LC interfaces.
The hypertensive disorders of pregnancy , gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, are major causes of intrauterine growth restriction and preterm birth. . HDP are defined using thresholds of blood pressure after 20 weeks gestation, yet pregnancy is a period of substantial change in blood pressure, with blood pressure decreasing until approximately 18 20 weeks and then increasing until delivery.
Health literacy has been defined by the Institute of Medicine as “The degree to which individuals have the capacity to obtain, process, and understand basic health information and services needed to make appropriate health decisions.” A rapidly growing body of research has documented the problems of low health literacy, including its high prevalence  and detrimental impact on health and health outcomes . Health literacy is influenced by the complexity of the presented information, basic reading and numeracy skills, contextual knowledge and prior experience, as well as fundamental cognitive abilities . This topic is particularly germane to the elderly, who have relatively high rates of both cognitive impairment and low health literacy  .
Human fungal infections have dramatically increased in recent years, representing a major threat to public health worldwide. Candida albicans is the most common cause of human fungal infections and unlike many pathogens, Candida can exist as a common colonizer of mucosal sites. The innate immune system has been an area of great research interest in fungal immunology, and its functions include physical impedance of infection, release of antifungal agents in mucosal secretions, and the infiltration/activation of blood leukocytes.
The insect world is divided into groups according to life history strategy. Holometabolous insects, with compete metamorphosis, produce a morphologically distinct larval stage, and the adult form is not generated until the last stages of postembryonic development . Since the fossil record established that holometabolous insects emerged from hemimetabolous ancestors, a debate on the origin of metamorphosis has persisted among entomologists .
Corneal transplantation is the most common solid tissue transplantation procedure in the world. It can be performed using full thickness donor corneal buttons  or partial thickness buttons . Although HLA matching is not normally performed and systemic immunosuppressive drugs are not routinely used in humans, this procedure results in approximately 90% survival rate in uncomplicated and low risk grafts.
Older adults may benefit from using technology in their homes for activities such as communication, cooking, cleaning, home maintenance, healthcare, and home security. Yet, older adults are less likely to use technology than younger adults . Given their relative inexperience with certain technologies, older adults may have much to gain from technology training.
There has been accumulating evidence linking cancer cell growth and cellular metabolism, underscoring the possible therapeutic potential of targeting metabolic proteins with ties to cellular pathways that are abnormally activated in some cancers. Activation of AMPK is induced after phosphorylation/activation of threonine 172 in the AMPK structure by upstream kinases, subsequently resulting in engagement of downstream AMPK dependent cellular events . AMPK activation results in inhibition of activation of the protein mammalian target of rapamycin , a key downstream component of the PI3 K pathway .
Homocysteine, a sulfur containing, non proteinogenic amino acid, is an intermediate in methionine metabolism. There is evidence that hyperhomocysteinemia may play a role in diseases of the visual system including maculopathy, open angle glaucoma, and optic atrophy. Given the potential relationship between hyperhomocysteinemia, vascular disease and neurodegeneration it is not surprising that clinical studies have examined also the relationship of hyperhomocysteinemia and diabetic retinopathy.
Performing complex motor skills is a fundamental component of ordinary human life. Motor skill learning  relies on the capability of the nervous system to create new patterns of neural activation for accomplishing new tasks or for recovering motor functions lost to disability . Most models of learning have been developed around the Hebbian theory of plasticity .
Since September 11, 2001, more than 2.2 million members of the United States armed forces have served in the Operation Enduring Freedom  in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom  in Iraq. Additionally, many service members return from deployments with ongoing psychological health problems, including posttraumatic stress disorder , depression, and substance use problems. The National Defense Authorization Act of 2008, , entitles all combat veterans, including those in the RC, who meet minimum duty requirements up to five years of at least VHA Priority Group 6 status, which includes full access to VHA’s medical benefits package and free VHA services for conditions potentially related to service in a war zone.
A major predictor of age related osteoporotic fracture is peak areal bone mineral density  which is a highly heritable trait. However, few linkage and association studies have been performed in men to identify the genes contributing to normal variation in aBMD. The aim of this study was to perform a genome wide scan in healthy men to identify quantitative trait loci  that were significantly linked to aBMD and to test whether any of these might be sex specific .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture’s  Healthy Eating Index 2005  is a tool to quantify and evaluate the quality of the diet consumed by the US population in terms of its conformity to the 2005 Dietary Guidelines for Americans . It comprises 12 components, which are scored on a scale from 0 to M, where M is 5, 10 or 20 according to the component. Each component is expressed as a ratio of an individual’s intake of a specific food or nutrient to their intake of energy, before scoring .
Initial attempts to label T cells directly with monomeric antigen to which they harbor specificity failed because of the low affinity of a single peptide MHC complex for its corresponding T cell receptor  . Dissociation rates for these interactions are only a few seconds; orders of magnitude lower than antibodyantigen interactions . Consequently, monomeric MHC TCR interactions are too unstable to be employed as an effective labeling technique for measuring antigen specific T cells.
Sleep disordered breathing  is characterized by repeated interruptions or reductions in respiration during sleep, leading to both hypoxemia and sleep fragmentation. The most common SDB cause is obstructive sleep apnea, in which collapse of the upper airway interferes with breathing during sleep. Increasing age is a well established risk factor for SDB; older adults may be three to four times more likely than middle aged individuals to have the condition.
Protein tyrosine kinase 6  is an intracellular tyrosine kinase that is related to members of the Src family, and it contains SH3 and SH2 domains as well as a carboxy regulatory tyrosine. PTK6 family kinases include Srms, FRK and Src42A/Dsrc41 that all share a common conserved gene structure. PTK6 is expressed in differentiated epithelial cells of the gastrointestinal tract , skin , , prostate , and oral cavity .
Cell migration is essential for a number of biological and pathological processes, including normal development, angiogenesis, wound repair, and tumor invasion and metastasis. Members of the syndecan family tend to show strict tissue distribution, but Sdc 1 is strongly expressed on epithelial cells, whereas syndecan 4 is widespread and expressed at high levels on fibroblasts  . For some time it has been suggested that syndecans like Sdc1 can interact and mediate adhesion to collagens via its heparan sulfate chains .
is an herbaceous winter spring annual grown as a commercial oil seed crop. Degradation products from glucolimnanthin 1 are known to have biopesticidal properties. The degradation products isothiocyanate 2 and nitrile 3 inhibited radical elongation of velvetleaf  and wheat .
Since its introduction in the 1950’s, the Pap smear has been associated with sharp declines in cervical cancer incidence and mortality. While Pap smear testing has been recommended and well established for many years, not all women report receiving screening at appropriate intervals. For example, women with any risk factors for cervical cancer  or a sexually transmitted infection ) should have a Pap smears annually, while those women with no identified risk factors should have a Pap smears at least every 3 years .
Actin was discovered more than 60 years ago, and has been extensively studied because of its crucial roles in many functions, including cell shape and polarity and force generation in muscle. Actin is one of the most abundant eukaryotic proteins, and its activities in vivo are modulated by >150 different actin binding proteins . These ABPs control actin polymerization in the cell, as well as assembly of these filaments into higher order structures.
Opioid dependence, particularly the injection of heroin, and infections with HIV and hepatitis C  are explosive, intertwined epidemics that adversely impact tens of millions of people globally . Approximately 5% of the global population, or 230 million people have used drugs. An estimated 15.9 million individuals in 148 countries inject drugs of abuse; 3 million of these are estimated to be HIV infected and 9 million HCV infected .
Type 1 diabetes  is an autoimmune disease caused by T cell mediated destruction of the insulin producing beta cells in the pancreatic islets. Several genes have been implicated, including those that encode MHC class II, insulin, CTLA 4 and PTPN22; and significant overlap exists between the protective gene pathways identified in mice and humans, including CTLA 4 and IL 2/CD25 . This genetic complexity highlights that multiple cell types acting at different checkpoints contribute to disease etiology and progression .
Several facets of nuclear organisation have been correlated with gene expression at both constitutively active regions of the genome and at regions subject to co ordinate regulation. On the other hand, looping out from the CT is not just a downstream consequence of a specific gene's activation. However, in the limb bud, Hoxd activation and chromatin decondensation occur without relocalisation of this locus to the outside of its CT.
The R7 RGS  proteins RGS6, RGS7, RGS9, and RGS11 are largely restricted to neurons , where they are thought to act as negative regulators of G protein signaling through acceleration of GTP hydrolysis by Gi/o class G proteins . Whereas specific functions have been attributed to photoreceptor  and brain specific isoforms of RGS9 , the physiological functions of other R7 RGS proteins are not known . Retinal ON bipolar cells respond to glutamate from photoreceptor terminals through the activation of mGluR6 , which activates Gαo.
In mammals, circadian rhythm is controlled by the interaction of positive and negative biochemical feedback loops comprising a molecular oscillator. Heterodimers of brain and muscle arnt like protein 1  and Clock or neuronal PAS domain protein 2  activate transcription by binding to E box elements present in the promoters of circadian genes, including Period , Cryptochrome , Rev ErbAα, retinoid related orphan nuclear receptors , and numerous circadian controlled genes . Postranscriptionally modified Per:Cry heterodimers in turn repress Clock:Bmal1 transcriptional activity, thus limiting their own transcription and the expression of CCGs .
In the adjuvant setting, patients with HER2 overexpression or amplification  breast cancer treated with trastuzumab along with chemotherapy have superior disease free and overall survival compared to patients treated with chemotherapy alone . In the metastatic setting, only ∼25 30% of patients derive significant tumor shrinkage after single agent trastuzumab treatment, which is improved to 50 60% upon the addition of chemotherapy  . ADCC occurs when the Fc portion of the tumor bound antibody is recognized by the FcγRs .
Quinones are commonly produced by oxidation of many natural products  and related compounds. Moreover, quinones are electrophiles and can effect serious cell damage via direct covalent modification of DNA and/or proteins. , Although the catechols are good antioxidants, owing to stabilization of the catecholic ArO• radical by hydrogen bonding with the adjacent hydroxyl group, the ArO• radical is also a semiquinone radical  that can be reduced back to catechol quinones, producing ROS and causing oxidative damage to DNA and proteins .
We used a mouse model to explore the possibility of the effect of chronic disease of body organs  on brain structure by examining the association of gene expression between body organs and brain parts. The mechanism underlying those changes remains unclear . In a study investigating brain involvement in RA, Hamed et al.  We first selected genes for comparison from our previous study  in which we analyzed the expression patterns of arthritis in 38 individuals in a mouse F2 population and compared the expression levels of key candidate genes to the parental strains.
Apathy   a lack of motivation, interest, or initiation   has received much attention in neuropsychiatry. As reviewed elsewhere, studies have found that apathy in neuropsychiatric disease is associated with greater functional impairment, depressive symptomatology, and cognitive dysfunction  . A frequent clinical debate of “is it depression or is it apathy?” has the goal of contrasting depression, a treatable condition, from apathy, conceptualized as a fixed deficit .
Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer among men in the United States. It accounts for 28% of the total cancer incidences and 10% of the total cancer deaths of American men . Once cancer cells establish secondary tumors in these vital organs, treatment usually becomes more complicated with worse outcome.
The key role of the kidney in long term blood pressure  regulation is generally recognized , and includes sodium handling in response to extended periods of stress. We recently showed that individuals without an adequate compensatory increase in urinary sodium excretion rate  in response to a stress induced BP increase  show a delayed BP recovery after stress, which seemed to be at least partly due to their increased blood volume. For the same level of stress, individuals who show impaired SIPN are, therefore, exposed to a greater cardiovascular and renal load, which may lead to the premature development of essential hypertension and its sequelae.
The United States criminal justice system is undergoing a demographic change in its inmate population, resulting in a rapid increase in the number of older individuals released from its prisons and jails . The term “older” has a different meaning in the criminal justice system than it does in general society. The National Institute of Corrections  defines older inmates as between the ages of 50 and 55 , since those behind bars are thought to age 10 to 15 years more quickly than the typical individual .
Cystic fibrosis  is a life shortening genetic disease in which 80% of deaths directly or indirectly result from loss of pulmonary function . Previous CF studies have suggested that: patients who die at an earlier age experience, on average, a more rapid rate of decline of forced expiratory volume in 1 second  over their lifetimes ; a patient’s rate of FEV1 decline can be used to estimate their age of death ; the presence or absence of certain risk factors can help predict future rate of decline ; and, chronic therapeutic interventions can slow FEV1 decline . For these reasons, demonstration of a reduction in the mean rate of FEV1 decline compared with placebo has been proposed as a basis by which a CF respiratory therapy can be determined to be disease modifying  .
RAGE is the signal transduction receptor which senses a variety of signaling molecules . The variety of ligands allows RAGE to be implicated in a wide spectrum of pathological conditions such as inflammation and cancer . RAGE expression and activation have been shown to be associated with chronic inflammation, which in turn enhances the malignant transformation of various cancers .
Pesticide residues are now among the most ubiquitous synthetic chemicals in our environment, as they are detectable in the tissues of humans, animals, aquatic and wildlife worldwide. Of the wide variety of pesticides available, organophosphate  and carbamate  insecticides are the most commonly used and encountered in accidental, suicidal, and occupational poisonings. Depending upon the degree of AChE inhibition, the severity of poisoning can vary from mild  to severe  cases, and eventually death ensues from respiratory failure  .
Prior research has shown that provider positive attitudes about EHRs are associated with their successful adoption. There is no evidence on whether comfort with technology and more positive attitudes about EHRs affect use of EHR functions once they are adopted . We used data from a survey of providers in the Primary Care Information Project, a bureau of the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene and measures of use from their EHRs.
Heavy drinking is a major preventable cause of high blood pressure, contributing to an estimated 5 to 15% of hypertension cases . It has been estimated that approximately 50% of heavy drinkers experience alcohol induced blood pressure elevation . The mechanisms underlying the pressor effect of heavy drinking are unknown, with several pathways being suggested .
With the development of the prostate specific antigen  assay for screening, prostate cancer is detected at an earlier stage. If prostate cancer remains localized, therapy such as prostatectomy or radiation therapy can cure the patient. Neuroendocrine  cells are present in the normal and neoplastic prostate .
The most common primary tumors of the brain are malignant gliomas, and they are exemplified by invasive growth and resistance to therapy. Routine methods to diagnose, grade, and classify gliomas include pathology of biopsy or surgically resected specimens, and these methods frequently are limited by sampling errors . Thus, improved molecular imaging biomarkers suitable for detection and characterization of gliomas could positively impact patient care .
Methods to examine the behavioral consequences of activation of neuronal ensembles are powerful tools for understanding brain function, as exemplified by Wilder Penfield’s pioneering studies of focal electrical stimulation of human cortex . Others have worked toward similar goals , and our work represents an effort to advance this field. Indeed, ectopic expression of RASSLs can result in pathologic phenotypes .
Shigella Flexneri is a Severe Enteropathogen that plagues more than 1 million victims per year worldwide, leading to severe dysentery in humans. VirF is an AraC type transcriptional activator that directly regulates transcription of the secondary positive regulator of Shigella virulence, VirB, and the actin polymerizing enzyme, VirG  . Accordingly, there has been increased interest in the development of novel antibiotics that target virulence factors.
Substantial body of evidence demonstrates that low doses of ethanol plus caffeine , can effectively reduce brain damage in rodent models of focal cerebral ischemia and traumatic brain injury. Based on these promising pre clinical studies Caffeinol was evaluated in stroke patients during a safety and feasibility study. While pre clinical data indicate strong neuroprotective potential and feasibility data suggest that Caffeinol can be safely administered to stroke patients, little is known about its mechanism of action.
Tight junctions  form a paracellular barrier in epithelia and endothelia. They regulate and limit the paracellular permeation of ions, solutes, and proteins . TJ appear as fusions of the membranes of two neighboring cells  and as an anastomosing network of strands composed of transmembrane proteins  .
Denervation of the paraspinal muscles in spinal disorders is frequently attributed to radiculopathy. Therefore, persons with lumbar spinal stenosis causing asymmetrical symptoms should have asymmetrical paraspinal denervation . 73 persons with clinical lumbar spinal stenosis, aged 55 to 85, completed a pain drawing and underwent masked electrodiagnostic testing including bilateral paraspinal mapping and testing of 6 muscles on the most symptomatic  limb .
The use of the estrogen receptor , progesterone receptor  and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2  as biomarkers is standard practice in the clinical management of breast cancer. Unfortunately, such improvements in clinical outcomes have not been realized in the management of triple negative breast cancer , a subset of breast cancers lacking HER2 amplification and expression of ER and PR . TNBC comprises 1020% of breast cancer cases and is more commonly identified in younger women and those with African American or Hispanic heritage .
Understanding the genetic structure of populations is of genetic and anthropological interest. Each individual in a population has a unique genetic history. The United States has three predominant population groups.
Correlative light and electron microscopy  aims at bridging the time and resolution gap between light microscopy  and electron microscopy   . But drawbacks inherent in the chemical fixation restrict the interpretation of dynamic events and their ultrastructure at the EM level in a CLEM perspective such as 1) the slowness of the sample fixation ; 2) the chemically induced ultrastructure modifications ; 3) the inefficiency of fixation for some specimens ; and 4) the quenching of the fluorescence  . Under these conditions, the physical properties of water are modified, reducing ice nucleation during solidification by freezing  that preserves the cell ultrastructure in a “close to native state”  .
The epidermis, which forms the outer covering of mammalian skin, is maintained throughout life by proliferation of stem cells and differentiation of their progeny . Notch signalling plays an essential role in cell fate determination during embryogenesis and also in postnatal life . The intracellular domain translocates to the nucleus, where it binds to Suppressor of Hairless Su  to activate transcription  .
The ubiquitin proteasome pathway provides the cell with a mechanism to control protein levels by regulated protein degradation . The regulated degradation of proteins by the ubiquitin proteasome system is essential for many cellular processes including synaptic plasticity, embryonic development and gamete formation. Alterations in the ubiquitin proteasome pathway have been shown to result in neurological disorders, cancer and infertility  .
Demonstration of differentiation along a hepatocyte or cholangiocyte lineage following transplantation into the liver of a suitable host has been accepted as the most definitive method for assessing the differentiation potential of putative hepatic progenitors. Application of this approach requires a unique marker that allows transplanted hepatic progenitors to be distinguished from host liver cells, a requirement satisfied by Thompson et al. with the discovery of a mutant strain of F344 rats lacking an enzymatically active form of the cell surface exoprotease, dipeptidyl peptidase IV  . This DPPIV model system has since been used in large numbers of investigations in the rat aimed at demonstrating the ability of progenitor cells from the liver, pancreas, and bone marrow to undergo hepatocytic or ductal differentiation  .
The clinical management of melanoma is evolving rapidly due to improved understanding of the molecular drivers of this disease. Recurrent point mutations affecting residues G12, G13, and Q61 of NRAS are the second most common activating event in melanoma . Previous studies have demonstrated that NRAS mutations are essentially mutually exclusive with BRAFV600 mutations, likely due to the fact that they also activate signaling through RAS RAF MAPK.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy  is the standard of care to downstage inoperable cancers, and it is increasingly being used for operable cancers to facilitate better outcomes in breast conserving surgery . MRI may either overestimate or underestimate the residual disease . Knowing which factors may influence the diagnostic accuracy will provide important information to assist in choosing the optimal subsequent management procedures for patients undergoing NAC .
One of the central functions of the visual system is to recognize objects. Crowding is a striking example where this fails. In the second “feature integration” stage, the registered features are pooled together for object recognition.
A growing number of children who are deaf are receiving bilateral cochlear implants , in an attempt to provide them with acoustic cues that are known to be important for spatial hearing. The benefits of BICI in adults are well documented. When both cochlear implants  are activated compared with when a single CI is used there appear to be significant improvements in the ability of adult patients to understand speech in noise , and to localize sounds .
Subchondral cysts are deeply related to the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis , but the factors contributing to cyst formation are not well known. A three dimensional analysis of subchondral cysts at the micro structural level was conducted using high resolution peripheral quantitative CT , and their relationships with cartilage attrition and subchondral bone microstructure were investigated . Femoral heads extracted from ten female patients with hip OA were scanned using HR pQCT at a voxel size of 41 μm.
Prostate cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer death among men in the United States, with an anticipated 186,320 newly diagnosed cases and 28,660 deaths in 2008 . The majority of men with clinically localized PCa are treated with radical prostatectomy , which provides excellent cancer control . However, there is no consensus regarding the optimal management of locally advanced PCa .
Implementation of evidence based practices  in community based treatment settings is both challenging and complex . In particular, delivery of evidence based care in racial and ethnic minority communities is an important element in reducing health disparities . Organizational research in this area has explored outer context factors, such as funding support and regulatory expectations  affecting evidence based care; few studies have explored the intersection of the outer context with internal factors in SAT organizations such as leadership , staff readiness for change , and provider attitudes about EBPs .
Caring for stroke survivors can be burdensome for their informal caregivers, with additional burden perceived when caring for stroke survivors with emotional problems . Although there is extensive literature evaluating caregiver burden and benefit in stroke patients  there has been little comparison of informal caregiver burden across cultures for any chronic condition . In Korea, Confucian ideology places the eldest male at the head of the family, receiving loyalty from his offspring.
Obstructive sleep apnea  and hyperaldosteronism are very common in subjects with resistant hypertension. We hypothesized that aldosterone mediated chronic fluid retention may influence OSA severity in patients with resistant hypertension. We tested this in an open label evaluation by assessing the changes in the severity of OSA in patients with resistant hypertension following treatment with spironolactone .
2,4,6 Trichlorophenol , a major environmental pollutant, has been used extensively as a preservative and a biocide . A gene cluster, tcpRXABCYD, is involved in TCP degradation , and all the encoded proteins have been characterized except TcpY . Second, TcpB  reduces the quinone to 6 chloro 2 hydroxy p hydroquinone .
Modern India is a country of great diversity at many levels: cultural, linguistic and genetic . One outstanding feature of Indian society is its organization around the Hindu caste system, which is observed by almost 80% of the population and forms one of the world's longest surviving social hierarchies. This system is based on the division of society into four broad castes, each originally linked to a specific social occupation: Brahmins, the priests; Kshatriyas, the warriors; Vaishyas, the farmers, merchants and businessmen; Sudras, the servants and workers.
Users of marijuana and cannabinoid  related substances often experience a compulsive craving for food. The appetite stimulating effects of cannabinoids, CBs, have been known for centuries. Currently, there are two well characterized CB Rs with known splice variants: CB1 Rs and CB2 Rs.
In the United States, 459 children died from pedestrian injuries in 2010 and another 215,188 were treated in emergency departments following pedestrian injuries . Global data are less precise, but estimates exceed 30,000 child pedestrians killed annually worldwide . Strategies to reduce child pedestrian injuries and deaths are urgently needed .
Despite increasing demand for clinical interventions into sexual problems in an aging population, epidemiological data on the subject are scarce . Statistical analysis of data from the 20052006 National Social Life, Health, and Aging Project , a nationally representative U.S. probability sample of 1,550 women and 1,455 men aged 5785 at the time of interview . Likelihood of experiencing sexual dysfunction in the preceding 12 months .
Voltage gated sodium channels  are transmembrane glycoproteins that underlie the rapid upstroke of action potentials  in excitable tissues such as the heart, skeletal muscle and brain. Mendelian inherited mutations in Nav channels result in diseases of excitability such as myotonias, paralyses, cardiac arrhythmias, and ataxias and seizure disorders . The transmembrane portion of the α subunit is formed by four homologous domains , each containing six membrane spanning helices  that form the ion selective pore and contain the activation voltage sensors.
According to the American Cancer Society, over 23,000 new cases of brain and other nervous system tumors will be diagnosed in 2013 in the United States . High grade gliomas, such as anaplastic astrocytoma and glioblastoma multiforme , account for approximately 38% of primary brain tumors, and to date, treatment options have remained limited. Following optimal surgical debulking, radiation therapy alone has been shown to increase mean survival time of GBM patients from approximately six months to only one year .
One of the major routes of pathogen exposure in humans occurs through the oral cavity, . The majority of these peptides that have activity against bacteria and fungi are small , cationic, and amphiphilic. Originally isolated from myeloid neutrophil cells in the 1980’s, these peptides are commonly referred to as human neutrophil peptides, .
Breast magnetic resonance imaging  is the most sensitive modality for detecting breast cancer, often identifying malignancy otherwise occult by mammography, ultrasound, and clinical breast examination . To facilitate consistent reporting of and management recommendations for breast MRI findings, the American College of Radiology published the first edition of the Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System  MRI lexicon in 2003, with the most recently revised edition published in 2013 . Standardized use of the lexicon and BI RADS assessment categories allows for improved communication among radiologists and clinicians with regards to suspicious imaging findings and clinical recommendations .
Periventricular leukomalacia , the predominant pathological substrate underlying cerebral palsy and potentially cognitive deficits in long term survivors of prematurity, is a lesion of the immature cerebral white matter typically associated with cerebral hypoxia ischemia with additional contribution from maternofetal infection in some cases . Pathologically, the PVL lesion is composed of a focally necrotic component in the deep periventricular white matter that is characterized by macrophages and axonal spheroids as well as a diffuse component in the surrounding white matter characterized by reactive astrogliosis and activated microglia. Evidence suggests that there is damage to pre OLs in the diffuse component  which likely results in the myelin deficits in long term survivors of PVL .
The nature of the relationship between exposure to sexual content in the media and adolescent sexual development has not been clearly established. The amount of time in that Youth use media almost 6.5 hours an average day . Thus the media are clearly a considerable presence in their lives and sexual content in television is well documented  although there are conflicting views about change over time .
The development of pulmonary hypertension  is multi factorial with genetic background and environmental stress being two critical components. Lungs are open to the environment and are susceptible to cold air stimulation. In the US, cold weather is associated with increased mortality from pulmonary and cardiovascular diseases., Cold exposure causes pulmonary vasospasm in patients with Raynaud’s phenomenon.
The androgen receptor  is a member of the nuclear hormone receptor  superfamily, which consists of a large group of ligand regulated transcription factors . AR is expressed in many tissues and influences an enormous range of physiologic processes such as cognition, muscle hypertrophy, bone density, and prostate growth and differentiation . AR is thus the major therapeutic target for this malignancy  .
Retrieving a word from memory has consequences for later retrieval. This phenomenon, known as repetition priming, can be explained by the fact that each retrieval event is also a learning event, and so the second retrieval benefits from the learning that occurred the first time . Somewhat less well known is the fact that repetition priming has a “dark side”.
An emerging hallmark of cancer is the “metabolic transformation” that occurs to accommodate the needs of a proliferating population of cells . Cancer cells also need essential amino acids that mammalian cells cannot synthesize. Cells grown in culture are provided with media that is supplemented with glucose, essential amino acids, and glutamine as nutrients for cell growth.
Experimental data obtained thus far have demonstrated the existence of ionizing radiation induced “bystander effects”  in diverse eukaryotic cell systems. BE can be induced both by low  and high linear energy transfer  radiations. Using microbeam irradiation, micronuclei  induction , mutations  and oncogenic transformation  have been observed in bystander cells.
Fall school openings have been consistently associated with an increase in the transmission of respiratory agents, including occasionally influenza . It is difficult to measure the contribution of schools to influenza transmission in a community. School holidays and other closures have been used to estimate the impact of closing schools on reducing seasonal influenza transmission .
Brain derived neurotrophic factor  and its specific receptor TrkB are critically involved in neural development and synaptic plasticity . BDNF release depends on neuronal activity . The effect of BDNF is generally believed to be mediated by the activation of TrkB receptors.
Treatment options and therapeutic guidelines have evolved substantially since highly active antiretroviral treatment  became the standard of HIV care in 1996. We conducted the present population based analysis to characterize the determinants of direct costs of HAART over time in British Columbia , Canada . We considered individuals ever receiving HAART in BC from 19962011.
Molecular chaperones are a family of cellular proteins that assist polypeptides with correct assembly and disassembly. There are several classes of molecular chaperones, including chaperonins and heat shock proteins . HSPs have both intracellular and extracellular functions.
The mammalian pancreas is a mixed gland composed of two distinct tissues, exocrine and endocrine. The endocrine portion of the pancreas supplies insulin to the entire body and the exocrine portion produces various enzymes required for the digestion of food. Morphogenesis of the mouse pancreas begins with the formation of two buds, respectively positioned on the dorsal and ventral side of the posterior foregut; these buds are clearly visible at about embryonic day  10.5, and subsequently fuse into a single organ upon rotation of the gut.
Non human primate embryos are increasingly regarded as valuable translational models for human health, including studies on infertility and embryonic stem cells. However, only a few centres have the capability to produce monkey embryos, both because of the need to maintain substantial numbers of expensive animals and the requirement for special expertise and facilities required to generate embryos by IVF. Numerous other research laboratories might benefit from studying monkey embryos but lack one or both of these essential requirements.
Aromatase inhibitors  have become the choice for first line hormonal therapy ofestrogen receptor alpha  positive breast cancer in postmenopausal women. However, many patients are initially refractory or acquire resistance to AI treatment. The mechanisms responsible for the development of resistance remain poorly defined.
Altered chromatin architecture is thought to sometimes spread along a chromosome causing epigenetic changes to the genes located in the affected region . In addition to the MSL proteins, the dosage compensation complex contains noncoding roX RNAs . Male viability can be restored by providing roX RNA from an autosomal transgene demonstrating that the MSL complex can locate the X in trans .
Natural IgM is a critical mediator of innate immune protection. Indeed, IgM antibody against viruses, bacteria, and fungi is readily detectable in the circulation of unimmunized mice, and is highly efficient in activating complement and sequestering antigen in secondary lymphoid organs . These functions not only control the early spread of pathogens directly, but also promote the initiation of T dependent humoral responses  .
Acute kidney injury , as defined by a wide range of serum creatinine increments, is a consistent and powerful predictor of in hospital mortality, and is associated with an increase in length of stay at hospital, hospital costs, and posthospitalization resource utilization. , The limited oxygen supply to renal tissue renders the kidney susceptible to hypoxia, particularly the medulla, and has been long recognized as an important factor in the pathogenesis of AKI. Hypoxia inducible factor 1a  is the major transcription factor that mediates cellular responses to tissue hypoxia.
Chronic Helicobacter infections are found in over 50% of the adult population in the U.S. and up to 90% of the developing world population . Recent studies associated other Helicobacter species with liver and colonic diseases including ulcerative colitis, inflammatory bowel disease and Crohn's disease . Similar to human diseases, Helicobacter hepaticus frequently remains undetected but can cause hepatitis in addition to the above mentioned diseases  .
In 1980, the World Health Organization declared that smallpox had been eradicated . Vaccination against smallpox is currently restricted because of the risk of adverse side effects , due in part to the higher percentage of first time vaccinees, an increase in the number of individuals with compromised immune systems, and contraindications for those with heart disease . Recently, several compounds have been identified that inhibit various steps in poxvirus infection, including virion morphogenesis  and DNA synthesis .
Although the nucleotide sequences of mouse and human fortilins, also known as p21 and translationally controlled tumor protein , were reported in 1988 and 1999, their role in apoptosis regulation has been unknown. Fortilin proved to be a molecule that interacts specifically with MCL1 . Since MCL1 is a well characterized anti apoptotic molecule , we reasoned that fortilin—a protein partner of MCL1—is also involved in apoptosis regulation.
FTLD is amongst the most prevalent neurodegenerative dementias after Alzheimer's. Symptomatology includes pronounced behavioral changes with altered motivation, personality and/or language function, with pathology in the frontal and temporal lobes . A genome wide association study of FTLD TDP risk demonstrated linkage with polymorphisms near the TMEM106B locus .
The similarities between the rhesus macaque brain and its human counterpart have lead to use of the former in studies of neurological disorders and their treatment . Due to the serial nature and high cost of these studies, non invasive modalities: MRI for morphology or function and proton MR spectroscopy  for metabolism, are often favored. Metabolic quantification requires knowledge of several parameters that influence the 1H MRS signal.
The cardiovascular manifestations of acute neurological events have been well documented . Several ECG abnormalities have been reported in patients following acute cerebrovascular events including QT interval prolongation, ST segment deviation and T wave changes . These abnormalities have been attributed to transient increases in sympathetic activity  .
Muscular dystrophies  comprise a heterogeneous group of inherited diseases that mainly affect striated muscle. MD are characterized by progressive muscle weakness, atrophy and in many instances, premature death . MD share common histopathological features, such as muscle necrosis followed by replacement with connective  tissue and fat .
Group AB plasma, the traditional universal donor plasma product, is a limited resource. We compared outcomes of Group A plasma transfusion in comparison to AB . Analysis of blunt injured patients who received emergency release plasma from was performed.
Primary biliary cirrhosis  is a complex autoimmune disease that is likely caused by environmental interaction with genetically determined predisposition . PBC is characterized by the destruction of small intrahepatic bile ducts, subsequently causing biliary cholestasis. This sustained chronic injury may ultimately lead to the development of end stage liver disease requiring liver transplantation.
Our ability to prepare and adapt to the environment is fundamental to human existence. This alerting mechanism appears largely driven by the hippocampus preparing the HPA axis for arousal and stress , which may be accompanied by memory representations upon waking that allow orientation to self, place, time and personal demands  . Morning cortisol concentrations and thus the CAR, are thought to be largely genetically determined based on heritability of daytime cortisol, .
Recent reports indicate the increased use of methylphenidate  for behavioral disorders, cognitive enhancing effects, and for recreation . The exact role of MPD on the DA system is unclear; however MPD has been shown to have a chemical structure similar to cocaine, a drug with a high probability of abuse  . The VTA interacts with the pre frontal cortex  glutamatergic transmission facilitating the rewarding actions of psychostimulants .
Over the last four decades, the use of Drosophila as a model organism has expanded dramatically to include many aspects of behavior and physiology previously thought inaccessible to genetic analysis. The pioneering work in this area by Benzer and colleagues included the isolation of neurodegeneration mutants, beginning with drd. Mutations in this gene cause an adult lethal phenotype, with flies dying within the first two weeks after eclosion, and death is accompanied by gross degeneration in the brain.
Telomerase is a ribonucleoprotein complex composed of the catalytic protein subunit hTERT  and RNA subunit hTR , which serves as the template for the synthesis of telomeric DNA . Most human tumor cells demonstrate high level of telomerase activity, while normal somatic cells display undetectable level of activity . Thus, many studies have focused on the regulation of hTERT expression to investigate the mechanisms of carcinogenesis.
Collateral vessels provide a mechanism to protect against adverse outcomes associated with atherosclerosis. For people with lower extremity peripheral artery disease , collateral vessels are a natural bypass system, protect against critical limb ischemia, and may reduce ischemia related leg symptoms. However, collateral vessels do not restore perfusion to normal.
Allergic rhinitis  is an IgE mediated disease with symptoms of rhinorrhea, nasal obstruction, nasal itching and sneezing upon exposure to aeroallergens. In the USA, approximately $11.2 billion was spent on AR treatments in 2005. Early exposure to traffic related air pollutants, specifically diesel exhaust particles , may enhance risk for aeroallergen sensitization and development of allergic disorders in childhood., No prospective study has defined the exact relationship between early DEP exposure and percutaneous aeroallergen sensitization, especially the predictive value of early sensitization, during the first three years of life and the subsequent development of childhood AR.
The class of foods known as added sugars has been defined by the United States Department of Agriculture  as sugars and syrups that are added to foods during processing or preparation. They include white sugar, brown sugar, raw sugar, corn syrup, corn syrup solids, high fructose corn syrup, malt syrup, maple syrup, pancake syrup, and fructose sweetener; they do not include naturally occurring sugars such as lactose in milk or fructose in fruits . Direct etiologic relationships between added sugars and disease have been shown for dental caries  and are hypothesized to contribute to weight gain .
The human placenta represents the anatomical and functional feto maternal interface. When a robust inflammatory reaction during pregnancy is mounted , both maternal and fetal inflammatory responses can be observed. One of the histologic manifestations of such an inflammatory response is infiltration of both maternal and fetal neutrophils in the placenta .
Magnetic resonance imaging  provides exquisitely detailed images of the anatomy of the prostate and is the most sensitive imaging modality available for the detection and local staging of prostate cancer. For optimal MR imaging of prostate cancer, an endorectal coil must be used in conjunction with a pelvic phased array coil . Heijmink et al  found that insertion of the endorectal coil changed the prostate diameter by 5.5 mm  in the anteroposterior direction, 3.5 mm  in the right to left direction, and 2.2 mm  in the craniocaudal direction.
Previous research has primarily focused on the relationship between illicit drug use and HIV/STI risk behavior among African American women. Very few studies have solely reviewed the role of alcohol use on risky sexual behavior. The present study examined the relationship between alcohol use at non abuse levels and risky sexual behaviors and sexually transmitted infections  among young adult African American women .
High resolution peripheral quantitative computed tomography  is a promising non invasive method for in vivo 3D characterization of human bone . These properties are modified through distinct physiologic processes  and, therefore, represent unique targets for pharmacologic intervention. Recently evidence of significant macroscopic intra cortical porosity in early post menopausal osteopenic women has been reported .
There has recently been a series of neuroimaging studies that demonstrate that there is a pitch processing center in lateral Heschl’s gyrus . This component is referred to as the sustained pitch response . There is also a subcomponent of the transient N1m that peaks 100 150 ms after the onset of a pitch producing sound.
Endocrine disrupting compounds  are chemicals that perturb the endocrine system either by acting as agonists or antagonists to sex hormone receptors, thus mimicking or preventing the action of endogenous estrogens and androgens. Laboratories have reported the estrogenic activity for EDCs of various classes such as naturally occurring phytoestrogens  , man made plasticizers  , pesticides  , and other synthetic industrial chemicals   . BPA can migrate from containers into the contents, allowing for the direct exposure to humans via ingestion .
Stress is common and unavoidable, and exposure to stress of various forms can significantly alter brain function and promote cognitive and emotional disorders. Effects of stress on cognition are complex and depend on factors including the nature, duration, and timing of stress, and the specific cognitive task employed. The hippocampus contributes greatly to memory,, and it has been increasingly recognized that processing of sensory signals into memories in rodents involves dorsal hippocampus networks., In contrast, ventral hippocampus is endowed with distinct afferent/efferent connections, including robust pathways to amygdala,, which may enhance the emotional salience of memories., Stress, and stress hormones, influence dorsal and ventral hippocampus differentially: chronic stress attenuates long term potentiation in dorsal, but not ventral CA1, suggesting that discrete mechanisms exist for the effects of stress mediators on dorso ventral components of the hippocampal formation.
During T cell development, the organism generates a T cell population with an extended repertoire of antigen specificities. The majority of thymocytes bear TCRs that do not recognize the MHC molecules present in the thymus, and these cells die relatively rapidly . Furthermore, those cells that are positively selected develop into two different lineages, CD4 or CD8, depending on the ability of their TCRs to bind MHC class II or I, respectively.
Human HCC is the fifth commonest cause of cancer deaths worldwide  and is increasingly frequent in the USA , with approximately 15,000 new cases annually . It arises on the basis of cirrhosis in most patients, so that patients have 2 diseases of their liver, namely cirrhosis and cancer. The newer cell cycle inhibitors and anti angiogenic agents that are currently under evaluation in many clinical trials, have the potential for filling this need .
Placebo response rates in trials of antipsychotic medications for acute schizophrenia are rising, mirroring increases observed in illnesses such as Major Depressive Disorder  . In 28 atypical antipsychotic trials, Kemp et al. reported that the average symptom improvement among patients assigned to placebo increased by over 10 points on the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale  between 1991 and 2006 . Agid et al  found that the standardized mean effect size associated with placebo treatment significantly increased over time .
Although cementless implants have become increasingly popular, particularly in the North American market, polymethylmethacrylate  cement is still widely used to secure orthopaedic implants within bone. Despite its long clinical history, the behavior of the cement mantle in an implant/cement/bone construct is poorly understood. This has led to unexpectedly poor clinical outcomes for some novel cemented implants .
Estrogens regulate physiological processes in various tissues, including but not limited to the uterus, mammary gland, bone, prostate, colon, lung, heart and brain. 17β Estradiol  or Estrogen Receptor alpha   is critical for this outgrowth of mammary ducts, and ovariectomy of adult female mice causes regression of terminal end buds , which can be restored by estradiol treatment . Estradiol stimulates a number of physiological responses in the mammary gland.
Integral membrane proteins  are difficult to handle in vitro because they are not soluble in aqueous solutions unless they are complexed by surfactants, most often detergents. Detergents, however, destabilize most MPs . A835, a polyacrylate based APol, has previously been shown to preserve the secondary structure of native MOMP  as assayed by circular dichroism  .
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of deaths in the developed world. Current techniques for characterizing atherosclerosis include: Intravascular Ultrasound , angiography or their combination. Inflammation in endothelial cells of an artery may participate in initiation and progression of plaque .
Delirium is common, morbid, and costly in hospitalized elders . Despite increasing awareness of its importance, most delirium, particularly hypoactive delirium and delirium superimposed on dementia, still goes unrecognized . Prompt recognition of delirium is the first key step in its appropriate management, which involves careful review for reversible contributors, preventing complications , and instituting cognitive and physical rehabilitation .
The biologic and physiologic changes during the teen years are more strongly correlated with pubertal maturation than chronologic age. Common markers of pubertal onset include self or parental report of menarche, height velocity, and breast development. Difficulties in determining breast stage development in the obese child and teen inaccuracies in self report limit the use of such methods .
Phase II enzymes play important roles in maintaining redox homeostasis, resistance against oxidative stress, and detoxification and elimination of toxins. The expression of many phase II enzymes, such as nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate: quinone oxidoreductase , glutathione S transferases , heme oxygenase 1 , and glutamate cysteine ligase , can be up regulated in response to stimuli such as oxidative stress . This inducible feature makes these enzymes critical for protection against toxic insults and implies a promising strategy to prevent and/or treat diseases through modulating the expression level of these enzymes.
Metastatic melanoma is the leading cause of skin cancer deaths in the US, with a median overall survival of only 69 months . Despite advances in the field, the reference therapy for patients diagnosed with metastatic melanoma is Dacarbazine , which was first approved for treatment in the 1970’s. However, these monotherapies are typically restricted in their efficacy and tend to provide only a small improvement in progression free survival before resistance develops .
Therapeutic hypothermia is now standard clinical care for moderate to severe neonatal encephalopathy in the UK and developed world. Clinical trials have included whole body cooling with core temperature reduced to 33.5°C for 72 hours, as the optimal temperature for neural rescue is likely to be below 34°C. There are however around 40% of infants who, despite hypothermic treatment, have an adverse neurodevelopmental outcome.
Acquisition of chronic pulmonary infection with Pseudomonas aeruginosa is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with cystic fibrosis . The emergence of clinical mucoid isolates of P. aeruginosa in a CF patient, due to overproduction of a capsular polysaccharide, alginate, is an indicator of decreased life expectancy . Increased transcription of genes that encode alginate biosynthetic enzymes involves multiple regulatory and signalling molecules .
China has witnessed an increasing rate of heterosexual transmission of HIV in recent years. In a nationally representative sample, an estimated 9% of Chinese men aged 20 to 64 years reported paying for sex . There has been a growing interest in understanding how individual level behavior change can be linked to the group or community level.
It is predicted that in 2009, 192,370 women in the United States will develop breast cancer and 40,170 women will die from the disease . Selective estrogen receptor modulators  reduce ER positive breast cancer recurrence by approximately 50% . p38s are members of the MAPK family that also includes the extracellular signal regulated kinases  and the c Jun N terminal kinases .
Viridins, a class of compounds from fungi of which wortmannin  is a member, have long intrigued pharmacologists because of their potent antiproliferative and immune suppressive properties. Viridins are steroid like molecules which have a “extra” furan ring as a common, key structural feature. Wm is a nanomolar PI3 kinase inhibitor, , but at higher concentrations inhibits polo like kinase, mTOR, DNA dependent protein kinase and ATM.
Integrins are extracellular matrix  receptors that play important and diverse roles in metazoans, including regulation of cell motility, differentiation, survival and proliferation. Two ubiquitously expressed families of integrins are formed by dimerization of either the β1 integrin subunit  with one of 12 alpha subunits or the αv integrin subunit with one of β1, β3, β5, β6, or β8 subunits,. A critical role of Itgb1 for liver  formation has been shown in experiments with chimeric mice where Itgb1 null cells did not participate in liver formation .
Spinal cord injury  typically leads to formation of scar tissue that can be categorized into glial and fibrotic components. Most of our current knowledge of the scar tissue has come from studies on the astroglial component, whereas our understanding of the fibrotic component is relatively lacking. In vitro assays indicate that fibroblasts are inhibitory/non permissive for axon growth  and genetic ablation of fibroblasts leads to cavitation at the injury site .
Drugs of abuse that are reinforcing share a common mechanism in causing elevated synaptic dopamine levels in the nucleus accumbens . Another feature of cocaine and other similar psychostimulants is repeated intermittent exposure induces behavioral sensitization, characterized as a progressively heightened behavioral response after abstinence and re exposure . Alterations in dopaminergic neurotransmission from the ventral tegmental area  to the nucleus accumbens are part of the underlying mechanism which brings about behavioral sensitization.
A formidable challenge in the field of Parkinson’s Disease  research is to understand the processes that lead to the death of dopamine  containing neurons in the substantia nigra . Postmortem studies reveal a reduction in the activity of mitochondrial complex I by 30% to 40% . Mitochondrial function is critical to the maintenance of adequate adenosine triphosphate  for basic cell processes.
There has been much debate about the role of depression and other mental disorders as risk factors that further the initiation of smoking in young people . The association between mood disorders and smoking has been well established in epidemiological research ; nevertheless, the direction of the relation between smoking and depression has not been understood fully . For example, the findings of Kendler et al. supported the causal linkage from depression to smoking, whereas Wu & Anthony  found that smoking occurred before depression in older children and adolescents.
Cryptococcus neoformans is a free living pathogenic fungus that primarily inhabits soil contaminated with decaying organic matter and bird excreta . C. neoformans is unusual among the pathogenic fungi in that it has several well characterized virulence factors such as a polysaccha ride capsule, degradative enzymes, and melanin pigment production . C. neoformans is a non specific pathogen that has been reported to infect and/or cause disease in a myriad of taxonomically diverse organisms from mammals to birds to such invertebrates as insects and worms  .
Toll like receptor 9  was identified as the receptor for oligodeoxynucleotides  containing unmethylated cytosine guanosine  dinucleotides and was originally thought to distinguish pathogen DNA from that of the mammalian host on this basis, as unmethylated CpG dinucleotides are relatively uncommon in mammalian DNA compared with pathogen DNA . However, subsequent studies revealed specific instances in which mammalian DNA proved to be a highly effective TLR9 ligand  and pointed to a critical role for mammalian DNA in the pathogenesis of certain autoimmune diseases including systemic lupus erythematosus  and psoriasis  . As TLR9 is located intracellularly, it is necessary for the DNA to be internalized before it can engage TLR9 .
The purpose of this article is to describe the development of a scale that will allow us to understand the level of confidence that family members have for participating in health care decisions for terminally ill loved ones. We first identified a need for such a scale when our study of terminally ill patient decision making revealed that a high percentage of patients preferred shared decision making with family. The challenge, however, is that family and other surrogate decision makers are often unprepared for end of life decision making and many report high levels of distress from this role .
ADP ribosylation factor  proteins are small GTPases that are essential regulators of many intracellular vesicular trafficking pathways . ARF1 is a key component in the formation of a number of different vesicular coat complexes and is essential to the dynamic assembly/disassembly of AP 1, AP 3, AP 4 and GGA1 3 based vesicle coats . ARF6 exhibits a sub cellular localisation pattern distinct to that of ARF1 and is distributed predominantly to the plasma membrane and endosomes .
Niacin is a lipid altering agent that favorably affects multiple lipid parameters. Niacin is the most effective medication in current clinical use for increasing high density lipoprotein  cholesterol . Niacin has been evaluated in combination with simvastatin in several clinical trials and has demonstrated efficacy, with clinical improvement in multiple lipid parameters .
Cell migration in response to chemotactic and haptotactic cues is essential for proper organismal development . Localized control of actomyosin contractility is essential for directed cell migration. Non muscle myosin II isoforms A and B localize to different cellular regions to regulate traction forces and directionality, respectively, during cell spreading and migration.
Spontaneous fluctuations in blood oxygenation level dependent  fMRI signals have recently aroused a large amount of interest in the fMRI literature . However, this assumption is only accurate when the global signal and experimental conditions are orthogonal to each other, that is, uncorrelated. Whether findings from such research are applicable to seed based connectivity studies is unknown .
Hepatitis B virus  remains an important human pathogen despite the existence of a highly effective vaccine. Particularly in resource limited contexts, vaccination rates remain well under 100% and vaccination at birth of infants born to HBV positive mothers is not fully protective against vertical transmission . Moreover, it is estimated that over 240 million individuals, ~4% of the world population, remain chronically infected with HBV and are therefore at high risk for cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma , leading to ~800,000 deaths per year that are directly linked to HBV infection  .
Necrotizing enterocolitis  is the leading cause of death from gastrointestinal disease in preterm infants, and remains a major cause of long term disability in those who survive the disease, . Despite the increasing frequency with which NEC is diagnosed, its pathogenesis remains largely uncertain, although there is general acceptance that its development reflects persistent intestinal mucosal injury. In seeking to understand how mucosal injury in NEC occurs, we have recently shown that NEC development requires activation of the innate immune receptor Toll like receptor 4  on enterocytes, and that TLR4 activation by bacterial endotoxin  inhibits enterocyte proliferation and leads to disease progression, .
Based on experimental animal models and epidemiological evidence, Helicobacter pylori infection causes persistent chronic gastritis, which in susceptible individuals, may progress to atrophy, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia, and finally intestinal type gastric cancer . H. pylori infection resulted in overexpression of type 2 cyclooxygenase  in primary gastric cancer and gastric cancer cell lines of human and mouse gastric epithelial cells . Recent studies suggested a positive association between hypergastrinemia, H. pylori infection, and gastric cancer in humans and mice .
When a population is well adapted to its environment, the vast majority of new mutations will be neutral or negative. This process is called ‘stochastic tunneling’ . The evolution of complex adaptations is more problematic in sexual populations because of genetic recombination.
Retinal ganglion cells  are the sole output neurons of the retina. Their dendrites receive synapses from bipolar and amacrine interneurons in the inner plexiform layer , their somata reside in a narrow ganglion cell layer, they express several common molecular features, and their axons travel through the optic nerve to retinorecipient structures in the brain, where they form glutamatergic synapses . As a well defined and accessible neuronal type, RGCs have been a favored object for elucidating developmental, molecular, cell biological and electrophysiological principles that apply to central neurons generally .
Within its native range in Asia, Aedes japonicus  larvae are found in a wide variety of natural and artificial containers, however rock pools appear to be the most favored habitat . Immatures of this species have occupied a similar ecological niche since its invasion of the United States in 1998 via used tire shipments  from Japan . As an invasive species, the likelihood of Ae.
Herpesviruses comprise a family of relatively large double stranded DNA viruses, which are widespread among humans and other animals. Roseoloviruses are among the most prevalent viruses in the human population with primary infection occurring during early childhood . Primary infections with HHV 6B and HHV 7 have been reported to cause exanthema subitum  while the clinical symptoms associated with HHV 6A are still unclear.
Although common in Nature, self assemblies that are principally driven by entropy are rare among the range of synthetic assemblies reported to date. Recently, we have been interested in assembly systems designed to rely on entropic changes. , Specifically, we are investigating the properties of water soluble cavitands such as 1 .
Chromatin structure is organized by nucleosomes, each of which consists of an octamer composed of four core histones  and ~147 bp DNA, which wraps around the octamer. The N terminal tails of histones are extensively modified post translationally, including phosphorylation, acetylation and methylation, which contribute to the modulation of gene expression. More recently, H3K36 trimethylation has also been suggested to regulate RNA splicing , but by and large regulation of RNA splicing by chromatin modifications remains poorly understood.
T regulatory cells  play a critical role in maintaining peripheral tolerance, and their loss results in severe autoimmune disease in both humans and in mice . However, the underlying mechanism remains controversial. However, Tregs are not completely resistant to the antiproliferative effects of rapamycin, and the overall level of Treg expansion in the presence of rapamycin may be insufficient to achieve therapeutic numbers of Tregs .
Mucus secretions serve as the body’s first line of defense against pathogens , toxins , and environmental ultrafine particles  at exposed surfaces not covered by skin, such as the eye and the respiratory, gastrointestinal and cervicovaginal tracts. The barrier properties of mucus are rooted in its dense network of mucin fibers, which contain highly glycosylated  segments interspersed by hydrophobic, lipid coated domains . These features enable mucus to trap foreign particles through steric obstruction and/or adhesion to mucus constituents via hydrophobic, electrostatic and hydrogen bonding interactions.
Optimal adherence to highly active antiretroviral therapy  is crucial to maximize the clinical benefits of treatment, delay disease progression, and to prevent the emergence and transmission of drug resistant viruses. Maintaining long term adherence to HAART is difficult due to complex regimens, unpleasant side effects and because patients with HIV infection must take HAART consistently for the duration of their lives. Thus it is critical to identify modifiable factors that impede long term adherence to HAART .
With Edward Kendall’s discovery of compound E, Louis Sarrett’s synthesis of ‘cortisone’ and Philip Hench’s successful application to a patient with rheumatoid arthritis , glucocorticoids  became the ‘wonder drug’ of the 20th century and have held a special place in the management of rheumatoid arthritis ever since . Their use is cost effective and their potent anti inflammatory properties help provide rapid symptomatic relief. A better understanding of these adversities has changed the status of GCs to ‘best friend, worst enemy’ and despite extensive clinical experience with their use, there remains significant controversy among clinicians with respect to their efficacy, safety, optimal dose and duration of therapy .
The population in the US is progressively aging. The proportion of the population aged >65 years is projected to increase from 12.4% to 19.6% by 2030. and the absolute number of elderly persons is projected to increase from approximately 35 million to 71 million. As the population ages, older adults will have surgery more frequently.
Memory storage remains a limitation when running very large neuronal networks . With number of neurons n, connectivity storage grows as n2. With connectivity densities of 0.110%, 1 · 106 neurons will require from 1 · 109 to 1 · 1011 synapses.
Banned organochlorine  insecticides are widespread persistent organic pollutants that bioaccumulate in wildlife and humans. They are neurotoxic through their interactions with ion channels . Others, such as dieldrin, are tumor promoters in rodent models .
ATP dependent cyclical interactions between myosin containing thick filaments and actin containing thin filaments drive muscle contraction in all animals. Biochemical and structural data suggest that initial crossbridge binding evokes allosteric effects on thin filaments involving a propagated opening of myosin binding sites along the filaments leading to cooperative activation of contraction . TnC serves as the Ca2+ sensor of the troponin complex.
Glycerol 3 phosphate acyltransferase 1 converts sn glycerol 3 phosphate to 1 acyl sn glycerol 3 phosphate, the first step in the biosynthetic pathway of all glycerolipids. It is known that lipogenic enzymes such as acetyl CoA carboxylase  and fatty acid synthase , like mtGPAT, are hormonally and nutritionally regulated   properties consistent with their role in triacylglycerol synthesis . Studies show that insulin and EGF stimulate lipogenesis and ACC activity in isolated adipocytes .
Venous thromboembolism , comprising the conditions of deep vein thrombosis  and pulmonary embolism , is the third most common cardiovascular disorder in adult Americans. While the magnitude of VTE increases dramatically with advancing age, relatively little is known about the natural history of this disorder in the elderly. The high risk elderly population has unfortunately been under represented in clinical trials evaluating therapeutic options for this condition, thereby leaving clinicians to generalize resulting data to the elderly when making clinical decisions.
The neuregulin 1  encodes a family of growth factors that interact with ERBB receptor tyrosine kinases via the epidermal growth factor  like domain to initiate intracellular signaling cascades critical to neuronal functions . The NRG1 proteins are divided into 6 types, Types I to VI. NRG1 proproteins undergo extracellular proteolytic processing at the juxtamembrane region to release EGF like domain, which then participates in paracrine signaling involving ERBB receptors .
Cochlear implants are the first successful example of replacing a human sensory end organ with an electronic device. There are two main reasons why the cochlear implant is considered one of the major medical advances of the twentieth century. This is a hypothesis that cannot be easily tested with animal models because animals do not have speech and language.
Hepatocellular carcinoma  is the most common primary hepatic malignancy and is the second most common cause of cancer related deaths in the world. Several variables affect the risk of recurrence following resection, including tumor size, tumor number, and vascular invasion. CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes are the major effectors against tumor cells .
Mast cells  are stem cell factor  dependent hematopoietic cells that are ubiquitously distributed throughout the body  and they initiate inflammatory responses to allergens and infectious agents . The importance of c Kit signaling in MC proliferation makes it crucial to understand the basic mechanisms by which Kit regulates MC function. They are derivatives of arachidonic acid generated by MCs, eosinophils, basophils, macrophages, and myeloid dendritic cells , and act through two main receptors, CysLT1R and CysLT2R .
While medical advances have improved cancer survival, there is an increasing emphasis on addressing the “human costs” of cancer treatment . Among the most promising predictors are response expectancies . For example, an expectation that one will become nauseated would be considered a response expectancy, while expectations that one will be able to lift one’s arm, or that it will rain today would not.
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease characterized by joint inflammation and progressive cartilage and bone erosion . Murine models of collagen induced arthritis  have been widely used to understand the development of erosive autoimmune arthritis . Pathogenesis of both RA and CIA involve pannus formation and hyperplastic inflammatory tissue that invades the articular cartilage and bone of the joints .
Halophilic Archaea  represent some of the mostextremophilic microorganisms known. Some Haloarchaea arepolyextremophilic, displaying resistance to several stressors in the environment. NRC 1 was the first in the Haloarchaeafamily to be sequenced and provided a convenient experimental genetic system forpostgenomic studies of DNA repair and replication .
When Ca2+ enters cells in response to depletion of intracellular stores, it is called store operated Ca2+ entry, and serves as the major route of Ca2+ entry into animal cells . Depletion of Ca2+ in the ER induces a series of events in the conformation and localization of STIM1, enabling it to interact with and open ORAI1, a CRAC channel located in the plasma membrane, restoring cytosolic and ER Ca2+ concentrations . Platelets of Orai1−/− mice display defective store operated Ca2+ entry and impaired activation and thrombus formation under flow in vitro .
In bilingual populations, residual differences can be seen between native and non native language processing, even if both languages are spoken well. Thus, it is more difficult for non native listeners to understand speech in a noisy background than it is for native listeners . This advantage of the native language for speech recognition under poor listening conditions exists even if the second language is spoken very proficiently .
Since the first description of simple and complex cells in the primary visual cortex  , the synaptic circuits underlying these two types of cells have been extensively studied and discussed. It is generally proposed for simple cells that the spatially segregated On and Off subregions in their receptive fields  primarily originate from convergent inputs from On  and Off center thalamic relay cells, respectively . However, the results contradicting the push pull model have also been obtained.
Single particle electron microscopy  is routinely used to resolve the three dimensional  structure of large macromolecular assemblies . To overcome these reconstruction issues and, ultimately to understand the functional significance of structural heterogeneity it is therefore vital to develop methods that are able to resolve the heterogeneity within the data and obtain higher resolution multi model reconstructions . However, in a more general scenario, structural variability may result when flexible regions within a molecule are not stabilized in any particular state, but instead can occupy a continuum of structural states.
Programming refers to the action of a factor during a sensitive developmental period affecting the organization and maturity of specific organs. Considering the extended pre  and postnatal developmental trajectory of the brain, it is apparent that early life experiences have the potential to sculpt brain morphology. During development of the human brain, little synapse formation occurs before the beginning of the third trimester, when it accelerates to approximately 40,000 synapses per minute  .
Infections acquired during hospitalization  are associated with increased hospital length of stay, rates of death, and increased costs. Substantial effort is devoted to preventing healthcare associated infections through practices designed to reduce the transmission of nosocomial pathogens, such as hand hygiene, bundles for insertion and care of devices, and isolation of patients with multi drug resistant organisms , . The skin of hospitalized patients is a reservoir for pathogens and invasion by skin flora is thought to be a mechanism contributing to healthcare associated infections.
Filling out personality measures takes time. Unfortunately, time is a precious commodity in most psychological studies, and investigators who wish to comprehensively assess their participants’ personalities must balance that wish against the need to allocate sufficient time to other components of a study. Most prominently, the “Big Five” domains of personality are now routinely measured using 20 item, 10 item or even 5 item personality inventories in place of much longer measures .
Staphylococcus aureus, a persistent nasal colonizer in approximately one third of the human population , causes infections ranging from superficial skin lesions to life threatening syndromes such as endocarditis, osteomyelitis, toxic shock, and sepsis . Indeed, S. aureus is the second leading cause of healthcare associated bacteremia, accounting for ~13 % of such infections. Of note, the acquisition of nosocomial S. aureus bloodstream infections leads to extended length of hospital stay and increased antibiotic usage, costs, and mortality  .
  Participants were asked to make judgments about the probability of an air traffic conflict, a horizontal loss of separation of 5 nautical miles . The Navigation Display   was an egocentric display. The Traffic Heading Information display on the EID  contained a compass that had a grey hash mark for every displayed traffic heading during the trial.
Epithelial tubes enable the rapid distribution of liquids, gases, and circulating cells throughout the body. For example, vertebrate vascular endothelial cells form a lumen when cytoplasmic vesicles accumulate in a central region of the cell and fuse with one another, or fuse with an invading apical membrane domain . Polarization in many cells is mediated by the proteins PAR 3 , PAR 6  and aPKC  , which are collectively called PAR proteins.
Colonoscopy is the primary modality for prevention of colorectal cancer  per multisociety guidelines , and the cost effectiveness of CRC screening with colonoscopy is primarily dependent on high quality baseline examination and adherence to guideline recommendations for timing of repeat screening colonoscopy . CMS proposed a new quality measure for the 2013 PQRS: frequency of recommending repeat colonoscopy in 10 years after a normal colonoscopy in an average risk patient . By 2014, failure to report will result in a reduction in Medicare payments.
Skin cancer is the most common cancer in the US . Targeting these molecular pathways has been demonstrated to hold promise for skin cancer prevention  . SIRT6 is an anti aging protein important for many aspects of organismal health .
A recognized important component of the pathophysiology of hemorrhagic shock  is an increase in vascular permeability. Apoptosis is initiated either via the extrinsic “death ligand” pathway or the intrinsic “mitochondrial” pathway . This catenin cadherin interaction has been shown to be the most important determinant of junctional strength and paracellular permeability , and loss of integrity of this interaction leads to significant changes in vascular permeability .
Temporal lobe epilepsy is the most common type of epilepsy in adults . In many patients with temporal lobe epilepsy the dentate gyrus displays abnormal features: loss of neurons in the hilus , including GABAergic interneurons , dispersion of granule cells , mossy fiber sprouting , and possibly more granule cells with basal dendrites that extend into the hilus . In some species, including certain bats  and monkeys , a subpopulation of granule cells regularly has basal dendrites.
Primary ovarian insufficiency , which is probably a more appropriate term for premature ovarian failure , is a disorder associated with female infertility affecting 1 2% of women under 40 years . This disease may be characterized by primary amenorrhea  in major defects with prepubertal onset or secondary amenorrhea  in women with post pubertal onset. The secreted bioactive mature BMP15 dimers signal through serine/threonine kinase receptors.
With increasing participation in youth sports, there is an increasing desire for young athletes to achieve peak performance . Resistance training may be one of the most popular and effective forms of conditioning aimed at enhancing sports performance, and its use is widespread among high school, college, and professional athletes . However, resistance training in the young athlete has been controversial.
The respiratory system has evolved a potent ability of host defense against bacterial infection. Alveolar epithelial and immune cells, such as macrophages, are the critical components of innate immune system to recognize invading microbes and use inflammatory signals to concert an effective innate and adaptive immune response, , . Gram negative bacteria are commonly isolated from hospital acquired infection patients and can cause serious acute and chronic infections in susceptible individuals.
Recent reports suggest that up to 40% of patients who have a sagittal split ramus osteotomy  experience persistent  neurosensory alteration . Several authors have suggested that the anatomical position of the mandibular canal and surrounding bone quality before surgery may be related to the likelihood of nerve injury during an SSRO,. Others have suggested that the placement of osteotomy cuts and/or fixation placement may be important contributors to the possibility of nerve injury,.
As unintentional injuries continue to be the leading cause of hospitalization and death for toddlers between the ages of 1 and 4, the Centers for Disease Control in the United States has argued that child supervision is a key factor in reducing injuries and fatalities . Considering supervision as integral to the affective relationships between caretaker and child facilitates an examination of a sociality where economics and gender matter in defining who is and is not a ‘good’ supervisor . Some mothers let their children run and play with friends or siblings while they sat nearby on a blanket.
Malignant gliomas are the most common tumors in the central nervous system . Acquisition of malignant growth, insidious invasion, high neovascularization, and resistance to therapies by glioma cells involve multiple genetic alterations, such as epidermal growth factor receptor  overexpression, that activate various cellular signaling pathways . The most common EGFR mutation is EGFRvIII, an in frame deletion of exons 2 to 7 in the gene that encodes amino acid residues 6 to 273, resulting in a ligand independent, constitutively active, and cell surfaceretained receptor .
Burn patients are at high risk for infection. Burn injury causes significant immune dysfunction, which might be attributable to burn induced apoptosis in immune organs., As the thymus degenerates with age in humans, the spleen plays a pivotal role in human immune defenses. This splenic dysfunction is recognized as an important factor in burn associated infections.
Tissue reperfusion following a period of ischemia triggers a complement dependent inflammatory reaction that culminates in necrotic and apoptotic cell death. established that following ischemia and reperfusion  of skeletal muscle, complement is activated by self reactive natural IgM antibodies  that bind to post ischemic tissue. So called natural IgM Abs are produced mainly by the B 1 subset of B lymphocytes, and the screening of hybridomas generated from an enriched B 1 cell fraction led to the identification of an IgM mAb that recognized non muscle myosin expressed in reperfused tissues , .
RNAs carry out a myriad of cellular functions, many of which require folding to specific structures. Because structured RNAs typically include base paired regions that form favorably even as isolated elements, globally unfolded conformations are generally not stable. The high stability of local structure also poses challenges for the kinetics of folding, because disruptions of native or non native contacts that are necessary to allow refolding of misfolded intermediates can be slow enough to limit the overall rate of folding.
Cognitive dysfunction is a critical component of schizophrenia and a major predictor of impaired long term outcome . Although traditional models of schizophrenia focused on dysfunction within a limited number of cognitive domains, more recent batteries incorporate a wider range of domains, including perceptual level testing  . The present study investigates mechanisms underlying cognitive dysfunction in schizophrenia using the perceptual closure task , which requires integration between lower and higher level brain regions.
B cell regulator of immunoglobulin heavy chain transcription  was the first eukaryotic member of the ARID  family of DNA binding proteins described  but its function in vivo has not been elucidated. ARID containing proteins are expressed in a wide range of organisms including Drosophila, C. elegans and Xenopus  where they have diverse functions, including roles in gene expression, physical development, and cell growth . While all contain a similar ARID sequence, only a few of the ARID3 subfamily members  bind specific DNA motifs, and gene targets have been identified for only a handful of those .
Since 1922, lifelong insulin replacement has been the mainstay of type 1 diabetes treatment. However, cells thus generated are often polyhormonal, and are characterized by an indifferent response to glucose, unless transplanted into mice, where they acquire undetermined factors required for their functional “maturation”, . Although terminally differentiated β cells are only present in the pancreas, endocrine progenitors with similar features to pancreatic endocrine progenitors are also found in the intestine, the site of the body’s largest endocrine system.
Vaccinia virus  is a large DNA virus widely known for its use as a vaccine for the closely related variola virus, the causative agent of smallpox . Vaccination is accomplished by inoculation in the skin by scarification of the epidermis. Inoculation typically results in a localized VV infection of keratinocytes at the inoculation site.
Nitrone spin traps are a class of synthetic chemicals specifically designed for trapping free radicals and making them more stable. Two commonly used nitrone spin traps are 5,5 dimethyl 1 pyrroline N oxide  and phenyl N tert butylnitrone . It produces a diverse array of protective or beneficial effects in animal models of disease and injury that include endotoxin shock, ischemia reperfusion injury, stroke, intracerebral glioma, and aging  .
Since a predominant area of focus in the newly expanded antiretroviral therapy  era has been cardiovascular problems such as insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia, and fat redistribution, other emerging metabolic alterations have been, for the most part, neglected. For example, data indicate that ART carries the potential to alter calcium  metabolism  . Similar to ART, animal studies have revealed a significant inverse relationship between calcaemia and ethanol consumption .
Pediatric low grade astrocytomas  encompass the most frequent primary brain tumors afflicting children. These alterations lead to increased downstream signaling pathways that have been found to be active in PLGA, particularly MAPK . Other PLGA subtypes have different alterations.
Acetaminophen  is one of the most widely used drugs to relieve mild to moderate pain and reduce fever . APAP is bioactivated to a toxic reactive metabolite, N acetyl p benzoquinone imine , by cytochrome 2E1  and, to a much lesser extent, cyp1A2 in the liver. Cyp2E1 is critically involved in the bioactivation of APAP to form NAPQI and, thus, APAP hepatotoxicity .
Juvenile idiopathic arthritis  is the most common rheumatic disease of childhood with an incidence of 2 to 20 per 100,000 children, and a prevalence of 16 to 150 per 100,000,. It is a chronic arthritis of unknown etiology with 7 subtypes  oligoarticular persistent, oligoarticular extended polyarticular rheumatoid factor  positive, polyarticular RF negative, systemic, psoriatic, enthesitis related, and undifferentiated JIA. Although JIA is the most commonly used classification scheme, other categorizations include juvenile rheumatoid arthritis  consisting of 3 subtypes  and juvenile chronic arthritis  with 4 subtypes  .
The main olfactory epithelium  of rodents comprises several cell types: ciliated olfactory sensory neurons  sending odorant information to the olfactory bulb, supporting cells that control the local ionic environment, and basal cells that proliferate to give rise to the different epithelial cells . Furthermore, multiple microvillous cells whose function is not well understood have been observed in the MOE of rodents and humans: 1) Microvillous OSNs with an axon projecting to the olfactory bulb  displaying a morphology similar to that of the microvillous sensory neurons of the vomeronasal organ  express the transient receptor channel C2  . 2) Microvillous cells that are not OSNs and lack a basal process/axon .
There is a resurgence of interest in the area of cancer metabolism, including understanding deregulated metabolic pathways, which confer growth advantages to tumors . One metabolic adaptation to energy metabolism in cancer is known as the Warburg Effect , where glycolysis readily occurs even in the presence of oxygen; this classical hallmark of cancer has been associated with the activity and expression of the key enzyme lactate dehydrogenase , where increased enzyme activity has been associated with more aggressive disease . There is a need, therefore, for robust assays of enzyme kinetics, historically carried out by spectrophotometric analysis ; however, the spectrophotometric assays cannot be performed on whole, viable cells and are consequently an indirect method of evaluating response to targeted therapies .
Entering its third decade, the HIV/AIDS epidemic continues to pose a major public health problem. Historically, the primary mode of transmission for HIV in Puerto Rico has been injecting drug use , which accounts for 50% of all cases among adults since 1981 . This judgment is based on an enduring feature of identity conferred by a health problem or health related condition and the judgment is, in some essential way, medically unwarranted.
1,3 Butadiene  is a petrochemical used in production of synthetic rubber and plastics. The International Agency for Research on Cancer has upgraded BD classification to become now listed among agents that “are carcinogenic to humans” . Long term inhalation exposure to BD  has caused tumor formation at multiple organ sites in mice and rats .
Primates have a large representation of the oral cavity, especially of the teeth and tongue, in the primary somatosensory cortex . This is due, in part, to the difficulties in reaching this most lateral part of S1 during microelectrode mapping experiments and studies of connections based on cortical injections . Much like the hand, representations of different parts of the oral cavity and face have been found in multiple areas of somatosensory and motor cortex.
It was previously believed that corneal allograft rejection was solely mediated by CD4+ Th1 immune responses. Th1 cells produce interferon γ  and IL 2 and mediate delayed type hypersensitivity  to the organ donor’s histocompatibility antigens, both of which are closely associated with graft rejection. In the classical T helper cell paradigm, type 2 T helper cells  secrete IL 4, IL 5 and IL 13, as well as other cytokines, which cross regulate Th1 cytokines, thereby suppressing clonal expansion of Th1 cells .
Natural killer  cells can kill cancer cells in the absence of prior stimulation and hold considerable potential for cell based therapies targeting human malignancies . This notion is corroborated by the observation that, among patients with leukemia undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, the antileukemic effect of the transplant was significantly greater when the donor NK cells exhibited a killer inhibitory receptor  profile that predicted a higher cytotoxicity against the leukemic cells of the recipient . Moreover, allogeneic NK cells might be beneficial when directly infused into patients, a procedure that was shown to induce clinical remission in patients with high risk acute myeloid leukemia  .
Invasive weeds that colonize agricultural fields cost millions of dollars in crop losses and weed control measures every year. Many of these agricultural weeds share similar fitness related traits that make them highly competitive with crop species. Cultivated cereals, however, have undergone selection for reduction of shattering during the domestication process, to increase the amount of seed harvested by humans .
Gigantism, a rare condition that causes abnormal growth in children, often has a genetic etiology. Indeed, cases running in a family were first reported in the late 19th century . These lesions, much more common in adults, have an annual incidence of approximately 3 per 1,000,000 and a prevalence of about 60 per 1,000,000  .
An important aspect in the fabrication of microscale systems is the ability to control wetting and surface tension of fluids by defining regions of hydrophilicity. Plasma treatment is widely used for creating hydrophilic surfaces and patterns, and for chemically functionalizing the surface. Because of its simplicity, flexibility, effectiveness, and relatively low cost, plasma treatment has become a popular method in academic labs as well as in industry.
Metanephric adenoma  is a benign, often asymptomatic and incidentally identified renal tumor comprised of primitive metanephric tubular cells . Patients commonly present in the fifth to sixth decade of life, and there is a slight female preponderance . Mitotic activity is usually very low or absent in MA, and necrosis is very rare .
The family of mammalian toll like receptors  includes at least 10 members that sense the presence of pathogenic microorganisms and injury induced endogenous ligands . Activation of TLRs mediates innate immune responses through nuclear factor κB  and interferon regulatory factor  dependent pathways . Activation of TLR2 and TLR4 in adult NPC leads to secretion of pro inflammatory cytokines such as TNF α .
Proline rich tyrosine kinase 2  is a focal adhesion kinase  related protein, also known as calcium dependent tyrosine kinase , cellular adhesion kinase β, related adhesion focal tyrosine kinase , or FAK2 . Recently, Pyk2 has become a potentially important new therapeutic target or prognostic marker because overexpression of Pyk2 has been found in many human tumors . For example, studies on endothelial cells  where FAK plays a critical role during the vascular development showed that they have an adaptive capacity to switch to Pyk2 dependent signaling after deletion of FAK .
C. albicans, in healthy people, resides as a commensal microorganism. However, in immunocompromized patients it becomes an opportunistic fungal pathogen, capable of causing mucosal, cutaneous, and systemic infections including oropharyngeal candidiasis . Most of the currently used antifungal agents target the fungal cell membrane sterol, ergosterol and the cell wall.
The functional imaging technique Intrinsic Signal Optical Imaging ; ; ; for a recent review see ) using red illumination is commonly employed for mapping cortical activity and plays an important role in furthering our understanding of brain function and organization. The detected ISOI signal evoked by a brief stimulus is slow in onset , long in duration , and, at least in the rat , is comprised of three signal phases consisting of a dip in signal below baseline followed by an overshoot in signal above baseline and another dip below baseline . Such practice is at the expense of data collection efficiency, substantially slowing the rate at which trials can be accumulated and hence undesirably prolonging an experiment; also, the occurrence of stimulus deliveries is considerably sparse compared to the stimulation experienced by awake and behaving subjects.
Young adulthood is characterized by important life transitions, often including migration from one’s parents’ home and sexual debut. First, recent societal trends in many countries—including a delay in marriage and steady or decreasing age of sexual debut—are lengthening the period between sexual onset and marriage . Observed relationships between migration and sexual behavior are common.
The process of tumorigenesis, previously thought to stem primarily from genetic changes within transformed cells, is now known to also depend on extracellular signals from non cancerous cells present in the tumor microenvironment  . Among the normal cells that contribute to the TME are bone marrow derived myeloid cells whose function and contribution to neoplastic growth has been best understood . Within the bone marrow microenvironment, BMMSC and osteoblasts provide a supportive niche for homing of hematopoietic stem cells  and tumor cells which promotes quiescence and survival .
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is a neurodegenerative disorder that primarily affects lower motor neurons resulting in progressive muscle atrophy that eventually leads to respiratory failure and death within 15 years . Whereas most cases of ALS occur sporadically with no known cause, approximately 10% of ALS cases are inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. Epidemiological and experimental findings suggest that individuals with high levels of energy expenditure and/or low levels of energy intake may be at increased risk for ALS .
Collagen type I from skin and tendon is highly conserved teleologically, and has optimal compatibility as a biomaterial. For these reasons, collagen has served as the fundamental component in a wide variety of engineered tissues, including skin, bone, blood vessels, tracheae, and nerve   . Pore size can be optimized for cellular attachment, migration and proliferation by several different methods including, but not limited to, lyophilization, electrospinning or solvent casting ,  .
High rates of injury incidence related to sports and recreation in children aged 1014 years  identify adolescence as a potential period of childhood development in which children may be at an amplified risk for such injuries. There is some evidence that indicates that the timing of increased injury risk may coincide with the adolescent growth spurt. Injuries at this age can devastate a child's ability to participate in physical activities and may trigger long term sequelae such as early onset of osteoarthritis.
Magnetic resonance angiography  is a useful tool in the diagnosis of vascular diseases and the monitoring of their treatment. Meanwhile, conventional non contrast enhanced techniques such as time of flight and phase contrast angiography rely on blood flow to generate contrast . On the other hand, flow independent angiography  exploits the inherent MR properties  of the tissues .
Tumor necrosis factor  related apoptosis inducing ligand , a potent death ligand that preferentially induces apoptosis in transformed cells, is under evaluation as an anti cancer agent in humans, . TRAIL initiates apoptosis signaling cascades by ligating two death receptors, death receptor 4   and death receptor 5   . TRAIL signaling in liver is especially important where receptor expression can suppress hepatocarcinogenesis, in addition to its potential efficacy in targeting established tumors, .
Natural killer  cells defined by CD56 expression and the absence of CD3 comprise 1015% of peripheral blood lymphocytes. They also reside in spleen, bone marrow, lymph nodes, liver, intestine and the pregnant uterus. In this process NK cells become functionally competent.
Scientific interest in one carbon metabolism  and cancer risk is increasing. The primary component of the system is folate, and the transfer reactions involve conversions between several of its forms. Other key components include vitamins B2, B6, and B12, each of which acts as an essential cofactor for one or more enzymes that catalyze one carbon transfer reactions .
In nuclear medicine imaging it is essential to find a balance between diagnostic quality of the images, which can, in principle, be improved by longer acquisition times, with the need to reduce acquisition time or injected activity. Human and mathematical observer studies and ROC analysis are powerful tools for optimizing and evaluating image quality for a variety of applications . In nuclear medicine imaging, quantum noise results from the random nature of radioactive decay and absorption, resulting in Poisson noise in acquired projection data.
Catheter ablation is finding increasing use in modern medicine. Current ablation strategies include thermal ablation , ethanol injection and photodynamic therapy. Characteristic of all approaches is the indiscriminant destruction of both cells and extra cellular structures within the ablated volume.
The theoretical foundations of speech comprehension and production modeling date back to the nineteenth century when it was observed that language disorders resulted from lesions to particular cortical regions . Since that time, pioneering human electrical stimulation studies mapping cortical representations of the speech articulators  and investigations on patients with stroke related lesions  have elaborated initial theories, providing greater detail into the functional segregation of brain regions involved in speech production and perception. Modern theoretical perspectives propose that speech perception and production might be more accurately characterized by a large network of interacting brain areas rather than local independent modules  .
It has been shown that the traditional biomedical approach is insufficient for understanding chronic pain. , Many patients show poor treatment response despite diverse rehabilitation modalities. In recent years, it is increasingly recognized that patients’ pain experience is heterogeneous, and that treatment should be tailored to enhance efficacy.
Malignant rhabdoid tumor  is a rare and extremely aggressive childhood cancer. While the most common locations occur in the kidney and central nervous system, MRT also arise in almost any site . Despite significant advances in the treatment and outcome of other pediatric tumors, for MRTs diagnosed before the age of 6 months, patient survival at 4 years drops to approximately 8.8% .
Corynebacterium jeikeium is a clinically important opportunisticpathogen capable of causing a wide range of disorders including endocarditis, septicemia,joint infection, pneumonia, osteomyelitis, meningitis, and soft tissue infection , particularly inimmunocompromised patients or those with indwelling medical devices. It is recognized as themost frequently recovered medically significant Corynebacterium speciesamong patients in intensive care facilities, with the capacity for nosocomial dissemination . Previous work  hassought to investigate the range of genomic, physiological, and phenotypic differencesdisplayed by this organism.
Aging issues in cancer are becoming more prominent as age projections suggest the number of geriatric cancer patients will increase in the next 20 to 30 years. Physically healthy older individuals experience significant levels of depression . Among the elderly with chronic illness, depression  often interferes with the ability to make treatment decisions and adhere to lengthy treatment regimens.
Prostate cancer  is the most common cancer in elderly men with one out of six men afflicted with this malignancy in the United States . Androgen receptor  mediated signaling cascade is central to normal prostate physiology/homeostasis . Under pathological condition such as PCA, this signaling cascade functions as the contributory factor .
Smoking blends containing high efficacy synthetic cannabinoids  have recently emerged as popular substitutes for cannabis. Commercial preparations of these products are readily available, heavily marketed toward young people, perceived as safe, and not easily detected in drug screens . Like Δ9 tetrahydrocannabinol , the primary psychoactive constituent of marijuana, the synthetic compounds in these smoking products are presumed to elicit their psychoactive effects by activating CB1 cannabinoid receptors  in the CNS, although many of these compounds possess much higher efficacy than Δ9 THC .
The bipotent population of cells that give rise to both cortical  aswell as medullary epithelial  cells that participate in the maintenance ofself tolerance within the organism  has received much attention in recent years. Previous studies showed thymic epithelium  to be generated exclusively fromthe endoderm . This morphology results in a visibly densely packed cortexsurrounding a markedly more defused medulla.
Injuries from trauma continue to be the leading cause of death for persons less than 45 years of age in the U.S. . Despite recent advances in trauma and critical care, as well as an improved understanding of the basic pathophysiology of severe trauma and its sequelae, morbidity and mortality, especially later following trauma, remain high . Although it is generally accepted that murine models do not fully recapitulate the human condition in its entirety, they remain the mainstay for invasive and interventional studies in trauma and burns .
Methamphetamine  is one of the most commonly abused drugs in the U.S. Approximately 10.4 million Americans 12 years of age or older have used MA for non medical reasons at least once in their lifetimes . This behavioral sensitization is long lasting and can be reinstated after chronic administration has ceased.
Compromised energy metabolism in brain cells is believed to play a pivotal role in the dysfunction and degeneration of neurons that occurs in disorders such as stroke and Alzheimer's disease . The energy demand of neurons in the brain is increased when they are stimulated by glutamate, an excitatory neurotransmitter critical for cognition, motor function, and other behaviors . Impaired glutamate reuptake through glutamate transporters in astrocytes and neurons further exacerbates the extracellular accumulation of glutamate.
A link between the ABO blood group system and malaria susceptibility has long been suspected. Significant associations between blood group and P. falciparum malaria have been reported from cross sectional and case control studies in Brazil, Gabon, India, Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe  ). The ABO A and B antigens have been implicated in the formation of ‘rosettes’ the process by which infected red blood cells  surround themselves with uninfected erythrocytes .
Previous implementation of 3D Single Breath hold Chemical Shift Imaging  in humans has already been demonstrated for evaluating hyperpolarized xenon 129  distribution in multiple lung compartments in healthy subjects and in subjects with cystic fibrosis . Here, we report the application of this technique for assessing, in a regional manner, pulmonary ventilation and gas uptake exchange in lung tissue and in the red blood cells  in smokers and second hand smokers . Eight subjects enrolled in this study underwent 3D SB CSI, .
The lifetime risk of colorectal cancer  in Western populations is about 5 6%, with annual incidence rates of 48 50 per 100,000 population. The National Polyp Study , a prospective clinical trial documented 76% CRC incidence reduction among 1,418 patients provided colonoscopic polypectomy over 5.9 years of mean follow up, and a CRC mortality reduction of 53% over 15.8 years of follow up relative to the general population. , The outcomes of community based colonoscopy programs have shown much lower cancer protection rates.
Plants produce thousands of phenolic compounds, which play roles in plant development and interactions with microbes . In response to root pathogens, many plants release de novo synthesized HCAs into the rhizosphere, and grapevines infected with Xylella accumulate HCAs and HCA conjugates in their xylem sap . HCAs are broadly antimicrobial; they disrupt membrane integrity and decouple the respiratory proton gradient .
Adoptive transfer of human hematopoietic stem cells  into immunodeficient mice that lack T cells, B cells and natural killer  cells can lead to stable engraftment of human HSCs . For example, SCID mice that were transplanted with human thymus, bone marrow and skin failed to generate any antigen specific IgG following immunization with tetanus toxoid  vaccine . Although additional transplantation of human lymph nodes into the recipient mice improved antibody response, the level of TT specific human IgG was still very low  .
Autism spectrum disorder  is a heterogeneous disorder with significant genotypic and phenotypic complexity . Indeed, with the transition to the DSM 5, all behaviorally defined subtypes have been subsumed by the umbrella term Autism Spectrum Disorder, allowing for identification of subtypes more closely aligned to biological mechanisms . The genetic etiology of ASD is no less varied.
Antigen presenting cells  play a central role in the induction of T cell activation as well as T cell tolerance. A major regulatory mechanism for IL 10 production occurs at the transcriptional level, and it is dictated by negative and positive feedback loops involving several transcriptional regulators and signaling pathways that are cell type specific. Important transcriptional regulators of IL 10 include STAT3, Sp1, AP 1, NFκB, C/EBPβ, and GATA3.
Colorectal cancer  is the second leading cause of cancer related deathin the United States  when men and women are considered together . The estimated fraction of CRC attributed toinherited predisposition ranges between 1030% . As a result, it is possible that the conventional syndrome basedapproach to performing inherited cancer predisposition testing, which includesgenerating a differential diagnosis and sequentially testing for single geneticconditions, may shift to panel based tests .
Phenotype driven screens of mutagenized populations of cells underlie much of the advances made in modern genetic research in the last century . Such endeavors, however, were limited mostly to lower organisms. Although regional or genome wide mutagenesis and phenotypic screens have been carried out in mice by several large laboratories, the operational burden in cost and time was extremely high.
Normal heart rhythms originate in the sinoatrial node. HCN encoded funny current  and the Kir2 encoded inward rectifier  counteract each other by respectively oscillating and stabilizing the negative resting membrane potential, controlling action potential firing. Therefore, IK1 suppression and If overexpression have been independently exploited to convert cardiomyocytes  into AP firing bioartificial pacemakers.
The thymus provides a unique inductive microenvironment for the maturation of bone marrow derived precursor cells into the immunocompetent T lymphocytes. This microenvironment is composed of various nonlymphoid cells. Additionally, it has been shown that the interactions between nonlymphoid cells of the thymic warp and maturing thymocytes are bidirectional: the latter cells control the maturation of respective nonlymphoid cells and induce the formation of microenvironmental niches for their own development .
Earlier, we reported syntheses of ethyl β D galactopyranosyl  2′ deoxy 2′ fluoro β D glucopyranoside  and 1′ fluoroethyl β D lactose  for positron emission tomography  of pancreatic carcinoma. Et FDL requires a precursor, which involves 11 steps to synthesize and produces overall low yields. Synthesis of precursors for  FEL requires four steps, but those precursors produced low radiochemical yields.
Lateral interactions mediated by local interneurons  are ubiquitous in neural networks. In insects, olfactory receptor neurons  on the antennae detect specific suites of odors and send this information to the primary olfactory neuropil in the insect brain, the antennal lobe . The lateral interactions exerted within the AL differ across species.
Breast cancer is the most prevalent cancer diagnosis in women. It is a significant cause of mortality and morbidity in the United States, with an estimated 182,460 new cases of invasive breast cancer and 40,480 new deaths in the year 2008  . Steady improvements in the survival rates of patients with breast cancer have been observed in recent years.
Lung cancer is the world’s leading cause of cancer death, and non small cell lung cancer  accounts for 8085% of lung cancer cases. Cisplatin  or carboplatin based combinations are generally used in metastatic NSCLC, and yield median survival times  of 810 months. Platinum based regimens are combined with radiotherapy for inoperable stage IIIA and IIIB NSCLC, with MSTs of 1518 months, and adjuvant platinum based chemotherapy increases 5 year survival rates by approximately 5% in patients with resected NSCLC, with the major benefit being seen in stages II and III.
Defects in formation of the human brain are common, devastating birth defects. Both genetic and environmental factors contribute to these conditions. Dozens of genes have been identified that affect these aspects of neural development; in addition, dietary deficiencies, maternal diabetes, and maternal use of alcohol or tobacco increase the frequency of neural tube defects and microcephaly .
Excess of glucocorticoids , either endogenous as in aging or due to glucocorticoid administration as immunosuppressants, leads to loss of bone . Chronic GC therapy is prescribed for a multitude of medical conditions including autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, organ transplants, asthma, as a component of cancer chemotherapies, and a variety of inflammatory afflictions . Patients with chronic GC exposure exhibit a consistent reduced bone formation rate and histomorphometric features of increased bone resorption .
Ricin is a heterodimeric toxin which inactivates ribosomes. Attempts to treat and/or protect animals from ricin intoxication have been numerous and varied and fall into three categories:  post exposure passive immunization,  post exposure treatment with small molecules, and  prophylactic immunization. Several approaches have been taken to develop an effective vaccine.
Organogenesis integrates signaling, proliferation, patterning and structural processes to generate the variety of forms and functions essential to viability. During the subsequent pupal period, further growth and branching morphogenesis lead to its forming the Dorsal Air Sacs, the major tracheal organs of the adult fly that deliver oxygen to the thoracic flight muscles . Although ASP development, structure and physiology are largely unexplored, the ASP promises to be an excellent system for investigating basic mechanisms of organogenesis.
Military service can have positive as well as negative consequences  and both short term and long term effects. The psychosocial stress experienced by veterans with a history of active combat has both psychological and physical components. Approximately 65% of American men over the age of 55 served in World War II or the Korean conflict and about 25% of older American men were exposed to combat early in their lives.
Parkinson’s disease  is one of the most common neurodegenerative diseases in the world, affecting nearly 1.8% of people above 65 years of age in Europe . Although PD is a sporadic disease in most cases, various hereditary forms have similar clinical phenotypes to those of sporadic PD. Genetic studies on these familial forms of PD have provided critical clues that enhance the understanding of the molecular mechanisms of selective degeneration of nigral dopaminergic neurons.
Mounting evidence has shown that a significant proportion of pelvic high grade serous carcinomas  arise from a non invasive occult carcinoma in the distal fallopian tube, designated “serous tubal intraepithelial carcinoma ”. STICs have been identified in 1015% of prophylactic salpingo oophorectomy specimens from women with germline BRCA mutations, , and in the tubal fimbriae from up to 60% of women with sporadic ovarian HGSC. Complete microscopic sectioning of fallopian tubes has also revealed focal proliferations of morphologically normal secretory cells that show diffuse p53 immunoreactivity, termed “p53 signatures,” which may represent early clonal expansions of tumour initiating cells .
In 20092010, 17% of United States  children ages 219 years were obese, with greater odds of obesity among black and Hispanic children. Though little is known about the influence of having a non US born parent on obesity related behaviors in childhood,  designing appropriate interventions for these children will be key to addressing racial/ethnic disparities. Evidence suggests that immigrant adults have lower obesity risk despite lower income and educational attainment.
The hepatitis C virus  is an important human pathogen, infecting an estimated 120 180 million individuals worldwide. Although HCV is recognized and targeted by innate, cellular, and humoral immune mechanisms, persistent infection is common. Infected individuals may develop cirrhosis, liver failure, hepatocellular carcinoma, and extrahepatic diseases including mixed cryoglobulinemia and non Hodgkin lymphoma .
Each year, nearly 400,000 Americans ages 65 and older are hospitalized for pneumonia .Pneumonia is the third most common cause of hospitalization among Americans 6584 years old, and the second most common among those over age 85 . Nearly 11% of older adults hospitalized for pneumonia die within 30 days of hospitalization , and approximately half die within one year . Beyond increased mortality, hospitalization for pneumonia may raise the risk of subsequent cognitive and functional decline .
Scaffold design is important in tissue engineering due to its role in supporting cell attachment and growth, assisting exchanges of nutrients/oxygen and metabolite wastes, and eventually facilitating the formation of a functional tissue/organ. Many parameters need to be considered for scaffold design: pore size, porosity, interconnectivity, surface properties, and mechanical properties, among others . Therefore, much attention has been paid to the impregnation of a scaffold matrix with HAp nanoparticles and the decoration of a scaffold surface with apatite  using a simulated body fluid .
A small for gestational age  neonate is usually defined as one whose birth weight is below the 10th percentile for gestational age. An SGA newborn may be constitutionally small or the consequence of several mechanisms of disease, such as uteroplacental insufficiency, chromosomal abnormalities, congenital infection, genetic syndromes, etc. Therefore, SGA is considered one of the “great obstetrical syndromes” because it has multiple etiologies, a long preclinical phase and the other criteria that define these syndromes.
The utility of thoracic radiotherapy is limited by the radiosensitivity of normal lung parenchyma . Clinically significant radiation lung injury occurs in up to 30% of patients irradiated for lung cancer  and in about 1015% of other thoracic oncology patients . Currently, the only way to decrease the chance of developing life threatening radiation pneumonopathy is to minimize the amount of lung exposed to radiation.
Elements of cellular immunity interact with malignant tissue, and can control circulating cancer cells and residual disease even if ineffective against the primary tumor. Specifically, studies in animals and humans have indicated that immune control over circulating tumor cells and micrometastases is carried mainly through cell mediated immunity , including CTL, NKT cells, macrophages, DC, and NKC . Molecular mechanisms of tumor recognition by NK cells have been recently revealed, and a role for NK cells in controlling leukemia and metastases in humans has received substantial support  .
The use of macromolecular carriers for the delivery of chemotherapeutics originated from the hypothesis that polymers may be used to improve both the solubility and the blood circulation time of small molecule drugs . It was later discovered that macromolecules have the additional benefit of increased accumulation in tumor tissue as a result of the leaky vasculature surrounding rapidly growing neoplasm—a concept known as the enhanced permeation and retention  effect . Important design features  include a long blood circulation time, high tumor accumulation, high drug loading, low toxicity, low polydispersity index and simple preparation.
Many cardiovascular disorders including ischemic heart disease and heart failure are associated with extensive fibrosis. A critical event in the development of cardiac fibrosis is the transformation of fibroblasts into an active fibroblast phenotype or myofibroblast. Myofibroblasts, which are not present in healthy cardiac tissue with the exception of the valve leaflets, express vimentin, αsmooth muscle actin , collagen types I, III, IV and VIII, and have morphological and biochemical characteristics in between those of fibroblasts and smooth muscle cells.
I feel so embarrassed by thisthis thing… Who would want a wife like this? How can I go out and not feel unable to look people in the eyes and tell them the truth? Once I do, who would want to develop a friendship, I mean a close one?
Phosphodiesterase 6  enzyme complex consists of catalytic PDE6α and PDE6β as well as regulatory PDE6γ subunits. During photoresponse recovery, GNAT1 is deactivated by hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, permitting PDE6γ to rapidly re inhibit PDE6αβ . The function of Ca2+ sensitive GCAPs on the guanylate cyclase feedback loop is thought to be the most predominant mechanism of adaptation in amphibians.
Narcolepsy is now considered to be a neurodegenerative sleep disorder linked to the loss of neurons containing the neuropeptide orexin, also named hypocretin  . In rodents, narcoleptic symptoms are triggered in response to deletion of the HCRT gene , loss of neurons bearing the gene , or deletion of the hypocretin 2 receptor  . Cataplexy, which is defined as a sudden loss of antigravity muscles during waking, is an important diagnostic symptom of the disease.
Pain is an international health problem, affecting approximately 1 in every 5 individuals . Approximately 200 million opioid prescriptions are written annually in the United States, and in 2013 vicodin was the overall number one prescribed medication . Secondary health complications, including opioid abuse and dependence, afflict 2.1 million people .
Enlargement of the left atrium  is an independent predictor of adverse cardiovascular outcomes,  and its prognostic value in a variety of cardiovascular diseases such as atrial fibrillation, myocardial infarction, dilated and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is well documented. Antero posterior  diameter of the LA, assessed by two dimensional echocardiography, is the most widely used measure of LA size in epidemiological studies and in the clinical practice. However, the A P diameter is inaccurate, as it relies on several geometrical assumptions and often results in an underestimation of the LA size when compared to LA volumes.
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a systemic autoimmune disease, and one of its key pathological features is the destruction of joint tissues, including cartilage, by inflamed synovial pannus leading to a loss of joint function. Invading synovial pannus tissue produces proteinases that degrade components of the joint extracellular matrix  . Aggrecan is considered to be lost first in the early stages of RA, followed by collagen degradation.
The glucose 6 phosphatase catalytic subunit  is predominantly expressed in liver and kidney and plays a major role in glucose homeostasis by catalyzing the final step in the glycogenolytic and gluconeogenic pathways, namely the hydrolysis of glucose 6 phosphate to glucose and inorganic phosphate . A global knockout of the IGRP gene results in a mild metabolic phenotype characterized by a ~15% decrease in fasting blood glucose . Unfortunately, attempts to directly demonstrate glucose 6 phosphate hydrolysis by IGRP in vitro have been mostly unsuccessful , raising the question as to whether IGRP requires other cellular factors to exhibit activity or whether it has an unknown catalytic function .
Mycobacterium tuberculosis  infection is a major world public health problem; over 2.0 million people die every year from this common infection. As well, IFNγ can induce autophagy, a mechanism that plays an important role in the innate immunity against intracellular microorganisms ; MHC type II restricted CD4+T cells, MHC class I CD8+T cells and macrophages are important in the protective immunity against Mtb where a decrease of the number or function of these cells results in the reactivation of the infection . The TST is performed by intradermal injection in the anterior forearm of 5 units  of Tuberculin.
Neuromuscular control is believed to be fundamental to minimizing undue stresses and strains to tissues that stabilize the knee . A natural consequence of aging is a loss of muscle mass and strength . One common method to assess the neuromuscular response to a perturbation is to examine the muscles’ long latency responses  that occur before the volitional reaction time .
classic treatise on autism was titled “Autistic Disturbances of Affective Content.” Clinically, individuals with autism have minimal affective response to social aspects of their environment yet can exhibit extreme affect to ostensibly inconsequential nonsocial aspects of the environment. Despite the potential relation of dysregulated affective processes to the core features of autism, little is known about affective disturbances in this disorder. The goal of the present study was to assess basic affective processes in autism via an examination of affective modulation of the startle response, a well validated measure of affective processing.
The development of multicellular organisms occurs in four dimensions: the three axes of space and a fourth axis of time. C. elegans develops into the adult through four larval stages, designated L1 L4. Recent work has shown that several heterochronic genes are evolutionarily conserved in sequence from C. elegans to mammals, epitomized by the developmental timing microRNA  called let 7, which is 100% conserved in humans.
Hypertension affects 65 million adults in the US, 29% of Americans age ≥18 years, and is a major contributor to cardiovascular disease. Despite availability of effective therapies for >50 years, fewer than half of Americans with hypertension had controlled blood pressure In 20012002. Many hypertension control quality improvement strategies exist, but to date, no successful, large scale program sustained over a long period of time has been described.
Despite remarkable advances in the treatment of coronary disease, nearly 1/3 of patients who survive a myocardial infarction develop heart failure within 5 years. This burden of disease has driven investigation of progenitor cell therapy for the heart, including clinical trials of bone marrow derived cells. More recently, the discovery of resident cardiac stem cells, which possess a pre determined cardiac fate and can generate new heart tissue, has spurned interest in their clinical application.
Dynamic Contrast Enhanced  MRI has been proposed as an in vivo cancer imaging tool for diagnosis, monitoring of treatment effect, and evaluation of anti cancer drugs, especially for vascular directed therapies . By modeling the MRI signal as a function of contrast agent exchange between intravascular and extra vascular compartments, DCE MRI is able to infer tissue vascular physiology such as perfusion and permeability. Both semi quantitative and quantitative approaches to DCE MRI kinetic analysis have been utilized.
Chronic progressive kidney disease  risk is strongly predicted by CKD occurrence in family members. Among incident dialysis patients, 23% have a relative with ESRD . Rather hypertension appears to play a permissive role on which other factors determine disease risk.
During the development of the mammalian cerebral cortex, neural progenitor cells located in the ventricular zone  generate the majority of projection neurons via consecutive rounds of expansion and differentiation , but the mechanisms by which progenitor self renewal and differentiation are regulated during cortical development are not well understood . In a previous study we found that ephrin B1 plays a critical role in maintaining the neural progenitor state during cerebral cortical development . Ephrin B is the transmembrane ligand of the Eph receptor tyrosine kinases and transduces a “reverse signal”  in ephrin Eph mediated neural functions .
Profilin 1 , ubiquitously expressed in all cell types, was initially identified as an actin monomer  sequestering protein . Later studies revealed that Pfn1 enhances ADP to ATP exchange on G actin, and is actually capable of facilitating actin polymerization by acting as a shuttle to deliver ATP bound G actin to the barbed ends of actin filaments . Besides actin, Pfn1 binds to various phosphoinositides , phosphatidylinositol 3,4 bisphosphate P2) and phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5 triphosphate ), at least in vitro, and a number of proline rich proteins ranging from those participating in cytoskeletal to transcriptional control in cells .
Candida albicans is the most common fungal pathogen of humans. At the most serious level mortality rates from systemic candidiasis are high. C. albicans possesses a number of putative virulence attributes and among the most widely studied are the secreted aspartyl proteinases , encoded by a family of ten genes  that can be divided into subfamilies based on amino acid sequence homology alignments .
Stroke is the fourth leading cause of death and the leading cause of disability in the United States . Despite tremendous progress in understanding the pathophysiology of ischemic stroke, translation of this knowledge into effective therapies has largely failed. But because of an increased risk of hemorrhage beyond a few hours post stroke, only about 12% of stroke patients can benefit from rtPA  .
Regulatory T  cells are a population of CD4+ T cells with natural suppressive capabilities, which are critical for maintaining peripheral tolerance . Treg cells can be defined by their specific expression of the forkhead family transcription factor, FoxP3, which is necessary for their differentiation and function . Treg cells can be categorized depending upon the location of their origin .
Cardiovascular disease  is the leading cause of premature death in the U.S., both in aggregate and subpopulations of whites, blacks and Latinos. Since 1950, mortality from cardiovascular disease has fallen steadily, but the rate of decline has been greater in whites than in blacks. , Trends in cardiovascular mortality for Latinos have yet to be thoroughly assessed.
Lifetime prevalence of rape is 18% among US adult women, with annual prevalence between 0.3  and 1.1% . Delayed presentation may result in loss of forensic evidence and postpones treatment for sexually transmitted infections, postexposure prophylaxis for HIV, and emergency contraception, which are maximally effective if given early after assault . Rape sequelae include illness and increased healthcare utilization .
Mucormycoses are rare life threatening fungal infections caused by fungi of the order Mucorales . These infections usually afflict patients with immunosuppressed systems due to neutropenia, hematologic malignancies, corticosteroid treatment, diabetes or trauma . Owing to the rising prevalence of diabetes, cancer and transplantation in aging populations in the developed world, the number of mucormycosis infections are rising  .
Childhood cancer survivors are at increased late mortality risk because of the late effects of their cancer and treatment; survivors’ life expectancy is reduced by as much as 28% . Mortality risk has been modified by era of treatment , type of treatment , diagnosis , and demographic characteristics . Although risk of mortality from recurrence or progression of primary disease decreases with length of follow up, survivors demonstrate excess late mortality including a 15 fold increased risk of death attributable to subsequent neoplasms, 7 fold increase in risk of cardiac deaths, and 9 fold increase in risk of pulmonary deaths .
Prostate cancer is the most common form of non skin cancer diagnosed in men in the United States. Over 186,320 new cases will be diagnosed in 2008 . ADT is now prescribed in the setting of localized disease  or for those who have a rising PSA without evidence of metastases after primary therapy.
The robust stimulant qualities of coffee have been enriching human vitality since its incarnation, however only recently have specific health benefits of this brew been reported in the scientific literature. Coffee is now considered as a medically beneficial beverage given inverse associations with metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and weight gain, despite previous reports. revealed a strong inverse dose dependent relationship between coffee consumption and total and cause specific mortality.
Empirical studies and modeling exercises of HIV testing and treatment have demonstrated the effectiveness of universal HIV testing and early treatment in preventing sexual transmission of HIV, lowering community viral load, and consequently reducing HIV incidence among high risk populations such as men who have sex with men  and general populations in both concentrated and generalized epidemic settings . However, in many countries and especially among stigmatized populations, unique individual, social, cultural, and structural barriers to HIV testing and access to care and treatment pose significant challenges to this cascade . MSM in China are becoming the group most highly affected by HIV/AIDS .
Macrophages and T lymphocytes play critical roles in the initiation and development of atherosclerosis. Activated endothelium recruits monocytes by secretion of chemoattractants, after which monocytes bind to and subsequently transmigrate though the endothelial layer . Lesional lymphocytes secrete the inflammatory cytokine IFN γ which further activate macrophages and vascular cells  .
The ability of cytotoxic T lymphocytes to recognize and eradicate diseased cells relies on the surface presentation of small peptide fragments bound onto specialized receptors of the class I Major Histocompatibility Complex  . These epitope precursors have to be trimmed by ER resident aminopeptidases so that they can bind onto nascent MHC class I molecules . ER aminopeptidase 1  has been demonstrated to play a crucial role in trimming peptide precursors leading to the generation or destruction of mature antigenic peptides .
CD4+ T lymphocytes constitute a principal component of the adaptive immune system that functions together with innate immune cells to afford host protection against infection and tissue damage . Among the best studied of these effector subsets are Th1 cells, which secrete IFN γ and provide protection against intracellular pathogens, and Th2 cells, which produce IL 4 in response to extracellular bacteria and parasites . IL 23 does not appear to be required for initial Th17 differentiation, but IL 23 receptor is expressed by developing Th17 cells and IL 23 can stimulate further differentiation, expansion and survival of Th17 cells .
Voltage gated sodium channels are responsible for the initiation phase of action potentials in neurons. There are nine mammalian isoforms of this channel, and they differ in their developmental and tissue specific expression. Nav1.2 and Nav1.6 are two sodium channel isoforms expressed at high levels in the adult CNS.
Medium spiny projection neurons  in the nucleus accumbens  undergo lasting molecular and cellular adaptations following repeated cocaine administration that likely contribute to behavioral changes associated with addiction . Excitatory glutamate input to NAc MSNs is critical in the regulation of behavioral sensitization and drug seeking behavior in animal models of addiction . Subsequent studies suggest these behavioral changes result from withdrawal induced increases in surface expression of AMPAR subunits in the NAc , and enhanced AMPA mediated synaptic currents that facilitate long term potentiation in the NAc  .
Amnestic mild cognitive impairment  is a term used to define the transitional phase between normal aging and early Alzheimer disease . aMCI individuals share similar pathology with AD including temporal lobe atrophy, low CSF Aβ levels, and the accumulation of neurofibrillary tangles in the hippocampus and entorhinal cortex . However, the severity of the pathology is reduced in aMCI compared to AD.
The prenatal period may represent a time when the impact of inhaled environmental agents on respiratory outcomes in the offspring is heightened. Season of birth also has been associated with subsequent development of atopy and asthma in multiple studies. However, studies examining the relationship between a specific season of birth and childhood sensitization to allergens found in higher concentrations during later pregnancy are limited.
South Africa has the largest number of HIV infected people worldwide. Although the yearly mortality due to AIDS related deaths has improved from 257,000 in 2005 to 194,000 in 2010, late diagnosis and poor access to treatment continue to be a challenge. Since the South African antiretroviral treatment  program was rolled out in 2004, there has been increased focus on HIV policies and programs promoting testing.
One of the hallmarks of cancer is the invasion of tumor cells into adjacent normal tissue . The altered microenvironment is recognizable at the light microscopic level as desmoplasia and used by pathologists to diagnose invasion. Cancer associated fibroblasts  constitute a significant component of the tumor stroma.
Among several proposed functions, translocator protein 18 kDa  transports cholesterol across the outer mitochondrial membrane to an enzyme , which converts cholesterol into pregnenolone, a common precursor for steroids . TSPO was first detected in kidney and was originally called the peripheral benzodiazepine receptor. Our lab recently discovered that about 10% of the population show no specific binding to TSPO using PBR28, a PET radioligand with high affinity and selectivity for TSPO .
The membrane raft hypothesis assumes lateral lipid membrane heterogeneity to critically influence cellular functions involving signaling, sorting, and trafficking . This hypothesis evolved from findings from biochemical assays based on the detergent resistance of membrane components at low temperature . Lateral segregation of plasma membrane components is often described within the context of Lo and Ld type membrane phases .
Adult T cell leukemialymphoma  is a highly aggressive T cell malignancy etiologically linked to the retrovirus human T cell leukemia virus type I  . HTLV 1 is transmitted mainly through breastfeeding, sexually, and via blood transfusions, and is endemic in areas of southern Japan, the Caribbean basin, intertropical Africa, South America, the Middle East, and Papua New Guinea. An estimated 1520 million people are infected with HTLV 1 worldwide, the majority of whom are asymptomatic carriers .
Cholesterol serves diverse regulatory and metabolic functions in mammalian cells, including regulation of its own cellular concentration via multiple pathways. In addition, much of cell biology is mediated by the physical properties of lipid bilayers, which can in turn be regulated by cholesterol. Computational models are important for predicting high resolution structural and dynamic properties of the membrane that are not experimentally accessible.
The prevalence of obesity has been increasing at alarming rates worldwide. Obesity has been associated with type 2 diabetes as well as with other chronic diseases, including certain types of cancer, heart disease, and stroke. Likewise, reports of greater depression, more injuries from accidents, and economic loss from unemployment linked to obesity magnify the impact of obesity on health.
Multiple sclerosis  is an inflammatory, demyelinating disease of the central nervous system  believed to be mediated by myelin specific T cells. The majority of patients with MS have lesions disseminated in the brain, and some have accompanying spinal cord lesions. Disease in these models is manifested by ascending flaccid paralysis, referred to as “classic” EAE.
Tracheal stenosis is largely an acquired deformity that results from a combination of events including external trauma and infection as well as iatrogenic causes, such as prolonged endotracheal intubation and tracheotomy. Current surgical treatments consist of serial endoscopic dilation, cartilage grafting, laser ablation, endotracheal stenting, tracheostomy, and segmental resection. These procedures are often associated with significant morbidity and mortality.
The use of plants as factories to produce important pharmaceutical proteins, including vaccine antigens and therapeutic monoclonal antibodies , is attractive for several reasons. First, plants can produce large volumes of proteins efficiently and sustainably and, under certain conditions, can have significant advantages in manufacturing costs . Third, plants possess an endomembrane system and secretory pathway that are similar to mammalian cells , permitting appropriate post translational modification of recombinant proteins, which are often critical to their proper functions .
Stress has been shown to contribute to the induction of various psychiatric disorders such as depression and alcohol dependency . The mesolimbic dopamine  pathway originating in the ventral tegmental area  projects to the nucleus accumbens  and plays a role in reinforcement or motivational behavior, while the nigrostriatal DA pathway originating in the substantia nigra  projects to the dorsal striatum and plays a prominent role in expression of motor behavior . It has been noted that alterations in reward and motivational processes, at the level of dopamine DA neurotransmission, may be implicated in both stress and alcohol dependence .
The t is the most common chromosomal translocation in human low grade lymphomas. More than 85% of follicular lymphomas and 25% of diffuse B cell lymphomas possess this translocation. Two promoters mediate transcriptional control of the bcl 2 gene .
For the unicellular bacterium, this boundary is a structurally complex cell wall integrating cytoskeletal proteins and a cytoskeletal polymer, the peptidoglycan, with membrane bilayer. These membrane proteins may be divided among proteins that associate with the membrane, that embed into the membrane by a single membrane spanning domain , and that embed into the membrane using multiple membrane spanning domains . From the perspective of human control of infection, there is arguably no more important class of bacterial membrane proteins than the Penicillin Binding Proteins .
The antigen antibody complex is a critical interaction exploited in a range of fundamental immune based detection technologies such as immunoblotting, immunohistochemistry, immunoprecipitation and flow cytometric analyses. Yet antibody generation is something of a gamble, with no guarantee for the sensitivity or selectivity of an antibody raised against an epitope from a protein of interest, and whether the antibody will be effective across all desired techniques. Improving the performance of antibodies to enhance detection and signal to noise ratios continues to be a challenge in many research technologies.
Block copolymer  self assembly is considered a powerful route to achieve nanoscale  materials because of its ability to form various periodic structures with tunable length scale. BCPs in hybrids with high inorganic loading can be removed by chemical, photochemical and/or thermal treatments without collapse of the structures, resulting in nanoporous functional materials. Extensive studies of this method have been performed in the last nearly two decades both in thin films and in the bulk.
Plasmodium vivax is a major cause of malaria worldwide leading to >50% of the disease is outside Africa, mainly afflicting Asia and the Americas with approximately 2.5 billion people at risk from vivax malaria . Therefore, an important part of control strategy will be an implementation of a vaccine capable of inducing protective immunity against P. vivax . P. vivax Duffy binding protein  is a 140 kDa type 1 integral membrane protein which belongs to a family of homologous Duffy binding like erythrocyte binding proteins  located within the micronemes of Plasmodium merozoites .
For over 50 years Abraham Maslow’s hierarchy of needs has been one of the most cited theories of human behavior . At the top of Maslow’s pyramid is the need for self actualization, described as the desire “to become everything that one is capable of becoming” . Although Maslow’s theory is cited within the literature on recovery from serious mental illness   there has been limited discussion, and even less empirical support, about how material deprivation, or a lack of basic needs such as housing, affect one’s recovery potential .
Sirtuin 1 , a mammalian counterpart of the yeast silent information regulator 2  and a proto member of the sirtuin family, is an NAD dependent protein deacetylase. It has been considered as a tumor promoter because of its increased expression in some types of cancers and its role in inactivating proteins that are involved in tumor suppression . It deacetylates and thus inhibits the tumor suppressor p53 .
Vegetation distribution and diversity are vital for humans, as they are not only playing a direct role in ecosystem services such as fodder or wood production, but also involved in key ecosystem functions . Dominant plant species drive ecosystem stability  and more generally ecosystem functioning . Plant species richness is known to influence forest productivity  but there is a growing consensus that it is functional diversity rather than species numbers per se that affects ecosystem functions .
The associations of pilot error with the type of flight operations and basic weather conditions are well documented. The correlation between pilot characteristics and error is less clear. This study aims to examine whether pilot age is associated with the prevalence and patterns of pilot error in air taxi crashes .
Voltage gated sodium channels respond to membrane depolarization by undergoing a series of conformational changes that culminate in channel opening and subsequent inactivation. The “outward” movement of charged residues in the voltage sensors in response to a depolarization triggers a conformational change that is transmitted to the pore gates. The principal subunit of the voltage gated sodium channel is a large 260 kDa polypeptide and has four homologous domains  which together form a functional channel .
Contact lenses impede the movement of oxygen to the anterior of the cornea, and create a lens induced hypoxia Chronic corneal hypoxia is a major issue because it causes corneal edema, which may be manifested clinically as central corneal clouding, striae and folds. In the long term, contact lens induced hypoxia may lead to corneal exhaustion syndrome and discontinued contact lens wear. It also has been found that contact lenses that do not meet the cornea’s oxygen needs cause impaired corneal metabolism and integrity, decreased epithelial thickness, stromal thinning, increased endothelial polymegathism and limbal redness and vascularization., Other studies show that hypoxia causes increased bacterial adhesion to epithelial cells and overnight hypoxia increases the risk for infection.
The scale up of antiretroviral therapy  is one of the largest global public health interventions ever implemented, almost reaching 10 million HIV infected adults in sub Saharan Africa  . Consequently, these adults are now unlikely to die from opportunistic infections that typified the pre ART era hence live longer. For instance, older adults were found to have; advanced disease at diagnosis, faster progression to AIDS, and higher mortality,.
While there are numerous clinical complications that are associated with the development of acute myocardial infarction , none are more potentially devastating or carry a worse prognosis than cardiogenic shock  . Despite marked advances in medical treatment, revascularization techniques, and mechanical support during the past 2 decades, cardiogenic shock is still the most common cause of hospital mortality associated with AMI . On the other hand, data obtained from a limited number of recent studies suggest possible declines in the hospital mortality associated with cardiogenic shock , partially associated with the implementation of early revascularization therapy based on recent practice guidelines .
The intercellular connectivity of neurons is critical for correct function, but detailed descriptions of neuronal wiring circuits in vertebrates are still lacking, and their functional outputs poorly understood . The expression of these guidance molecules is highly regulated and identifying when and where they are expressed is important to obtain a molecular understanding of neuronal network development and function. While important progress has been made on the large scale documentation of gene expression patterns within the nervous system, the technique usually used   in situ hybridisation   often only identifies the soma of the neuron expressing the gene, and not their functional protein products.
Since Silent Spring , a keen interest has developed in the occurrence and environmental health impacts of persistent environmental pollutants, like the polychlorinated biphenyls . We lack a clear mechanistic understanding of their toxicity. Traditional approaches have focused on the liver, as a target organ, and on the regulation and catalytic properties of the cytochrome P 450  superfamily, abundant there .
Enhanced susceptibility effects at high field have led to the rapid development of methods which use the phase of the MR signal, particularly in neuroimaging. ΔB0 mapping is widely used to correct distortions in echo planar imaging , and high resolution gradient echo  phase imaging has been applied in the assessment of vascular malformations such as cavernomas  and iron stores in pathologies including dementia , Huntington’s, and Alzheimer’s disease  . The phase of the MR signal has both time independent and time dependent components.
Several variants in genes that encode for drug metabolizing and transport proteins have been demonstrated to affect inter individual drug responses by regulating the absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion  of medications. Allele frequency differences for these variants are greater among African than European or Asian populations. Therefore, extrapolation of allele frequencies of these variants genotyped in one African population to another African population may be misleading.
In the central nervous system semaphorins promote axon guidance by mediating both attractive and repulsive cues . For example, neuropilins are expressed by vascular endothelial cells, where they heterodimerize with tyrosine kinase receptor subunits to compose receptors for heparin binding isoforms of vascular endothelial growth factor  . Other families of axon guidance molecules have also been implicated in vascular patterning, including the Slit/Robo, Ephrin/Eph and Netrin/Unc5 networks, suggesting significant parallels between the neuronal and vascular systems  .
Malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors  are an aggressive soft tissue sarcoma and about 50% of MPNSTs arise in Neurofibromatosis Type 1 patients . NF1 patients have 813% lifetime risk of developing a MPNST. The 5 year survival rate ranges from 39 to 60 % .
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women with prevalence increasing with age . Breast cancer is associated with somatic genetic and epigenetic alterations in the breast tissue such as tumor suppressor gene mutation or other molecular changes that compromise their function . About 60 70% of human breast cancers are estrogen receptor α  positive and estrogen dependent .
Zebrafish embryos and larvae provide a unique system in which to study motor control because of the ability to combine genetics, imaging, and electrophysiology . To address this deficit, we have focused on the glutamatergic system in the developing zebrafish embryo and its role in two simple motor behaviors . Zebrafish show highly stereotyped escape responses and swimming that have been shown to be dependent on the hindbrain .
α Hemolysin  secreted by the bacterium Staphylococcus aureus is an exotoxin involved in a number of human diseases. It can self assemble on lipid bilayers of a susceptible host cell membrane to form a wide heptameric pore. Important aspects of αHL as a promising scaffold for synthetic ion channels are: 1) it can bind to various biological or synthetic lipid bilayers readily and spontaneously; 2) once bound to the membrane, it is stable over a wide range of pH and temperature; 3) it can be modulated in many ways to adjust ion selectivity.
Atrial natriuretic peptide  is a 28 amino acid  peptide which consists of a 17 AA ring formed by a disulfide bond together with a 6 AA N terminus and a 5 AA C terminus. ANP possesses natriuretic, vasodilatory, lusitropic, renal enhancing, and renin angiotensin aldosterone system  inhibiting properties via activation of the natriuretic peptide receptor A  and generation of the second messenger 3′,5′ cyclic guanosine monophosphate  . Importantly, ANP is cleared from the circulation through degradation by neutral endopeptidase  and by a receptor mechanism following binding to the natriuretic peptide receptor C   .
The lifetime risk of symptomatic knee osteoarthritis  is nearly 50% . Therefore, preventative strategies targeting mechanical risk factors are important to develop. As a mechanical factor, varus knee alignment has been linked to incident medial knee OA , likely due to higher than normal medial knee joint forces .
Heme is an iron containing cofactor necessary for a variety of biological processes . Heme is also found in the cytochromes involved in the electron transport chain used for ATP synthesis. Free heme is a lipophilic molecule that can intercalate in, and thus destabilize, lipid bilayers of cell and organelle membranes .
CC is the fourth most common cancer and inflammation is an established risk factor for CC . Patients with inflammatory bowel disease are at increased risk for CC and the mortality in patients diagnosed with CC in the setting of IBD is higher than for sporadic colorectal cancer  . LPA mediates its effects primarily by coupling to a family of G protein coupled receptors, LPA1~LPA5 .
Approximately two thirds of the world’s 33.2 million individuals infected with the HIV virus live in sub Saharan Africa. Alcohol has been associated with the HIV epidemic through its contribution to risky sex. Most are geared toward minority groups living in the U.S.  Bernal and colleagues have developed a framework for enhancing cultural ecology when adapting psychotherapy for treatment outcome research.
Epithelial ovarian cancer  represents the fifth most common cause of cancer mortality in women due in part to the advanced stage at which patients typically present, with an estimated 22,240 new patients and 14,030 deaths in 2013 in the United States . Most deaths  are among patients who had advanced stage, high grade serous  epithelial ovarian cancer , a histological subtype shown to have unique tumor epigenetic characteristics . The diverse outcomes observed among HGS EOC patients may relate to different molecular subtypes, even among tumors with similar pathological characteristics .
The murine skull vault consists of mainly two different skeletal elements, the frontal and parietal bones. Each component is formed from entirely different tissue origins during development, cranial neural crest  or cephalic mesoderm, respectively . In this study, we address the cell autonomous roles of Tgfbr2 in development of the skull vault .
The activity of the thiamine dependent enzyme complex α ketoglutarate dehydrogenase  declines in brain in numerous age related neurodegenerative diseases . KGDHC consists of three components: E1k , E2k  and E3 . Thus, a better understanding of the consequences of a partial reduction in KGDHC is required .
In an attempt to develop proper rodent models of excessive intake of alcohol , multiple procedures involving temporally limited accesses to alcohol have been tested. For instance, repeated daily exposures to 10%  alcohol, for limited time periods of 1 h, during the light phase of the daily light/dark cycle, and with fixed time of access on each day, resulted in relatively high intakes of alcohol  in selectively bred, alcohol preferring Alko Alcohol  rats . The repeated, concurrent availability of multiple alcohol concentrations  in two daily 1 h drinking sessions, 3 h apart during the dark phase, resulted in mean alcohol intakes exceeding 2.5 g/kg/session in selectively bred, Indiana alcohol preferring  rats ; these alcohol intakes, together with the corresponding blood alcohol levels , met the proposed criteria for binge like drinking .
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease  is a progressive liver disease that ranges from simple steatosis to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis .Along with the obesity rates in the United States, the incidence of NAFLD and NASH have increased in recent years, and it is estimated that NAFLD affects between ~30% and 40% of the adult population . NAFLD patients have an increased overall mortality rate and those who develop NASH have an increased rate of liver related mortalities . The growing prevalence and increased mortality associated with these diseases have underscored the need for: 1) greater mechanistic understanding of disease progression and 2) development of more sensitive and reliable disease biomarkers .
There is widespread recognition of the importance of taxation as one of the most effective measures of tobacco control and its demonstrated value as a public health policy in preventing tobacco related disease and death. The taxation of tobacco products, however, may not be as effective in curbing tobacco consumption as it is intended to be, owing to compensatory behavior among smokers to maintain the affordability of tobacco products in response to price increases. Such compensatory behavior would diminish the expected reduction in cigarette consumption and would, in turn, dampen the impact of any tax induced price increase on public health outcomes.
Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate  is an important first line agent for antiretroviral therapy  in North America and Europe because of its proven effectiveness, favorable toxicity profile, and demonstrated regimen durability. In contrast, introduction of TDF into first line therapy has been limited in resource constrained settings, particularly in sub Saharan Africa. Although experience with the agent has been favorable within clinical trials, the cost of TDF has been a major barrier to widespread use.
The innate immune system uses pattern recognition receptors  to recognize various pathogens based on their molecular structures. This leads to cellular activation and inflammatory cytokine production required for proper host defense . The toll like receptors  are a large family of evolutionarily conserved PRRs that recognize a range of microbial products .
Myeloid cells express an extensive collection of cell surface receptors that are involved in a diverse range of functions ranging from microbial recognition and activation of cellular responses; to cell development, migration, proliferation, maturation and survival. Of specific interest are the Group V C type lectin like receptors which are type II transmembrane proteins, with a single extracellular carbohydrate recognition domain , a transmembrane region and a cytoplasmic tail which may contain signalling motifs . Within this group is a subgroup of receptors known as the ‘Dectin 1 cluster’, which is encoded in a distinct genetic locus within the Natural Killer  gene complex .
Understanding how the pre mRNA for IgH is processed is key for understanding how secreted immunoglobulin  is made. Memory or mature B cell mRNA encodes the membrane bound B cell receptor for antigen, produced by use of the weak non consensus 5' splice site, embedded in the secretory terminal exon, and downstream membrane exons; thus resulting in usage of the strong promoter distal IgH membrane poly site. The binding of ELL2 and CstF 64 to RNAP II is dependent on phosphorylation of Ser 2 on the CTD of RNAP II.
Flower color produces some of the most beautiful displays in nature, and serves an important function in the ecology and evolution of plants by attracting animal pollinators . A molecular description of the control of floral pigmentation in a multi species group displaying various flower colors and patterns would, therefore, be of great interest for understanding the molecular bases underlying phenotypic diversification, plant pollinator interactions, and pollinator mediated speciation. Two major pigment types determine flower color in Mimulus: anthocyanins are responsible for the pink/purple color and carotenoids for the yellow .
The interaction between antigen presenting cells  and T cells is central to the initiation of adaptive immunity. The cellular and humoral components that dictate the subsequent immune response continue to be intensively studied. Consumption of critical amino acids , production of particular hormones  or cytokines , and generation of regulatory lymphocytes are suppression mechanisms attributed to APCs .
The initiation of transcription in eukaryotes is regulated by coactivators that are recruited to promoters by gene specific activators . Monoubiquitination of H2B at Lys123 in yeast is catalyzed by the E2/E3 pair, Rad6/Bre1 , which triggers recruitment of the Set1 containing COMPASS complex . Set1 can either di  or trimethylate histone H3 at Lys4 , which is a prerequisite for engaging SAGA .
The incidence of new HIV infections related to injection drug use has remained at 1520% in the United States over the past decade . Substance abuse treatment is also part of this paradigm and has contributed toward decreasing HIV risk among those ready to abstain from drug use  . Most studies have recruited persons who are primarily at risk for sexual transmission .
The blood brain barrier  is a diffusion barrier present in all areas of the brain consisting of endothelial cells, astrocyte end feet, and pericytes ; however, in some brain structures , the BBB is incomplete or leaky . BBB endothelial cells have no fenestrations, more extensive tight junctions than the rest of the body, and sparse pinocytic vesicular transport . Several methods, some involving ultrasound, have been investigated to increase the permeability of the BBB to drugs, antibodies, and gene transfer .
Prostate cancer  is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in men, with occurrence of metastasis to the bone in almost 80% of advanced metastatic disease . The mechanisms by which prostate cancers are induced to metastasize to bone and successfully grow tumors rely on a tight interplay between the tumor and the tissue micro environment. Among these are osteocalcin , osteopontin , bone sialoprotein , matrix metalloproteinases  and Wnt factors , which are linked to disease prognosis.
Major depression in older adults, or Late Life Depression , is a prevalent and debilitating psychiatric disorder that is commonly linked to a wide range of cognitive dysfunctions . LLD is most often associated with deficits of executive functioning, i.e. the depression dysexecutive syndrome of late life , which is often conceptualized as representing individuals with concurrent cerebrovascular disease . Further, there is considerable heterogeneity in the types, severity, and overall number of cognitive impairments reported in LLD samples .
Colorectal cancer is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer among men and women in the United States . Despite screening and decreasing incidence rates over the past few decades, colorectal cancer is expected to account for 89% of all cancer deaths in 2008 . Conclusions from recent review articles of observational studies strongly support the hypothesis that higher levels of vitamin D  reduce risk of colorectal cancer .
Chemotactic cell migration plays an important role in tumor invasion by directing the spread of tumor cells towards growth factors. Tumor cells can move while attached to each other, which often occurs at early stage of cancer progression. By generating PIP3 at the proximity of chemoattractant, PI3Ks activity defines the leading edge of the migrating cell .
Colorectal cancer  is the third most common cancer diagnosed among U.S. men and women with ~130,000 new cases diagnosed each year. Six percent of all Americans, 1 out of 17, will develop CRC , and only ~5% to 10% of these cancers are explained by a specific genetic susceptibility. A long standing issue in cancer biology has been attributing the cause of cancer to environment and genetic factors.
Weight perception, which refers to the perception of one’s body shape, is an important dimension of body image concern and plays a significant role in related behaviors. The negative psychological effects of poor body image and distorted weight perception, such as low self esteem, anxiety and depression, have been reported in some studies conducted in Western societies. Participants who perceive themselves as overweight may often feel isolated or discriminated against in social situations.
Cystic fibrosis  is caused by an autosomal recessive mutation in the gene that encodes for the chloride channel cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator gene . Most CF patients die as a result of airway obstruction due to the excessive inflammatory response to chronic lung infection with the opportunistic bacterial pathogen P. aeruginosa . Despite advances in treatments, there remains no cure.
We evaluated the role of glutathione related genotypes on overall survival, time to progression, adverse events, and quality of life  in stage IIIB/IV non small cell lung cancer patients who were stable or responding from initial treatment with platinum based chemotherapy and subsequently randomized to receive daily oral carboxyaminoimidazole or a placebo . Of the 186 total patients, 113 had initial treatment with platinum therapy and DNA samples of whom 46 also had QOL data. These samples were analyzed using six polymorphic DNA markers that encode five important enzymes in the glutathione metabolic pathway.
Over the last 55 million years of evolution, the rodent clade has had considerable success and diversification, radiating into some 28 families, 400 genera and over 2000 extant species . Given that tree squirrels are also skilled in climbing and exploring the fine branches of their arboreal niche, and use their forepaws to manipulate food items, as do most primates, it is not surprising that their sensorimotor system and cortex are well developed and proportionately large with as many as five somatosensory areas . The auditory cortex has also been explored in squirrels and several auditory areas have been described .
There is a proliferation of genomewide association  studies worldwide. Indeed, recent months have seen an explosion of publications on genetic variants influencing human quantitative traits, such as height , body mass index  , and lipid levels . Method  analyzes cases and controls together and includes the disease status as a covariate in the model .
Rheumatoid arthritis  is a systemic autoimmune disorder primarily characterized by the inflammation and degradation of synovial joints, affecting an estimated 0.6% of all adults in the United States . The development of increasingly effective disease modifying therapies has dramatically improved the prognosis of individuals with RA over the past 20 years. Nonetheless, broad differences in health outcomes persist among patients .
In cardiac muscle cells, the ion motive ATPase SERCA2a sequesters calcium  by transporting it across the membrane of the sarcoplasmic reticulum . The rate of uptake of Ca from the cytoplasm largely determines the rate of muscle relaxation during the diastolic phase of the cardiac cycle. Thus, SERCA2a activity is an important determinant of both cardiac relaxation  and contraction .
The brain plays a key role in the regulation of arterial blood pressure via baroreflex mechanisms and by altering chronic efferent sympathetic tone. In particular, alterations in renal sympathetic nerve activity  that influence hormones affecting renal function and urinary salt and water excretion contribute to determining the long term level of blood pressure . Importantly, in the two kidney one clip  model of renovascular hypertension  excitatory synaptic inputs to the RVLM are increased.
Bevacizumab improves survival in patients with advanced non small cell lung cancer . This phase II clinical trial assessed the effects of the addition of bevacizumab to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable non squamous NSCLC . Patients with resectable stage IB IIIA non squamous NSCLC were treated with bevacizumab followed by imaging 2 weeks later to assess single agent effect.
The prevalence of diet related chronic diseases, including obesity, diabetes, heart disease, and cancer, disproportionately burdens rural populations in the United States. . Rural residents tend to consume fewer fruits and vegetables than their urban counterparts , and low income rural residents have particularly low levels of fruit and vegetable consumption .
The progesterone receptor  is an estrogen regulated protein found in female reproductive tissues and in many breast tumors, and it can serve as a target for various endocrine therapies, including the treatment of the breast cancer. PR could also be used as a target for diagnostic imaging and radiotherapy of breast cancer by the administration of a suitably radiolabeled PR ligand that accumulates in receptor positive tumors, where it can be detected and quantified by imaging. Therefore, the development of PR ligands with potential for both diagnostic imaging and radiotherapy is an area of great current interest .
Containing the costs of alcohol and drug treatment has become a major goal for state and local governments that fund treatment . One repercussion has been an increase in less expensive outpatient services and a decrease in more costly residential and inpatient treatment. They are particularly limited in terms of addressing the needs of homeless clients who face constant obstacles to their health and safety as well as their sobriety.
Patellofemoral pain is one of the most common disorders of the knee, accounting for 25% of all knee injuries seen in sports medicine clinics . The incidence of patellofemoral pain is greater in women compared to men, particularly in young athletes . Physical therapy interventions for patients with patellofemoral pain often focus on altering recruitment of the medial and lateral components of the vasti .
Neutrophils represent the dominant population of white blood cells in circulation and the first responders to bacterial and fungal infections. Neutrophils are also involved in various chronic and acute inflammatory conditions ranging from atherosclerosis to burn injury. Both neutropenia  and neutrophilia  require additional clinical investigation whenever detected.
Each year in the United States, over 4,000 women die from cervical cancer, almost all cases of which are caused by persistent infection with human papillomavirus  . The highest priority for prevention are women disproportionately affected by cervical cancer mortality, including women who are racial and ethnic minorities, those with low socioeconomic status, and those who have not been recently screened . Patterns of disparities in cervical cancer mortality have changed little in recent decades, despite the broader success of provider based cervical cancer screening programs that have dramatically reduced the burden of disease in the general population .
Quantitative comparison of rate constants for the reactions of individual RNA sequence variants is an essential experimental tool for determining the biological specificity and catalytic properties of ribozymes, ribonucleases and RNA processing factors. This direct approach is best, but it can be time consuming and precision may be limited by variation in enzyme specific activity, difficulty controlling reaction conditions between experimental trials, as well as inaccuracies or non linearity in quantification of substrate or product concentrations . Internal competition is an alternative method for quantifying enzyme rate constants that involves analyzing the change in the ratios of concentrations of alternative substrates or products as a function of reaction progress in reactions containing multiple substrates.
Prostate cancer has a protracted natural history. In the absence of definitive local therapy, the 15 year prostate cancer specific mortality  is approximately 20%. This risk may be substantially less among men living in regions where screening with prostate specific antigen  is prevalent, given the 511 year lead time with screening.
Cellular sensing of viral pathogens by the host activates inflammatory gene expression and triggers cell death. Innate antiviral cytokines such as interferon  have long been considered central to control of viral spread , with caspase dependent apoptotic cell death viewed as a complementary, evolutionarily conserved clearance mechanism triggered by distinct signals. These include  caspase inhibitors, such as baculovirus p35 , viral inhibitors of apoptosis  , poxvirus crmA  and viral FLICE  inhibitory proteins  , as well as,  mitochondrial cell death suppressors such as viral Bcl 2 homologs and other proteins encoded by large DNA viruses that block cytochrome c release from mitochondria .
IL 17 is a member of a newly identified cytokine family produced predominantly by Th17 cell . IL 17 enhances T cell priming and stimulates fibroblasts, endothelial cells, neutrophils, macrophages, and epithelial cells to produce multiple pro inflammatory mediators, including IL 1, IL 6, TNF α, NOS 2, metalloproteinases and chemokines . In humans, expression of IL 17 has been detected in sera and target tissues of patients with systemic rheumatic diseases, multiple sclerosis, inflammatory bowel disease and asthma.
Approximately 20% of the U.S. population is significantly affected by pain lasting at least 6 months,,  most commonly back pain, joint pain and headache. Individuals with non cancer pain conditions  now commonly receive opioids as treatment for their NCPC. Several factors make the subgroup of NCPC patients with MH and SUDs particularly important to study.
Glycine receptors  are the main mediators of fast synaptic inhibition in the spinal cord and brainstem . In particular, in the ventral area of the lumbar spinal cord, GlyRs activation is responsible for the control of left right and flexor extensor alternation during locomotor rhythms . A detailed knowledge of the kinetics of GlyRs at the single channel level is necessary in order to understand the properties and behaviour of glycine mediated synaptic transmission.
Traumatic brain injury  is a major public health concern for children 014 years, with an estimated annual incidence of 435,000 emergency department visits and 37,000 hospitalizations . Long term neurobehavioral impairments are well documented following moderate to severe TBI in both younger and older children . Similarly,  observed that children who sustained severe TBI during early childhood  performed more poorly than children with mild TBI on measures of attention and processing speed out to 5 years post injury.
Adjustments to microvascular network structure occur in several ways. New capillaries are formed by sprouting from pre existing microvessels through angiogenesis, while arterioles grow into larger diameter channels through arteriogenesis. Monocytes, in particular, facilitate arteriogenesis and angiogenesis as growth factor sources .
The adenine nucleotide translocase  catalyzes the reversible exchange of ADP for ATP with a 1:1 stoichiometry across the inner mitochondrial membrane . We have previously developed a technique to measure mitochondrial ADP ATP exchange rates by exploiting the specific feature of ANT to transport only the free ADP and ATP forms, unbound to Mg2+ . Changes in free extramitochondrial  were attributed exclusively to the ANT because they exhibit virtually 100% sensitivity to carboxyatractyloside  in the submicromolar range , while all other known nucleotide transporters are insensitive to inhibition by cATR .
Neural tube defects  are one of the most common birth defects in the United States, occurring in 2/10,000 births annually. A variety of clinical abnormalities can result. Despite all of the positive results from epidemiologic studies and interventions regarding folate, the mechanisms underlying the relationship of folate status and NTD risk are not fully understood.
reported a patient with Hodgkin lymphoma , subacute cerebellar degneration, and antibodies that stained cerebellar Purkinje neurons in a characteristic pattern. These findings were further described in a case series in 1992 by Hammack et al. This characteristic staining pattern was termed anti Tr after the lead investigator on the oriniginal report and was subsequently identified in other patients with paraneoplasitc cerebellar degeneration, about 90% of whom had HL., Patients with paraneoplastic cerebellar degeneration typically have progressive nystagmus, limb ataxia, dysarthria, and gait ataxia.
Tubal ligation and hysterectomy are commonly performed operations  that have been associated with a lower risk of ovarian cancer, particularly endometrioid tumors . We recently reported that the benefits of tubal ligation were stronger for women who received the procedure at the time of last delivery and a suggestion that hysterectomy is more protective at older ages in a case control study of ovarian cancer . Few other studies have examined the impact of details of the surgical procedures or characteristics of the women receiving these surgeries on the associations between tubal ligation or hysterectomy and ovarian cancer.
Due to the changing linguistic demographics of the United States, specifically the large influx of Spanish speakers , it is imperative that the audiology community considers appropriate test alternatives for the assessment of speech perception abilities of children who speak English as their second language. Though listeners attending to their second language  in quiet often have good speech recognition scores, performance tends to be significantly poorer for these same listeners compared to their monolingual counterparts when they are asked to listen in the presence of competing noise . Another consideration is the linguistic history of the tester.
Despite multiple advances in the treatment for breast cancer, the mortality rate remains high. An estimated 40,500 breast cancer deaths are expected yearly in the US. Breast cancer is therefore the most common female cancer in the United States and the second most common cause of cancer death in women.
Computational enzyme design has been used to create catalysts for a wide range of reactions , but considerable challenges remain in both increasing the fraction of designs that have activity and increasing the overall level of activity. The in silico design process proceeds in three stages:  construction of an idealized active site description, or theozyme;  placement of the theozyme in a suitable protein scaffold; and  optimization of the surrounding sequence for transition state binding. Catalysis is initiated by attack of a reactive lysine on the carbonyl group of the β hydroxy ketone substrate to form a tetrahedral carbinolamine intermediate that subsequently breaks down to give a protonated Schiff base.
Sepsis is a major public health problem throughout the world. The basic leucine zipper transcription factor, NF E2 related factor 2 , which when activated, induces the expression of a host of cytoprotective and detoxification genes, is a known regulator of inflammatory responses . Moreover, activation of Nrf2 protects inflammatory cells from oxidant injury and inhibits pro inflammatory gene expression .
Neutrophils, the most abundant white blood cells, form the first line of defense against pathogenic insults . The extravasation process is a cascade of low  and high affinity adhesive interactions between the neutrophils and the vascular endothelium of the infected or inflamed tissue and involves distinct steps, including tethering and rolling, activation, firm adhesion, intraluminal crawling, and transmigration . The LFA 1 integrin  plays a crucial role in firm adhesion, which is essential to the subsequent extravasation of the neutrophils to peripheral tissues  .
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma  is the eighth most common cancer worldwide, with approximately 48,010 new cases expected in the United States during 2009 that varies in terms of incidence, mortality and survival by race. Appropriate recognition and repair of DNA damage requires the integrity of the DNA damage response and repair machinery to maintain a normal cellular functionality. There is considerable variation in the way an individual responds to DNA damage.
Metastasis is the primary cause of cancer death and treatment failure in cancer patients. In response to genotoxic stresses, such as ultraviolet  or γ irradiation, p53 abundance rises substantially and triggers either cell cycle arrest or apoptosis . However, different stimuli elicit different degrees of p53 response.
The endoplasmic reticulum  is an organelle responsible for severalimportant cellular functions including protein and lipid biosynthesis,Ca2+ storage, and signaling. Protein folding and processing enzymes,as well as the chemical environment within the ER are required for proteins toproperly fold into their functional conformation. There arethree distinct responses of the UPR: upregulation of molecular chaperones toincrease the ER folding activity, translational attenuation to reduce ER workload,and induction of ER associated protein degradation  to promote clearance ofunfolded and misfolded proteins .
Periodontitis is a chronic inflammatory disease initiated by a complex microbial biofilm that results in destruction of the periodontium culminating in alveolar bone resorption and endentulism . Distinct bacterial consortiums have been identified that correlate with either healthy or diseased tissue. T. denticola is a minor component of the bacterial population in the healthy subgingiva but may exceed 40% of the total bacteria population in diseased periodontal pockets  .
Previous work in our laboratory has identified Mustn1 as a small  protein that localizes predominantly to the musculoskeletal system . Investigation of Mustn1’s sequence revealed that it is highly homologous in vertebrates and contains a nuclear localization sequence but no other significant motifs, only potential phosphorylation and myristoylation sites. GPF Mustn1 fusion experiments showed that Mustn1 localizes to the nucleus but not to the nuclear membrane or nucleoli.
Protein aggregation represents a major challenge in biopharmaceutical manufacturing. , There is additional concern that aggregates may affect clinical safety given their potential for stimulating adverse immunogenicity in patients. , The molecular mechanisms by which protein aggregates induce unwanted immune responses are poorly understood, but it is likely that their physical and chemical structure play an important role.
Allergic asthma, the most common form of asthma, is a chronic inflammatory disorder of the lung in which CD4 T helper cells play a key role. IFN γ is mainly produced by CD4 Th1 cells and suppresses Th2 responses. Indeed, reduced expression of T bet in pulmonary T cells from asthmatic patients has been observed compared to T cells from non asthmatic patients .
The brains' response to rewards and losses, and learning predictions of their occurrence, have been extensively studied in primates and humans . However, less is known regarding how subjective hedonic responses to rewards and losses are mediated. Dopamine is strongly implicated in both reward learning and motivational drive .
Attention plays a central role in visual cognition and has been a primary focus of research in cognitive psychology . While the basic finding, that humans can track several independently moving objects, has been replicated many times , the assumption that this proves simultaneous attention to multiple objects has never been directly tested . For example,  claimed that his serial model would have required a spotlight of attention to scan between targets at a rate of at least 150°/s.
Epigenetic regulation of gene expression can undergo persistent changes as a result of environmental exposures, but the contribution of this mechanism to human disease remains to be defined. Animal models exposed to malnutrition during prenatal development show epigenetic changes at the level of DNA methylation in specific promoters, retrotransposons and imprinted regions that explain phenotypic variation in adult animals. Few study designs can address the question whether these relationships also occur in humans.
Developmental speech and language disorders are highly heritable, but the identification of genetic risk factors through classical mapping or association studies is hampered by genotypic and phenotypic complexity. A heterozygous missense mutation of FOXP2 co segregates with speech and language disorder in the well studied multigenerational KE family, disrupting the function of the encoded protein. , It belongs to a divergent subgroup  displaying a number of distinctive characteristics.
Most cancer therapies involve a component of treatment which inflicts DNA damage in tumor cells. Here, we report on the results of a high throughput, cell based screen for novel inhibitors of NHEJ and HR repair, using a forward chemical genetics approach . NHEJ is the predominant pathway in the G0/G1 phases of the cell cycle, while HR increases during S phase, when a sister chromatid becomes available as a template for repair.
Alzheimer disease  is a clinically heterogeneous disease, neuropathologically characterized by the accumulation of beta amyloid plaques  and neurofibrillary tangles  in the brain . Multiple genes and environmental factors are believed to be involved in the pathogenesis and development of the disorder, through a complex interplay still largely unknown. The findings of faster brain atrophy rate  and reduced hipppocampal volumes in healthy APOE ε4 carriers  seems to provide some in vivo evidence to the hypothesis of a pathogenic role of this allele in AD .
Warfarin, a synthetic coumarin used for anticoagulation, has a narrow therapeutic index and exhibits wide inter individual variation in the maintenance dose required . Indications for paediatric use include treatment of thromboembolic disorders, prophylaxis for heart valve replacement, following cavopulmonary shunts and completion of the Fontan circulation in patients with complex congenital heart disease . Warfarin requires regular therapeutic monitoring through the use of the International Normalised Ratio .
Injury to the adult CNS induces reactive gliosis , which curtails axon regrowth and consists of astrocyte hypertrophy  and the production of inhibitory extracellular matrix  molecules such as chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans  . Studies have shown that the digestion of the inhibitory chondroitin sulfate chains with chondroitinase enhances neuronal regeneration  . In vivo, the up regulation of CSPGs by adult reactive astrocytes occurs as a gradient, with the greatest levels at the lesion epicenter and decreasing towards the penumbra .
The most common cause of the autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxias is simple sequence repeat expansion  . Single nucleotide polymorphism  genotyping is a powerful method for detecting chromosomal duplications and deletions with high resolution and efficiency. This technique was employed to discover the mutational mechanism of SCA15  .
Magnesium deficiency is common, especially among women, the elderly, and minorities. In experimental studies, magnesium has been shown to participate in the regulation of vascular tone, endothelial function,  vascular inflammation,,  and glucose and lipid metabolism. Furthermore, in mouse models, higher levels of dietary magnesium have been found to suppress atherogenesis.
Macropinocytosis is a type of fluid phase endocytosis characterized by its independence of clathrin which results in relatively large sizes of vesicles ranging from 0.2 to 1 μm . In Dictyostelium, macropinocytosis serves the purposes of fluid and nutrient uptake . The biological function of growth factor induced macropinocytosis remains poorly understood.
Cocaine is one of the most reinforcing and addictive drugs of abuse. However, a common limitation of many of these studies is that it is difficult to precisely interpret these changes, as a reduction in blood flow could be either due to a dysfunction in cerebral vascular system or a lower metabolic demand by the neural tissues. The goal of the present study is to specifically examine the tissue metabolic rate in cocaine addicted individuals using a novel MRI method .
From Aristotle’s exploration of theatric plots  to psycholinguistic theories of “story grammars” , the structure of narrative has been recognized as a central part of human expression. While most research on the psychology of narrative has focused on verbal discourse, visual narratives of sequential images have persisted for millennia, from cave paintings to modern comics . In a recent theory, ,  argues that a “Visual Narrative Grammar”  guides the comprehension of sequential images analogously to syntactic structure in sentences.
In nature different tick species can be found feeding on the same animal host simultaneously . One such highly conserved tick saliva protein is tick calreticulin   . CRT was originally identified as a high calcium  binding protein from the sarcoplasmic reticulum of rabbit muscle .
The first peak of the knee adduction moment curve during walking has been shown to be a good clinical surrogate measure of medial tibiofemoral joint loading and osteoarthritis. Defining the relative contributions of the variables that dictate the knee adduction moment, such as center of mass, center of pressure, vertical ground reaction force, and knee adduction angle , has not been formally investigated within the same cohort of individuals . Instrumented gait analysis was collected for 30 individuals.
Prostate cancer is one of the most frequently diagnosed tumors, and the second leading cause of cancer death among men in the United States. Thus, it is clear that effective prostate cancer prevention strategies would spare many men the burden of diagnosis and treatment  . Cancer chemoprevention uses natural or synthetic chemical agents to modulate carcinogenesis thereby lowering the risk of developing invasive or clinically significant disease.
Reactive oxygen species  are formed when molecular oxygen diffuses into cells and is adventitiously reduced at the active sites of redox enzymes containing flavins or quinones . Thus, in the genome of the strict anaerobe Clostridium acetobutylicum, no catalase was annotated , and a function has not yet been demonstrated for the annotated SODs. The purified C. acetobutylicum SOR homologue, desulfoferrodoxin , was shown to be capable of functioning in superoxide reduction .
Gene expression analysis, pathway profiling, gene regulatory networks, and modeling of biological processes are key for “post genome project” studies. Newer expression profiling technologies include genome scale in situ hybridization databases   and fully sequenced EST libraries using massively parallel DNA sequencing technologies . Many public microarray databases now provide tools to survey individual gene expression among normal and disease tissues.
The hepatitis delta virus  ribozyme is a unique member of the class of small self cleaving  ribozymes as it is the only known ribozyme embedded in the genomic and antigenomic RNAs of a human pathogen. The HDV ribozyme was proposed to use both metal ion and nucleobase catalysis in its reaction mechanism and was the first ribozyme for which structural and biochemical data suggested direct participation of a specific side chain nucleobase, cytosine 75  in the cleavage reaction.,, On the basis of crystal structures of the pre cleavage state inhibited by a C75U mutation or chelation of Mg2+, as well as of subsequent molecular dynamics  simulations starting from these structures, the active site C75 was proposed to act as the general base, using its N3 nitrogen to activate  the nucleophilic U 1 group. MD simulations together with combined quantum mechanical/molecular mechanical  calculations suggested that this mechanism is both chemically and structurally feasible.
Gait disturbances in people with Parkinson’s disease  are more pronounced during dual task  walking. In fact, altered executive function, coupled with a loss of automaticity of movement has been suggested to lead to FoG. Although attentional control and automaticity likely play a role in FoG, few investigations have directly studied DT interference in FoG+, and results of these studies are mixed.
Understanding the many complex cellular and subcellular processes underlying biological phenomena will require approaches for obtaining spatiotemporal information for the tens of thousands of proteins expressed in a typical cell. One such example in microtubule organization is the simulation of microtubules with motor proteins in order to understand their phenotypic behavior . Among the many relevant cellular phenomena to be modeled and quantified, the subcellular spatial distribution of proteins  is important because of the crucial role that location plays in many cellular phenomena.
  169 alcoholic outpatients  randomly assigned to one of three conditions: a directive approach to facilitating AA, a motivational enhancement approach to facilitating AA, or treatment as usual with no special emphasis on AA . In Session 2 the therapist and client discussed Step 1 of AA, and the therapist instructed the client to attend “at least a couple of meetings each week,” with the tradition of “90 meetings in 90 days” also mentioned. In Session 3, the discussion of AA related material focused on AA Steps 2 and 3 and on the fellowship of AA.
New imaging methods have greatly advanced our understanding of cell structure and function. However, no single imaging method proves to be the perfect solution. Soft x ray microscopy and tomography is an exciting technique for quantitatively imaging whole, hydrated cells in 3D .
The dystrophin gene, located on the X chromosome, is the largest known human gene  resulting in a high rate of spontaneous disease causing mutations  with deletions forming the majority . Dystrophin plays an essential structural role in both cardiac and skeletal muscle, protecting the sarcolemma from mechanical stresses of muscle contraction. Complete loss of dystrophin leads to Duchenne muscular dystrophy , the most common severe form of childhood muscular dystrophy, complicated by skeletal muscle degeneration and dilated cardiomyopathy  .
Green fluorescent proteins  and their derivatives are widely used as markers in molecular biology and cell biology. For example, the GFP gene can be co transfected with a gene of interest to serve as a marker of co transfection. The use of GFPs as endogenously produced protein markers is generally thought to have negligible effects on cellular function .
Asthma is a chronic inflammatory disease of the airways characterized by reversible airflow obstruction, airway hyper reactivity and airways remodeling . Loss of epithelial integrity is a hallmark of asthma . Corticosteroids have been the foundation of the pharmaceutical treatment of asthma since the early 1990’s and are used currently as the first line and initial maintenance treatment  in patients with recurrent symptoms .
External beam radiation is a common adjuvant therapy for esophageal, head and neck, and thoracic  malignancies. Dysphagia is commonly encountered after radiotherapy, and although enteral access feeding can typically preserve nutrition, dysphagia significantly decreases quality of life., A recent meta analysis had a stricture incidence as high as 16.7% in patients treated with intensity modulated radiation therapy and chemotherapy for head and neck cancer . Most patients have only partial occlusion that is amenable to anterograde endoscopic dilation with either wire guided rigid polyvinyl dilators  or through the scope balloon dilators with or without guidewire assistance.
Members of the ErbB family of receptor tyrosine kinases, comprising ErbB1 , ErbB2 , ErbB3, and ErbB4, have pathological functions in a wide range of tumors, as they activate a variety of signaling pathways inside tumor and stromal cells to sustain proliferation, survival, angiogenesis, invasion, and metastasis. Signaling cascades that lie downstream of ErbB activation include the mitogen activated protein  kinase and PI3K/Akt pathways. During normal development, ErbB signaling results from the binding of individual ErbB receptors with cognate ligands of the EGF family, which comprises epidermal growth factor , transforming growth factorα , amphiregulin , epigen , heparin binding EGF like growth factor , betacellulin , epiregulin , and neuregulin 1 to 4 .
Cryptosporidium parvum and Cryptosporidium hominis are related species of apicomplexan protozoa causing cryptosporidiosis, an enteric infection of humans and animals. C. parvum is considered a zoonotic pathogen, as it is often acquired from ruminants by faecaloral transmission of environmentally resistant oocysts. In contrast, the host range of C. hominis is thought to be restricted to humans .
Acute graft versus host disease  is a major cause of morbidity and mortality after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation  . It is caused by the recognition of host antigens by donor lymphocytes, with target organ damage mediated by activated donor effector T cells. Intestinal aGVHD is believed to be similar to other immunologic responses in that it has similar requirements for lymphocyte trafficking.
Chronic injury, mediated by a number of different etiologies, produces cirrhosis of the liver . End stage cirrhosis results in more than 30,000 deaths per year in the US, which is the 6th most frequent cause of death in individuals 2544 years of age . As liver function in cirrhosis deteriorates, patients develop jaundice, encephalopathy, an increased risk of bleeding, and muscle wasting .
DNA replication timing during S phase is correlated with distinct genomic features such as GC content, gene and SINE  density and high transcriptional activity . Recent high resolution analyses provided a detailed insight into these relationships in yeast, Drosophila and man . For human S phase nuclei from lymphoblastoid cells, the GC level was most significantly correlated with replication timing.
Insulin stimulated activation of phosphoinositide 3 kinase  is required for GLUT4 translocation and glucose uptake . Rather, a purportedly PI3K independent pathway, the CAP/c Cbl insulin signaling cascade, is also involved in the regulation of glucose metabolism . In response to insulin the activation of the CAP/c Cbl pathway is initiated by the APS  recruiting c Cbl  and a second adaptor protein CAP  to the insulin receptor  .
In people under the age of 65 years, the prevalence of frontotemporal dementia  is equal to that of Alzheimer disease  . As our understanding of the underlying neuropathology causing this condition grew, the classification of FTLD was modified in 2007 to include 3 main categories, one of which is FTLD with insoluble protein aggregates composed of TAR DNA binding Protein of 43 kDa mw , called FTLD TDP . Between 15% and 24% of these cases have mutations in GRN  .
It is estimated that 2.4 million adults were living with HIV in India in 2007, and that 80% of those individuals were unaware of their diagnosis . The state of Karnataka is designated as one of the six high HIV prevalence states in India. Between 20032006, 22.25% of women presenting for antenatal care in Karnataka were HIV infected .
Traditional techniques used in imaging the internal structures of the eye, such as Scheimpflug photography, ultrasound and optical coherence tomography, are limited by optical distortions, require contact with the eye, are unable to image through pigmented areas, or have limited penetration posterior to the iris and sclera. Unfortunately, the improvements in in plane resolution necessitated the use of multi slice 2D Spin Echo sequences with slice thicknesses of 3 mm and scan times up to 5 minutes . The combined effects of these can lead to significant errors when measuring the fine ocular structures .
Reducing tobacco use during pregnancy among Alaska Native women is a national public health priority . In 2000, cigarette smoking during pregnancy was most prevalent among American Indian and Alaska Native women  followed by non Hispanic Whites , non Hispanic Blacks  and Hispanic women  . The most common form of ST used in Western Alaska is known as Iqmik, a mixture of fire cured tobacco leaves and fungus ash.
The Src oncogene induces oncogenic transformation by several means, including altering signaling and cytoskeletal pathways through the direct phosphorylation of substrates via its intrinsic protein tyrosine kinase activity . A less studied mechanism involves the transcriptional regulation of genes that either promote or suppress oncogenic transformation . A handful of Src induced or suppressed genes have been studied in detail, and the Src dependent transcriptional mechanisms governing the differential expression of these genes often involve seemingly opposite effects by the same transcription factor.
Protein interaction domains  are molecular recognition modules that mediate interactions with a broad array of biological ligands. Because signaling proteins often contain multiple PIDs, each of which can serve as an interaction node, defining the function of each PID is critically important for our understanding of cellular networks. Gene knockout and RNA interference eliminate the entire protein, and directed mutagenesis requires modification of the host genome and often affects gene expression level.
Among the many unintended consequences of injection drug use, problems with the legs due to injection related venous disease have received little research attention. , We found a high prevalence  of venous disease in methadone maintained adults. , Injection related venous disease is a vascular condition of the legs that results from trauma of repeated injection, irritating qualities of the abused drugs and substances, and localized infections.
Following approval of the anti CD20 antibody rituximab, use of monoclonal antibodies in cancer therapy has become increasingly common. While anti CD20 antibodies represent a major advance, relapse is virtually inevitable. While a natural ligand for CD37 remains unknown, signaling induced by the anti CD37 peptide SMIP 016 has implicated this tetraspanin as a mediator of the PI3K/Akt survival pathway.
Recent data suggest that vitamin D supplementation reduces the risk of falls  and improves measures of muscle performance  in older adults with low vitamin D status. Muscle biopsies in adults with profound vitamin D deficiency reveal atrophy of type II  muscle fibers, which are the first fibers to be recruited when preventing a fall . While the actions of vitamin D on skeletal muscle are not well understood, current research suggests that the effects of vitamin D may, at least in part, be mediated through the vitamin D receptor .
A recent cross sectional study reported that almost half  of the children in the United States ages 69 years are atopic  . Research on childhood allergic disease has largely focused on early childhood exposures, and causal mechanisms remain poorly understood. Over the last several years, fetal exposures, especially to pets and livestock, have come under investigation as potentially critical factors in the development of allergic diseases.
The PTEN hamartoma tumor syndromes  are a collection of syndromes characterized by hamartomatous lesions most commonly found in the skin and the gastrointestinal tract and by a risk of malignancy caused by the presence of germline mutations of the tumor suppressor gene PTEN. PTEN, located on 10q22 23, encodes for a non redundant, plasma membrane lipid phosphatase that negatively regulates the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway. Cowden syndrome , a prototypic PHTS, is an autosomal dominant disorder with an approximate 80% penetrance and estimated prevalence of 1 in 200,000.
Although electrical current has been previously demonstrated to control biofilm growth on metal surfaces, the literature results are conflicting and there is no single accepted mechanism of action . Thus, the term ‘bioelectrochemical effect’ is used to describe the electrochemical control of biofilm growth on metal surfaces . Similarly,  used a flow chamber and applied a 15  μA cm−2 current and found that the applied current caused detachment of the biofilm on the indium tin oxide surface.
Wdr68 is a WD40 repeat domain containing protein originally identified as the vertebrate homolog of the petunia gene AN11 . The Wdr68 protein is also 45% similar to the arabidopsis TTG1 protein that is essential for proper specification of hair cell fates in the developing shoot and root . The wdr68 gene is required upstream of the endothelin 1  ligand that is in turn essential for the expression of several transcription factors including members of the distal less  gene family that pattern the cranial neural crest giving rise to the lower jaw .
Sterile wounding produces inflammation that is able to recruit and activate phagocytes, promote scavenging and processing of cellular debris, and activate lymphocytes to effect tissue remodelling and wound healing. These include heat shock proteins , monosodium urate, high mobility group box 1, low molecular weight hyaluronic acid, and ATP . Apoptotic cell death is thought to sequester pro inflammatory cellular contents, preventing extracellular release of DAMPs, as well as triggering anti inflammatory clearance by phagocytes .
Alzheimer's disease  is the most prevalent type of dementia, affecting nearly half of individuals over the age of 85 and causing tremendous emotional distress and economic loss . Multiple lines of evidence implicate the amyloid precursor protein  and particularly its aberrant proteolytic processing in the pathophysiology of AD, but less is understood about the exact mechanisms that control APP processing and the production of its neurotoxic β amyloid  derivative in vivo  . The vast majority of previous studies have relied on agonists and antagonists that are not selective for the five known mAChR subtypes .
During the biogenesis of ribosomes two adjacent adenosines of small subunit rRNA are converted into N6, N6 dimethyladenosines by a universally conserved group of orthologous methyltransferases. KsgA confers sensitivity to the antibiotic kasugamycin by directly methylating 16S rRNA; cells that lack active KsgA are resistant to the same antibiotic. However, no specific details of how Dim1 contributes to the function of the processome are known.
Humans are often required to listen to simple auditory verbal commands, understand the meaning of these commands, make a relevant decision, and respond by moving their fingers. Examples include a junior surgeon operating under supervision of a senior surgeon or an individual sharing an elevator with others. Previous studies using functional magnetic resonance imaging  have suggested that external auditory verbal stimuli are processed in bilateral superior temporal gyri but predominantly on the left side in approximately 95% of right handed healthy individuals  and approximately 80% of left handed .
Neurons that secrete dopamine  are associated with a number of prevalent neurological disorders, including Parkinson's disease . Drugs used in the treatment of PD, as well as antipsychotics and several addictive drugs, are presumed to act by altering the function of DA synapses. Synaptic transmission is an innately unreliable process, in that each action potential does not always result in neurotransmitter release .
Human stem cell derived neurons present both a model system for the study of functional neural development and plasticity  as well as a viable source of therapeutically relevant cells for replacement following neurodegeneration . For example, Brustle and colleagues used co cultures of either mouse  or human  derived neurons with organotypic hippocampal slices. Stimulation of the intact perforant path fibers could elicit post synaptic responses in the mESC or hESC derived neurons deposited on the dentate gyrus .
Genetic characterization of sensitivity to targeted anticancer therapies has led to improvements in patient selection and treatment of multiple tumor types, including lung adenocarcinoma, colorectal adenocarcinoma, breast adenocarcinoma, and melanoma. Identification of patients with exquisite sensitivity and/or durable responses to targeted therapies  so called “exceptional responders”  may lead to improved patient selection and allow for more rational treatment designs . At the same time, toxicities from therapeutic combinations often produce unacceptable toxicities.
The Gambia is located in the western region of sub Saharan Africa. This attraction has negative consequences for importing HIV from other countries into The Gambia. The official HIV/AIDS prevalence ratio of males to females is 1:1; 50.08% and 49.92%, respectively.
The discovery of molecules acting as CB1 receptor allosteric modulators  has fueled interest in developing novel therapeutic agents that elicit minimal cannabimimetic side effects associated with orthosteric CB1 agonists and antagonists . Org27569, the most widely investigated CB1 AM, possesses an unusual pharmacological profile. Other recent work has revealed that β arrestin plays a role in CB1 biased signaling produced by Org27569 .
Apolipoprotein E  is the primary apolipoprotein synthesized in the brain in response to injury, where it functions via antioxidant, anti inflammatory, anti excitotoxic, and neurotrophic mechanisms . Previous work has demonstrated that this small molecule peptide derived from amino acids 133149 located in the receptor binding region of ApoE  contains the neuroprotective, antioxidant, anti excitotoxic, and anti inflammatory properties of the intact ApoE holoprotein, in vitro and in vivo . COG133 retains a measurable degree of alpha helicity present in the receptor binding region of the native ApoE holoprotein from which it was derived .
Systemic lupus erythematosus is a complex autoimmune disease characterized by autoantibody production and tissue inflammation . In addition to kidney disease MRL/lpr mice display skin and lung injury characterized by infiltrating proinflammatory cells  . For instance, IL 2 is canonical growth factor for conventional CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, but also promotes activation and/or expansion of various immune effectors such as natural killer cells .
Mutation of the p53 tumor suppressor gene is one of the most frequent genetic alterations in human tumors and poses as a critical event in tumorigenesis, impacting upon tumor development, progression, and responsiveness to therapy. Approximately 50% of human cancers have p53 loss of function mutation . Furthermore, mouse embryo fibroblasts from the mutant mice homozygous in R172H displayed enhanced cell proliferation, DNA synthesis, and transformation potential .
It has been widely recognized that gene gene interaction is likely to have an important role in the variation of quantitative traits for complex disease. The failure to replicate significant association results across studies using single locus based analysis may be due to the failure to include gene gene interactions in the genetic analyses . Many statistical methods have been proposed to detect gene gene interactions contributing to disease associated quantitative traits.
Eosinophilic esophagitis  has emerged in the last two decades as a significant esophageal disorder affecting all age groups . Eosinophils are derived from CD 34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells in the bone marrow and are found mainly in circulation rather than in peripheral tissues. Previous studies demonstrated that certain Th2 cytokines and chemokines such as interleukin 5, interleukin  13, and eotaxin, play important roles in this infiltration process .
Fish borne trematodiasis is becoming increasingly recognized as a serious public health problem in Southeast Asia. These parasites infect at least 40 million people within a disease risk region estimated to include 700 million people  . This liver fluke is most commonly found in Southeast Asia .
Cardiac ischemia leads to declines in mitochondrial respiratory function that can be exacerbated upon reperfusion . Although mechanisms by which these events occur have yet to be fully defined, a likely consequence would be an increase in free radical production. Decreased respiratory activity extends the half life of reduced components of the electron transport chain that would be expected to promote superoxide production upstream of the deficit .
Suture anchors are designed to fix soft tissues, such as tendons and ligaments, to bone. In one study of rotator cuff repair, failure occurred in 10% of 80 cases as a result of anchor loosening or migrating. In another study, failure occurred in 6.5% of 342 rotator cuff repairs and underwent revision surgery.
Chronic pain is estimated to affect millions of people world wide and is one of the most common reasons for physician visits . Nociception is the neural processes of encoding and processing noxious stimuli. Mechanical, chemical and thermal insults stimulate nerve endings referred to as nociceptors.
The melanocortin 4 receptor  is a major regulator of food intake, body weight and glucose homeostasis . For instance, the peripheral and central administration of MC4R agonists suppresses feeding in rats and mice in a dose dependent manner, without producing aversion . Likewise, MC4R induced food suppression is associated with accelerated meal termination .
Activation of the PI3K pathway by growth factor receptors is one of the major signaling events leading to growth, proliferation and anti apoptosis. AKT has many direct substrates, including the cell cycle inhibitor p27, Foxo family of transcription factors, the pro apoptotic Bcl 2 family protein Bad and TSC1, a protein that inhibits the TOR pathway . Loss of PTEN in both alleles is frequently found in many human cancer cells.
Despite the presence of a competent immune system, tumor cells may elude detection from host immune surveillance through a process of cancer immune editing. For this reason, immune based strategies can engender an initial response, but recurrences are common as immune resistant tumor cell variants develop under immunoselective pressure. Our studies in the murine model utilized a highly immune resistant cervical tumor cell subline, TC 1/P3/A17, generated by serial in vivo selection of its immune susceptible parental cell line TC 1/P0 expressing the CTL target antigen, HPV16/E7 .
In 2009, an estimated 192,280 women will be diagnosed with invasive breast cancer and an additional 62,280 women had in situ disease . Although the magnitude of women affected is alarming, equally significant are the ramifications of the illness for the spouse. There are six qualitative studies of spouses’ reported concerns about their wife’s breast cancer but the majority of these studies involve spouses of women diagnosed 1.5 2.5 years prior or are limited to very specific experiences, e.g., the spouse’s response to the surgical scar .
Among men, prostate cancer is the most common malignancy and second leading cause of cancer deaths . It also is a cancer associated with racial disparities. Prostate cancer incidence is approximately 1.6 times greater and prostate cancer mortality about 2.4 times greater for black men than for white men .
Obesity is one of the great global public health challenges of our times. Excess adiposity is associated with an increased risk for metabolic consequences such as hypertension and dyslipidemia and it contributes to the risk of diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease  as well as mortality . In addition, obesity carries an increased risk of arthritis and reduces functional capacity  .
BRCA1 is a tumour suppressor protein which functions to preserve genomic stability by regulating key cellular processes including homologous recombination  mediated DNA repair, cell cycle checkpoint control, transcriptional regulation, chromatin remodelling and post replicative repair . Furthermore, pregnancy increases the risk of early onset breast cancer in BRCA1 mutation carriers, in contrast to non carriers for whom pregnancy is protective . It has also been reported that BRCA1 represses the expression of CYP19A1 , which converts androgens to bioactive estrogens .
Hallux valgus is a common structural foot deformity in which the angular deviation of the hallux is greater than 15 degrees toward the lesser toes with respect to the 1st metatarsal bone, and appears as a medial bony enlargement of the 1st metatarsal head. Coughlin believes that genetic factors are very important given the familial patterns of foot structure in general,. Previous research also suggests that structural factors such as metatarsal length, metatarsal head shape, first ray hypermobility, and hind foot pronation may be major factors associated with hallux valgus.
Survival rates from cancer drop precipitously once a tumor achieves the ability to metastasize. Thus, it is critical to understand the mechanisms that control the early cellular and molecular events within the complex tumor microenvironment that lead to metastasis. The tumor microenvironment involves the symbiotic integration of mechanical, chemical, and biological cues to direct complex processes such as neovascularization, differentiation, and cell migration that are hallmark features of metastatic human cancers.
Among the many different forms of drug abuse, cocaine addiction is the most common cause of drug related death and drug associated visits to emergency rooms of US hospitals. Although the global consumption of cocaine is declining, 2.3 million people in the United States are current cocaine users. Cocaine abuse leads to multiple serious medical complications including stroke, seizure, cerebral infarction, cerebral atrophy, arrhythmias, tachycardia, hypertension, and cardiomyopathy.
During exercise and stress, β adrenergic receptors stimulation causes an increase in cardiac output to meet the demands of the body. Stimulation of β adrenergic receptors leads to an increased level of intracellular cAMP, which in turn activates protein kinase A  . Myofilament proteins such as cardiac troponin I , cardiac myosin binding protein C  and titin are substrates for PKA .
Mutated and constitutively activated forms of the small GTPase Ras are found in nearly one third of all human cancers . Oncogenic Ras binds to a number of effector proteins to promote transformation and tumorigenesis, including the family of Ral guanine nucleotide exchange factors  . Recruiting RalGEFs to their substrates, the Ras like GTPases RalA and RalB, converts Rals from an inactive GDP bound state to an active GTP bound state .
Staphylococcus aureus is a major cause of hospital acquired infections. The increasing frequency of infections caused by methicillin resistant S. aureus  is of particular concern, especially in the United States where the prevalence is more than 55% in the intensive care unit. MRSA has also become an established community acquired infection among patients without established risk factors; .
The osteochondrodysplasias are a heterogenous group of over 350 disorders of skeletogenesis . They have been defined by employing a combination of clinical, radiographic, histopathologic, and molecular genetic criteria . These disorders can be inherited as autosomal dominant, autosomal recessive or X linked disorders and teratogen exposure, maternal lupus and uniparental disomy can produce phenocopies of skeletal dysplasias .
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States, and it has been estimated that nearly 1.6 million new cases would be diagnosed in 2011 . A notable exception, Gemcitabine , a cytosine analog, is toxic to non cycling as well as proliferating cells although one of its primary modes of anticancer action involves its incorporation into the DNA of the cancer cell . Triplex technology offers an exciting approach to specifically target oncogenes for therapeutic intervention.
Factor IXa  is a vitamin K dependent coagulation serine protease, which upon binding to the non enzymatic cofactor, factor VIIIa, on membrane surfaces in the presence of Ca2+ forms the intrinsic Xase complex and rapidly activates factor X to factor Xa  during the blood coagulation process . FIXa plays a key role in hemostasis, and its deficiency is associated with the life threatening disease hemophilia B . The zymogen FIX circulates in plasma as a single chain glycoprotein with 415 amino acids.
Many of the most potent drugs and drug candidates are not water soluble. Formulation of poorly soluble drugs such as paclitaxel  with a water solubility of approx. The current clinical formulation of PTX, Taxol®, contains less than 1%wt.
Situated at the interface between the organism and the environment, peripheral sensory organs must maintain defensive barriers to protect from external injury and support immune surveillance. Loss of the sense of smell is a debilitating condition posing significant health risks and sinonasal inflammation is the most frequent etiology of human olfactory dysfunction . The mechanisms of olfactory loss in chronic rhinosinusitis are poorly understood.
Many traditional medicines have been used for thousands of years, and although they are safe and affordable, neither the active components nor the mechanisms of action are understood. Zerumbone, a sesquiterpene, was first isolated from the rhizome of a subtropical wild shampoo ginger  and determined to be an anti inflammatory agent . It was found to have anticancer activity against a wide variety of tumor cells, including colon cancer , leukemia , myeloid cancer , and liver cancer , and to inhibit phorbol ester induced Epstein Barr virus activation .
In 2005, Hunter and Yotsuyanagi suggested that greater attention to the specific anatomy of the ear might aid in the diagnosis of certain syndromes. At that time, a group of dysmorphologists/medical geneticists began an effort to standardize the description of clinical morphology and the respective terminology used to report syndromes and dysmorphic signs; so called dysmorphic features. That work, included one paper dedicated to the external ear .
In 2011, there were an estimated 8.7 million newly infected cases of tuberculosis  worldwide and 1.4 million deaths attributed to TB . The appearance and spread of forms of Mycobacterium tuberculosis that are resistant to drugs in the standardised TB treatment regimen are threats to effective TB control. Countries of the eastern part of the World Health Organization  European Region have reported percentages of TB cases with MDR TB several times higher than countries elsewhere in the world .
In Kilifi, Kenya, community acquired bacteraemia is responsible for at least a third of all hospital deaths in infants and a quarter of deaths in children aged ≥1 year; Streptococcus pneumoniae is the commonest invasive isolate . Before introduction of Haemophilus influenzae type b  vaccine H. influenzae was the commonest cause of bacterial meningitis at Kilifi District Hospital . Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine was efficacious in two populations studied in Africa  and there is growing international pressure to introduce this vaccine in developing countries  .
Concern is mounting that a family of chemicals, the phthalate diesters, may pose human health risks based on numerous animal studies and a limited number of observational studies in humans. One area of concern specifically to neurodevelopment is the observed correlations between phthalates exposure and circulating thyroid hormone. Low serum free thyroxine  was associated with high urinary concentration of monobutyl phthalate, a metabolite of dibutyl phthalate in a cohort of pregnant women during the second trimester , and with urinary mono phthalate  in adult males  .
Most xenobiotics are transferred into milk by passive diffusion and the extent of their accumulation in milk ) can be predicted by in vitro measurements of drug binding and ionization in milk and serum as well as lipid partitioning into milk . Such an approach successfully predicted the M/S for a number of drugs ; however, this approach was unable to estimate the large M/S observed for drugs like nitrofurantoin . In fact the observed ratios for nitrofurantoin in the human and rat were 20 and 100 times greater , respectively than could be accounted for by passive diffusion alone, clearly implicating an active transport process .
The use of aptamers as the affinity component in assays and sensors is beginning to rival antibodies for these applications. , This has facilitated research on sensors, separations, and binding assay applications utilizing aptamers in a number of readout formats including electrochemical,, surface plasmon resonance ,, quartz crystal microbalance , etc. For most of these applications, aptamers must be immobilized onto a solid surface.
Immunoglobulin A  nephropathy is defined as the predominant deposition of IgA in the glomerular mesangium. Worldwide, IgA nephropathy is recognized as the most common primary glomerulopathy. In previous clinical studies, we demonstrated that the immunoreactivity of intrarenal angiotensinogen  and angiotensin  II is significantly higher in kidneys of IgA nephropathy patients than in surgically resected normal kidneys.
Familial Hypercholesterolemia  is an autosomal co dominant disorder characterized by absence of the receptor for low density lipoproteins ; a single chain glycoprotein containing 839 amino acids in its mature form. Patients with one abnormal allele, heterozygous FH  have moderate elevations in plasma LDL and suffer from premature coronary artery disease , whereas homozygous FH patients  have very high serum LDL C concentrations that cause early onset of life threatening cardiovascular disease . Liver directed gene therapy using adeno associated viral vectors  has been demonstrated in preclinical models to stably correct several metabolic disorders and is currently being pursued in clinical trials for treatment of hemophilia A and B, ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency  and alpha1 antitrypsin  deficiency.
Cinnamaldehyde  is a pungent chemical from cinnamon that acts as an agonist of the thermosensitive TRP  ion channel TRPA1 that was originally reported to be activated by cold temperatures below 18°C . Topical application of CA or AITC elicits a burning sensation and heat hyperalgesia in humans  and enhances responses of rat spinal and trigeminal subnucleus caudalis  dorsal horn neurons to noxious heat . The role of TRPA1 in cold pain is more controversial, with discrepant reports that TRPA1 does  or does not respond to intense cooling .
Despite ground breaking advances in the field of prokaryotic biology, there are many unanswered questions left to be studied. Larger than most viruses but smaller than most eukaryotic genomes, bacterial genomes have been sequenced to understand pathogen host interactions, to understand the environment specific evolution of species, and also to trace the source of bacterial related disease outbreaks. However, there are advantages and disadvantages associated with each individual technology.
Pain management following major intracranial surgery is often limited by a presumed lack of need and a concern that opioids will adversely affect postoperative outcome and interfere with the neurologic examination. Nevertheless, evidence in adults is accumulating that these patients suffer moderate to severe pain and this pain is often under treated. The purpose of this prospective, clinical observational cohort study was to assess the incidence of pain, prescribed analgesics, methods of analgesic delivery, and patient/parent satisfaction in pediatric patients undergoing cranial surgery at 3 major university children’s hospitals .
Owing to typical resource constraints for exposure assessment, information on characteristics of personal exposure to particulate matter  remains sparse. conducted field studies of human exposure that examined the relationships between ambient air PM mass concentrations and total personal PM exposures, but little is known about exposure to PM components. Central monitoring site  data are now available for the concentrations of PM2.5 components on a 1 in 3 or 1 in 6 day basis, but not for components of PM10 or PM102.5.
Ulcerative colitis  and Crohn’s disease  are the two major forms of inflammatory bowel disease  and are characterized by non specific chronic inflammation and intestinal tissue damage. Although the etiologies of both diseases are still unknown, recent advances in the understanding of IBD pathogenesis increasingly suggest that chronic intestinal inflammation is caused by an excessive and uncontrolled immune response . New effective treatments are needed to improve the clinical outcome of patients suffering from this complication.
Hip fractures contribute the greatest to morbidity and mortality among all osteoporotic fractures. Additionally, women who sustain a hip fracture have a 23 fold increased risk of mortality in the first year. The inflammation hypothesis of aging suggests that inflammation plays a major role in the aging process through an increase in vascular permeability, tissue damage, and cell death.
Colorectal cancer is an enormous problem within the United States, with an estimated 148,000 new cases diagnosed and almost 50,000 deaths in 2008 alone . Of patients diagnosed with colorectal cancer, the majority will at some time during the course of the disease develop distant metastases . The liver is the most common site of colorectal cancer metastasis, and patients with liver metastases in general have a poor prognosis, with 5 year survival rates of 2540% following resection with curative intent .
In the mammalian fetus, there is rapid proliferation in many tissues, driving rapid organ growth and consequently rapid growth in overall body size. In the human, but not in most other mammals, this pattern of deceleration is transiently interrupted by the pubertal growth spurt, when the linear growth rate increases temporarily to approximately 10 cm/year, but then the overall decline resumes, until linear growth ceases by mid to late adolescence. This progressive deceleration in body growth appears to be caused primarily by local mechanisms, intrinsic to the growing tissues, rather than systemic mechanisms.
The blood brain barrier  is a specialized physical and functional barrier comprised of cerebral endothelial cells with intercellular tight junctions, cell cell signaling with astrocyte end feet, and efflux pumps in their apical membranes . Studies in experimental animals show that in healthy brain tissue with a fully functional BBB, trans endothelial permeability is exceedingly low and that there is minimal passive extravasation of plasma proteins, inorganic solutes or even water molecules . Several lines of evidence suggest imperfect BBB function in human brain tissue that may be limited in duration and location.
Thyroid hormone is essential for fetal development, regulates neurodevelopment and is critical for brain maturation. Maternal and neonatal thyroid levels are tightly correlated and hypothyroidism in pregnancy is associated with pregnancy complications such as preterm birth and preeclampsia, as well as adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes in the offspring . Neonatal thyroid stimulating hormone , a hormone that stimulates the production of thyroid hormones, is highly variable among preterm infants and when measured 13 days after birth is significantly lower in preterm compared to term neonates .
Instability can be missed in monitored patients. One contributing factor is alarm fatigue when false alarms originating from monitoring artifact desensitizes clinicians to real alarms. Based on our clinical observation, we hypothesized that artifact is not random, but for each monitored parameter manifests in a small subset of patterns .
Candida species are a prevalent cause of invasive fungal infections, currently the fourth leading organism in hospital acquired bloodstream infections in the United States . Candida albicans is associated with the majority of these infections and possesses a number of specific virulence attributes that have been the subject of intensive study . Candida parapsilosis has been considered a less virulent species and historically has been associated with a small proportion of bloodstream infections.
Porcine embryos secrete enhanced levels of estrogens, mainly estradiol 17β  between days 10 and 13 after fertilization, just before implantation in the process of the maternal recognition of pregnancy . The action of estrogens may be luteoprotective and antiluteolytic  . However, estrogen alone, does not fully exert the effect of the embryo on growth and development of CL .
The addition of oxygen to polyunsaturated fatty acids produces an array of bioactive compounds referred to here as oxylipins. Previously we have demonstrated that in rats, oxylipins are distributed among lipoproteins and that the pattern of distribution is disrupted in proteinuric hyperlipidemia . This seems counterintuitive given the well known link between LDL, oxidized LDL and vascular disease risk.
Routine epidemiologic surveillance of HIV and other sexually transmitted infections  is a central component of public health efforts to control the spread of infection. Effective surveillance can help determine patterns of disease transmission, identify developing epidemiologic trends, and inform decisions regarding the allocation of limited resources. Alternative sampling methods, including time space sampling  and respondent driven sampling  have been suggested as potential epidemiologic surveillance tools for MSM/TW in Latin America, but have not been thoroughly evaluated for use in this context.
Melanoma is the most aggressive and metastatic form of skin cancer . Most deaths occur from disseminated, therapy resistant tumors disrupting major organ function . It is accompanied by secretion of factors including proteases and cytokines, performing autocrine or paracrine roles to promote metastasis .
Using data from a community wide surveillance study of patients hospitalized with acute myocardial infarction  in a large central New England community, we examined 2 decade long trends  in duration of pre hospital delay, the relation between time to hospital presentation and several patient associated characteristics, and the association between extent of pre hospital delay and hospital receipt and timing of various coronary reperfusion interventions. The study population consisted of 5,967 residents of the Worcester, Massachusetts, metropolitan area hospitalized with AMI in all area medical centers in 11 annual periods between 1986 and 2005 in whom information about time of acute symptom onset and hospital arrival was available based on the review of hospital medical records . Data for this study were derived from the Worcester Heart Attack Study.
Thyrotropin releasing hormone  is a tripeptide agonist that initiates its effects by activating two G protein coupled receptors, TRH receptor type 1  and TRH receptor type 2   for review). Studies have linked TRH and its receptors to psychiatric disorders. Hypothyroidism causes depression, loss of energy and weight gain and within the HPT axis, a number of subtle abnormalities have been found in individuals with major depression including blunted TSH response to TRH and absence of nocturnal TSH surge .
In eukaryotic organisms, developmental processes are often characterized by the regulation of the actin cytoskeleton and associated cell adhesion molecules . Briefly, cell surface proteins bind to the extracellular matrix and connect it to the actin cytoskeleton via a complex network of cytosolic proteins  . The interaction of paxillin with numerous proteins leads to changes in the organization of the actin cytoskeleton that are necessary for cell motility associated with embryonic development, wound repair, and tumor metastasis .
Injection drug users and their sexual partners are at great risk of contracting and spreading human immunodeficiency virus . MM treatments have been highlighted as an effective HIV prevention and risk reduction strategy. Cocaine and alcohol use are a highly prevalent polysubstance use combination.
NKT cells are a unique population of T cells, and most of these cells express the NK cell receptor, NK1.1. Thus, NKT cells are CD1 restricted T cells. Around 1030% of liver lymphocytes are NKT cells.
Breast cancer affects thousands of families each year worldwide. Substantial reduction in mortality and morbidity from breast cancer and improvement in quality of life for women diagnosed with this disease is possible with non toxic preventive interventions. These preventive interventions, however, are not perfect for several reasons, including:  a subset of ER positive breast cancer is not responsive to some of these interventions ;  these agents are ineffective against ER negative or triple negative breast cancers , and  selective ER modulators as well as aromatase inhibitors have some side effects  .
Cardiovascular disease  rates tend to rise with age in most populations, although the age association of CVD varies across countries and has changed overtime  . It is believed that this association is partly because major CVD risk factors including blood pressure, cholesterol, and diabetes rise with age, and possibly due to the accumulation of risk factor effects over life course . Despite this commonly held view, some studies have found that populations with low CVD risk, e.g. some rural populations in developing countries, have attenuated age gradients of blood pressure and cholesterol compared to urban and industrialized populations, attributed partly to lower consumption of salt and animal products and lower body mass index   .
Adenoid cystic carcinoma  is a malignant epithelial glandular type neoplasia, characterized by neural infiltration, rich in angiogenesis, high incidence of distant metastasis and poor long term survival rates . Surgery followed by postoperative radiotherapy and/or chemotherapy is considered as the preferred therapy for ACC, however, both are ineffective for its local recurrence and distant metastasis . Apoptosis resistance is a hallmark for most cancers, by which malignant cells escape from cell death .
Angiogenesis plays an important role in the growth and spread of cancer. VEGF A will be the primary focus of this study and hereafter will be referred to as VEGF. Alternative splicing of VEGF produces four principal isoforms: VEGF121, VEGF165, VEGF189, and VEGF206.
Over one million meniscal surgeries are performed annually in the United States, making it one of the most commonly performed orthopaedic procedures. For severe tears or degenerated menisci, total meniscectomy was historically performed, following which progressive cartilage loss and eventual joint degeneration was seen. It has been postulated that cartilage damage after total meniscectomy was caused in part by alterations in joint mechanics, specifically increased contact stresses, decreased contact area, and decreased joint stability.
Broad biomedical applications of nuclear magnetic resonance, NMR and magnetic resonance imaging, MRI, are possible due to the existence of endogenous NMR sensitive nuclei, with concentrations up to 110 M in the case of water protons. MRI has found numerous clinical applications but still suffers from limited functional resolution. Because of the very short electron relaxation times, typically microsecond, pulsed approaches have been limited to paramagnetic probes with long relaxation times.
Porous Silicon  based nanostructured materials are widely studied for use in biomedical applications based on their biodegradability in the physiological environment as well as readily modified physico chemical and biophysical properties, including surface functionalization, size, shape and porosity . Various pSi based platforms are under development for applications such as biomolecular screening,  optical biosensing,  drug delivery through injectable carriers,  implantable devices,  and orally administered medications with improved bioavailability . For drug delivery application, biocompatibility presents one of the most important requirements.
Sentinel lymph node biopsy  remains the standard of care for the assessment of clinically negative axillary lymph nodes in patients with invasive breast carcinomas . Accurate diagnosis of a SLNB can direct the surgeon with regards to the need for axillary dissection , as well as affecting post operative treatment decisions including radiation therapy . Although the American Society of Clinical Oncology guidelines recommend paraffin embedding of lymph nodes with standard hematoxylin and eosin staining , surgeons often request intraoperative assessment of SLNB to guide further treatment decisions while still in the operating suite .
The potential for progenitor driven hepatic and/or pancreatic organ regeneration is of significant interest for regenerative medicine. Expression of the Rspondin receptor Lgr5 and activation of the Wnt signaling pathway have been shown to be useful epithelial stem cell markers in these tissues . Lgr5+ cells recovered from injured mouse liver form organoids and yield hepatocytes after transplantation and appropriate selection .
It is now well established that psychosocial interventions can improve the quality of life  of cancer patients, especially during active treatment . While many early stage patients adjust quite well to cancer post treatment, significant psychosocial problems can also occur during this period, including feelings and concerns related to uncertainty, isolation and vulnerability, as well as overt manifestations of distress, depression and sexual dysfunction . Despite these significant psychosocial sequelae, and in sharp contrast to the robust body of intervention research that has targeted cancer patients during treatment, there has been much less research focusing on cancer patients at this re entry transition post treatment  .
Down Syndrome  is the most common genetic cause of intellectual disability caused by the triplication of human chromosome 21 . The mutation results in congenital neuropathologies including hypoplasia and reduced brain volumes  that contributes to diminished brain function in DS individuals . Reduced hippocampal volume is evident during embryonic and early postnatal development , and persists into adulthood .
Animal models offer valuable opportunities to test therapeutic interventions and management regimens; each model having its own strengths and weaknesses. It has been less well suited, however, for studies of sickle cell chronic lung disease, vasculopathy, bone marrow infarction or embolization, retinopathy, renal papillary necrosis, or splenic atrophy. The histopathological changes of chronic tissue hypoxia and hemolytic anemia in the Berkeley model include infarcts and siderosis in spleen, kidneys, and liver, as well as, splenomegaly secondary to exuberant hematopoiesis .
Src is a ubiquitously expressed non receptor tyrosine kinase belonging to the Src family of protein tyrosine kinases . It has been well established that reactive electrophiles, such as H2O2, can participate in signal transduction by acting as second messengers through modification of the activity of signaling molecules. PTPs all have a catalytic site structure in which a reactive cysteine moiety  is potentially susceptible to oxidative modification by H2O2.
Although articular cartilage has a complex, highly organized structure responsible for its important function, it lacks an intrinsic capability to repair itself and is difficult to fully regenerate with current treatments . Recently, tissue engineering strategies combining cells, scaffolds and bioactive factors have been investigated for the replacement of structural and functional aspects of native cartilage , . Numerous studies have demonstrated the successful transplantation of autologous MSCs for bone and cartilage tissue engineering   .
Analytical ultracentrifugation  is one of the classical biophysical methods for the study of macromolecular size and shape, their interactions, and size distribution in free solution . Accurate knowledge of the solution temperature is critical for an absolute determination of these hydrodynamic parameters, mainly due to the strongly temperature dependent viscosity of water. Unfortunately, a measurement of the sample solution temperature in a spinning rotor is non trivial and many methods have been developed during the long history of AUC.
Despite the development of new antiepileptic drugs  during recent years, epilepsy  affecting more than 60 million patients worldwide   continues to be a major health problem,  due to pharmacoresistance or intolerable side effects in more than one third of patients , and  due to the limitations of current AEDs to prevent the development of epilepsy  or to modify the progression of epilepsy . Therefore, therapeutic alternatives are urgently needed. Thus, cell and gene therapies, have been explored with the aim to affect epilepsy on a local level .
Whole genome and exome sequencings  are effective in identifying disease associated variants for both rare and common diseases  and are being deployed in clinical practice . The comparison of sequencing platforms and library preparation methods showed significant bias , and alignment and variant calling procedures result in false positives and false negatives as well . The differences due to sequencing platforms, alignment methods, and variant calling procedures are more significant for INDELs compared to SNVs .
  The study was conducted in a misdemeanor drug court located in the city of Wilmington, DE. If a defendant is terminated from the drug court for unsuccessful performance, the guilty plea is formally entered as a conviction. This baseline matching procedure was based on our earlier research demonstrating that “high risk” participants who had either  Antisocial Personality Disorder  or  a history of previous drug abuse treatment performed significantly better when they were required to appear before the judge on a bi weekly basis; in contrast, participants without these characteristics performed equivalently regardless of how often they were required to see the judge .
Formaldehyde  is a ubiquitous pollutant to which humans are chronically exposed via different routes. This chemical is also present in various forms of life, including humans . Commercially, it is widely employed in the production of resins containing urea, phenol, melamine and, in a smaller extent, their derivatives.
Sarcoidosis is a chronic, progressive, multisystemic condition of unknown etiology that can involve pulmonary, cutaneous, and ocular systems. , Although its mortality rate is low, the chronic nature of the disease can be disabling both physically and mentally, especially to those with extrapulmonary involvement. , Current therapeutic regimens for sarcoidosis include various immunosuppressive agents that may alter the course of the disease and improve health outcomes but they carry significant side effects that may affect patients’ daily activities and quality of life.
Agonistic behavior includes all behaviors that are exhibited during social conflict, including aggressive, submissive/defensive and communicative  behaviors. Several factors influence the outcome of social conflict in Syrian hamsters. In male male interactions, heavier males dominate smaller opponents over 60% of the time .
Severe sepsis is a common medical condition characterized by a systemic inflammatory response that results from a harmful or damaging host response to infection that leads to multiple organ failure and death . Macrophages have a major role in the maintenance of the tissue homeostasis, in part, because of anti microbial properties and through involvement in both the innate and adaptive immune responses during the course of inflammatory diseases. Macrophages are innate immune effector cells that are essential for generating beneficial inflammation that is necessary for pulmonary antibacterial host defence .
Proteins embedded within the extracellular matrix  impact nearly all biological functions . Outside of the nervous system, major constituents of the ECM include laminins, fibrillar and non fibrillar collagens, nidogens, fibronectins, tenascins, and proteoglycans . These metalloproteases not only liberate growth factors and morphogens from the ECM but also contribute to matrix turnover, matrix remodeling and the liberation of bio active fragments from full length ECM molecules .
Institutional rearing is characterized by multiple, rotating caregivers, unfavorable child to caregiver ratios, and limited social, cognitive, and language stimulation . Previous studies have found both cognitive deficits and neuroanatomical differences in children exposed to early institutional rearing when compared to typically developing children . Given the polygenic nature of neurodevelopment, analysis of the cumulative impact of well defined genes known to interact  is expected to be more predictive of complex neurocognitive phenotypes than single gene studies .
The effects of prenatal care utilization on birth outcomes such as birth weight are commonly analyzed in order to evaluate the potential that changing utilization rates would have on improving birth outcomes. Studies using infant samples in the United States  have generally reported prenatal care utilization to be either ineffective or modestly effective in improving birth weight after accounting for maternal self selection in prenatal care. Econometric studies that clearly account for self selection in prenatal care have been rare for less developed countries, including countries in South America.
Mass spectrometry is a widely used technique for protein characterization in complex biological samples. Functional proteomic studies that employ mass spectrometry to investigate the dynamics of protein protein interactions in response to changing environmental conditions can help reveal novel biological functions of cellular proteins. Recent work has shown that use of a hybrid MALDI LTQ Orbitrap mass spectrometer is amenable to the study of protein complexes .
Biological monitoring  has the ability to integrate total chemical exposure to assess human dosimetry . This includes exposure from multiple sources  and multiple routes of intake . However, a major impediment to conducting epidemiology studies is the lack of affordable quantitative technologies that can readily measure chemical exposure markers  using minimally invasive biological fluids .
A decline in many cognitive abilities accompanies aging in humans. Numerous studies have reported an improvement in cognitive performance of women receiving hormone treatment . For example, hormone treatment enhances measures of verbal memory and improves performance on tasks of spatial and verbal working memory .
An estimated 80% of the 250,000 children diagnosed with cancer each year die without even rudimentary cancer treatment or pain relief. The World Health Organization  calls palliative care a human right and has proposed a comprehensive agenda for national policy, education, public awareness, morphine availability, and palliation standards. While paediatric palliative care programs are increasingly common in resource rich countries, there is little information about their availability and quality in middle  and low income countries.
Probiotics are viable nonpathogenic microorganisms that, when supplied in adequate amounts, confer health benefits to hosts . The importance of a healthy gut microflora has long been recognized, but only recently has increased attention been focused on the potential of probiotics as preventive and therapeutic agents in gastrointestinal diseases . However, the mechanisms regulating epithelial cell responses to probiotics are complex and mostly undefined .
The pathogenic Neisseria species consist of N. meningitidis, which causes bacterial meningitis and sepsis, and N. gonorrhoeae, the causative agent of the sexually transmitted disease gonorrhoea. In recent studies, we have identified an additional outer membrane glycoprotein in pathogenic Neisseria, the copper containing nitrite reductase AniA, formerly known as Pan 1 , that is glycosylated in its C terminal region by the pgl pathway . Both N. gonorrhoeae and N. meningitidis contain the internal enzymatic steps of the denitrification pathway in which nitrite is reduced to nitric oxide  by AniA , and nitric oxide is reduced to nitrous oxide  by the nitric oxide reductase, NorB .
Overall cure rates for newly diagnosed children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia  approach 80%  with currently available therapies. However, even with risk stratified and more intensive frontline therapy, 20 25% of children with ALL still relapse, accounting for a large number of pediatric cancer patients. Previous studies have demonstrated that successful treatment of relapsed ALL has been closely correlated to the length of the first clinical remission  and the site of relapse .
Drugs that prolong the QT interval on the electrocardiogram present a major safety concern for pharmaceutical companies and regulatory agencies. Despite a range of assays performed to assess compound effects on the QT interval, QT prolongation remains a major cause of attrition during compound development. In silico assays could alleviate such problems.
In conventional MRI, gradient magnetic fields have linear spatial variations , which allows the excitation process to be expressed as a Fourier transform if the flip angle is small , or as a set of small flip angle pulses applied in succession if the flip angle is large . Therefore, a method that guides k space trajectory design is needed if NLGFs are to be used during excitation . In this study, we first investigate the effects of applying NLGFs during RF excitation.
Persons with pain engage in a number of health behaviors to manage pain. Adverse interactions have been documented between alcohol consumption and OTC medication use and are associated with increased risk for gastrointestinal bleeding and anecdotal accounts of liver disease that appear to occur outside the range of therapeutic dosing. Studies have shown individuals often use alcohol to cope with stress and chronic pain can be a significant stressor.
In order for chemotherapy to be effective, chemotherapeutic agents must be active against cancer cells while having minimal toxic effects on healthy cells, tissues and organs. However, this approach is seldom used because of the toxicity of Pgp inhibitors against healthy cells  and the reduced systemic clearance of anticancer drug by Pgp inhibitors, leading to adverse effects related to the anticancer drugs. Adding a targeting moiety, such as a ligand or an antibody, helps the cellular uptake while avoiding Pgp.
In the last two decades there have been marked secular increases in the prevalence of obesity in the majority of countries worldwide . More than 1.1 billion individuals meet current definitions for overweight or obesity  which puts them at increased risk for number of chronic diseases including cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes . In large scale observational studies, the degree of adiposity is typically assessed using the following indicators: waist to hip ratio , waist circumference , or, most commonly, body mass index .
The ability to control neuronal activity both in vitro and in vivo is crucial for the study of nervous system functions. Optical excitation has recently emerged as an alternative approach that easily overcomes these drawbacks . Effects of light on biological tissues can be photochemical, photothermal, photomechanical, and photoelectrical, depending on the size and nature of the sample as well as the wavelength of the light .
Learning to disregard a conditioned stimulus  that no longer predicts an unconditioned stimulus  is important for adaptive behavior in a changing environment. An observation, made by , that extinguished conditioned responses  can recover is widely interpreted as indicating that extinction does not erase a CSUCS association  but creates a competing CSnoUCS association  . Context appears to be a critical regulatory factor in the expression of this putative competition .
Transient Receptor Potential  proteins form cation selective ion channels that have been implicated in a broad array of functional roles, ranging from sensing temperature, odorants, or osmolarity to transducing responses to neurotransmitters and hormones. TRPC  proteins form Ca2+ permeable channels that mediate receptor and store operated Ca2+ influx in excitable and non excitable cell types . The precise mechanism of activation of TRPC channels is not understood .
The extensive worldwide exposure to arsenic in drinking water  and the prevalence of serious consequent health effects, emphasize an urgent need to link target tissue doses of active arsenic metabolites to key mechanistic events producing adverse responses . The mechanism by which chronic inorganic arsenic exposure results in human carcinogenesis has long been elusive , complicated by the realization that arsenite methylation may not give effective detoxification  and could even yield more toxic metabolites . Moreover, arsenite exposure results in generation of reactive oxygen, which has a myriad of downstream effects .
In 2010 UNAIDS/WHO reported that some 11·2 % of the South African population was living with HIV  . Following pervasive government denial and weak implementation of programmes, renewed political commitment made that currently voluntary counselling and testing and highly active antiretroviral therapy  are scaled up, as well as access to condoms and expand tuberculosis  control efforts . After the decision in 2003 to provide free public access to HAART coverage increased from 4·9% of those requiring it to 40·2% in 2008 .
Epstein Barr virus is a human γ herpesvirus that persistently infects more than 90% of the adult human population . It causes tumors of epithelial and B cells origin, and readily transforms human B cells in vitro . However, the majority of EBV carriers likely controls their infection with this tumor virus by T cell mediated immune responses.
The Drosophila paradigm for patterning the anterior posterior  axis has provided a touchstone for comparative studies of segmentation in other insects and arthropods . One surprising outcome of the Drosophila screens was the revelation that the blastoderm is transiently organized into parasegments by the pair rule genes . For instance, the pair rule gene fushi tarazu  is expressed in odd numbered parasegments that straddle segment boundaries .
Merlin is a tumour suppressor whose loss leads to the formation of benign tumours of the nervous system, mainly schwannomas and meningiomas that are also hallmarks of the inherited disease neurofibromatosis type 2 . P21 activated kinase  phosphorylates merlin and is inhibited by merlin in a negative feedback loop. PAK is thus being regarded as potential therapeutic target in NF2 .
Habituation to redundant sensory input, or sensory gating, has been studied utilizing electroencephalography  recordings of a paired click auditory stimulus. These studies have largely focused on habituation of the primary auditory response approximately 50 ms after presentation of the stimulus . Gating is the reduction in amplitude of response to the second click relative to the first click measured as the event related brain potential .
It is well recognized that exposure to air pollutants can cause the exacerbation of asthma and cardiovascular diseases  and inflammation related processes are known to play a key role in these effects . Consistent with this notion, air pollution particles have been shown to activate Nf κB and up regulate pro inflammatory genes such as eotaxin and interleukins  . Ambient air pollutants contain chemicals present in both the vapor  and particle phases, but most health assessment studies have focused on ambient and exhaust particles.
The magnitude of the static magnetic fields employed in magnetic resonance imaging  has steadily increased in recent years. Three to four tesla  MRI machines are now common, and experimental MRI machines have recently been developed with field strengths of 8 T  and 9.4 T  for human studies, and 21 T for animal studies . When positioned at the homogeneous center of the magnetic field, movement of the head  generated mild to severe vertigo .
Negative mood has been proposed as an important psychological factor in the initiation, maintenance, and relapse of smoking behavior . Smokers often report greater motivation to smoke in response to increases in negative mood  and maintain strong expectancies that smoking alleviates unpleasant feelings . There is limited research on the effect of negative mood states on smoking behavior via non stressful induction methods such as exposure to images and/or sounds intended to elicit a more general unpleasant state .
Endometrial carcinoma is the most common gynecological cancer in the United States and fourth most common cancer among women, after breast, lung, and colon cancer with 47,130 cases and 8,010 deaths reported in 2012 . There are two distinct types of endometrial cancers based on histological and molecular characteristics. Type I tumors, referred to as the endometrioid type, are generally well differentiated adenocarcinomas with or without squamous differentiation, whereas Type II, the nonendometrioid type, are uterine papillary serous and clear cell carcinomas .
Neurotrophic factors have been shown to augment neuronal survival, function and axon growth in numerous animal models of neuronal degeneration and nervous system injury. However, clinical translation of neurotrophic factor therapy has been hampered by the inability of these proteins to traverse the blood brain barrier and reach target areas of the CNS, and by dose limiting adverse effects from broad exposure of non targeted structures in the CNS and PNS . This has led to several clinical trials delivering trophic factors by ex vivo and in vivo gene therapy in neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer’s disease and Parkinson’s disease .
Cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of death worldwide, accounts for one in three deaths in the United States and is primarily driven by atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis progression ultimately results in a toxic microenvironment in which dead or dying lipid laden foam cells are sequestered from the circulation by a VSMC derived fibrous cap. We sought to identify novel, potentially atheroprotective genes in a previous study, in which we conducted a transcript screen for alternately regulated genes in human arteries versus veins and other tissues.
Although lipopolysaccharide  induced proinflammatory molecules are indispensable for counteracting the growth and dissemination of gram negative bacteria, overproduction can lead to sepsis syndrome, also known as endotoxin shock. The occurrence of endotoxin tolerance has been reported in several disease settings, including sepsis, trauma, surgery, and pancreatitis, underlining its clinical significance. Pharmacologic modulation of LPS responsive genes to accelerate the onset of endotoxin tolerance would be beneficial in clinical settings dominated by acute hyperinflammatory responses to infection.
Criminal violence is one of the most burdensome public health issues worldwide, with staggering socio economic repercussions . The urgent need to develop effective strategies for the prevention of criminal violence has recently given impetus to new research efforts aimed at identifying its psychobiological causes. These investigations have revealed that the propensity towards criminal violence is underpinned by a complex interplay of genetic and socio environmental factors ; the exact nature of these interactions, however, remains poorly understood, also in consideration of the ethical, legal and logistic concerns raised by genetic studies in criminal offenders .
RNA viruses, which have small genomes with limited coding potential, depend on recruited host factors during the replication process. While many of the identified genes are important for RNA virus replication, other host genes were found inhibitory by reducing the accumulation of the viral RNA. Tomato bushy stunt virus  has emerged as one of highly suitable model virus systems to study RNA virus replication and host   virus interaction due to the recent development of the highly tractable yeast as a model host  and cell free approaches .
Carotid intima media thickness , a validated surrogate measure of cardiovascular risk , is increased in diabetes . The Diabetes Control and Complications Trial   glucose reduction interventions in a Type 1 diabetic cohort produced subsequent reductions in CVD event rates  which were heralded by reduced rates of IMT progression . Alpha glucosidase inhibitors improve glucose control in part by delaying glucose digestion, thereby allowing better matching of the endogenous insulin response with glucose absorption.
Receptor mediated activation of protein kinase Cs  via Gαq and phospholipase C signaling is implicated in myocardial contractile abnormalities, cardiac hypertrophy, and the progression to heart failure , . Of the twelve recognized PKC isoenzymes , myocardium expresses significant amounts of four: two “conventional” isoenzymes  and two “novel” isoemzymes . The canonical mechanism for PKC activation is via phospholipase C  mediated increases in cytosolic free calcium and phospholipids.
Tympanoplasty and ossiculoplasty, which are widely used to overcome conductive hearing loss due to middle ear pathology, rely on coupling sound pressure in the ear canal to the oval window  of the cochlea. The method of coupling ear canal sound to the OW can work for many middle ear pathologies, but has a significant failure rate , and is often not feasible for others, e.g., congenital aural atresia  . In experiments in the cat, Wever and Lawrence  and Voss et al.
More than half of incident cancer cases and two thirds of cancer deaths already occur in developing countries. In sub Saharan Africa, cancer incidence is expected to increase drastically over the next few decades due to multiple factors, notably increased life expectancy and westernized lifestyles as well as increased quality of diagnostics. Though cancer registration is indispensable as an accurate and longitudinal measure of the true burden of disease and thus to inform national cancer control programs,, only 11% of the population in Africa is covered by a cancer registry, and only 1% of African populations are covered by high quality population based cancer registries.
The cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator  is a membrane bound protein composed of 1480 amino acids with a mass of 168,142 Da and 180,000 Da after glycosylation. There are 2 nucleotide binding domains, NBD1 and NBD2. NBD1 is formed by residues 377637, while NBD2 consists of residues 11751430.
Lung cancer is a major cause of disease burden and loss of life in the United States and worldwide. More people die of lung cancer in the United States than from colon, breast, and prostate cancers combined. The American Cancer Society estimates that there will be 215,020 new cases of lung cancer and 161,840 deaths attributed to lung cancer in 2008.
Perivascular adipose tissue  is a fat depot just beginning to be appreciated for the contributions it makes to vascular function, human health and disease . For example, removal of PVAT enhanced arterial contraction to an exogenous agonist. While studying the role of kynurenines in PVAT induced depression of contraction , we made the novel observation that PVATs in the rat contain substantial concentrations of catecholamines, including dopamine , norepinephrine  and adrenaline .
The JIL 1 tandem kinase in Drosophila localizes specifically to euchromatic interband regions of polytene chromosomes and is the predominant kinase controlling the phosphorylation state of histone H3S10 at interphase . JIL 1 is essential for viability and reduced levels of JIL 1 protein leads to a global disruption of chromosome structure  as well as to extensive ectopic spreading of heterochromatic factors . Recently, based on analyses of transcriptionally active regions during the heat shock response  an alternative model was proposed where JIL 1 is required for transcription by the RNA polymerase II  machinery .
Spinal cord injury  destroys neural and glial elements and severs the axonal connections between the motor and sensory systems leading to permanent and often devastating loss of function . Neural stem and progenitor cells comprise a promising resource for the treatment of traumatic spinal cord injury. NPCs derived from human embryonic and induced pluripotent stem cells  have also shown efficacy .
Through the formation of tight junctions joining the endothelial cells of capillaries in the brain, the blood brain barrier  acts to restrict and regulate the exchange of substances between the general circulation and the central nervous system . As such, the integrity of the BBB is critical to neuronal health since it protects the brain from toxins, facilitates nutrient transport, and maintains ion balance. One explanation is that the sensitivity of DCE MRI may not be adequate to detect subtle changes in BBB permeability due to insufficient leakage of contrast agent into the interstitial space.
Microphthalmia associated transcription factor , the master regulator of melanocyte differentiation, promotes melanocyte lineage survival and plays a key role in melanoma progression. MITF can inhibit proliferation by directly activating expression of the cyclin dependent kinase inhibitors, p21CIP1 and p16INK4A . Thus, SWI/SNF subunit composition is an important determinant of SWI/SNF specificity .
Oxygen homeostasis is vital for proper functioning and fluctuations in oxygen metabolism can have detrimental consequences on biological organisms. Organisms have evolved signaling pathways to deal with oxidative damage to macromolecules, particularly DNA. Damaged cells subsequently activate signaling pathways regulating DNA repair and/or cell death.
The mammalian tachykinin family of neuropeptides that includes substance P, neurokinin A, neurokinin B, neuropeptide K and neuropeptide gamma exert their biological actions through G protein coupled receptors termed neurokinin 1, neurokinin 2, and neurokinin 3  . Activation of NK 3 receptors primarily causes phosphoinositol 4, 5 biphosphate  breakdown into 1,4,5 inositol triphosphate  and diacylglycerol through phospholipase C activation , eventually leading to Ca2+ mobilization and induction of Ca2+ dependent downstream signaling pathways . NK 3 receptors are found peripherally on nerve endings of primary afferent neurons innervating the respiratory, gastrointestinal and urinary tracts , however they are also differentially expressed in the central nervous system.
The prevalence rates of Alzheimer’s disease , obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus , and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease /non alcoholic steatohepatitis , which includes metabolic syndrome, have all increased dramatically over the past several decades . This concept is supported by epidemiologic data demonstrating a significant association between T2DM and MCI or dementia, and that T2DM is a significant risk factor for developingAD . Mechanistically, increased risk of dementia in T2DM and obesity could be linked to chronic hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, accumulation of advanced glycation end products, increased production of pro inflammatory cytokines, and/or microvascular disease .
Cannabinoid CB1Rs are members of a large group of G protein coupled receptors  extensively expressed in mammalian brain tissue . CB1Rs are located largely on axon terminals in the CNS and are activated by diverse agonists, including plant derived compounds such as Δ9 THC, synthetic agonists such as WIN55,212 2, and by membrane lipid derived endogenous cannabinoids  . Activation of CB1Rs on axon terminals by these agonists inhibits neurotransmitter release throughout the CNS .
What is the relationship between the development of speech and language comprehension and the comprehension of other complex auditory signals? Rather, most have contrasted infants’ preference for speech and non speech sounds. Likewise, in gesture production,  found a greater acceptance of verbal rather than gestural labels between 1620 months  .
English proficiency is associated with alcohol use in some immigrants groups, but little is known about its association among Arab Americans. Ethnographic work suggests gender, religion, education, and age influence prevalence of alcohol use among Arab Americans . Two year prospective study of recent Iraqi refugees and non Iraqi Arab immigrants in Michigan using bilingual surveys and interviewers .
Cervical spondylomyelopathy  commonly affects Great Danes. In addition, since Great Danes are usually affected with the osseous associated form of cervical spondylomyelopathy,, survey radiographs will frequently reveal osteoarthritic changes and sclerosis of the cervical vertebral articular processes.,,, Occasionally, vertebral body malformations may also be found.,, Similar methods have been reported for quantifying cervical vertebral malformation in horses, and cervical spondylotic myelopathy in people. In order to improve accuracy and minimize effects of magnification errors, a ratio method has been proposed.
As of 2010, there were an estimated 34 million people were living with HIV worldwide, with nearly 70% of these individuals in sub  Saharan Africa. To date, HIV reverse transcriptase inhibitors, including non nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors , nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors  and nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitors  are major components of highly active antiretroviral therapy  used as first line therapies for the treatment of HIV infection. For these reasons new drugs are needed to maintain therapeutic options for patients failing on currently available therapies .
The emergence of the swine origin influenza H1N1 pandemic demonstrates quite plainly the potential threat of influenza viruses . In addition, annual influenza epidemics are responsible for significant mortality and morbidity . Alternatives to egg and cell culture derived vaccine approaches, like recombinant haemagglutinin  expressed in E. coli and insect cells, influenza virus like particles  expressed in insect cells, mammalian cells or plants, and influenza DNA vaccines have been established  .
The colon is lined with a single layer of epithelial cells which invade into the underlying mesenchyme to form tubular glands called crypts of Lieberkühn. These cells fuel the rapid renewal  of colonic epithelial cells on the luminal aspect where most of the non proliferative cells are positioned. This polarity of cellular organization is thought to be maintained by a balance of biochemical and biophysical in vivo microenvironments, including gradients of soluble factors  across the basal luminal axis, and biophysical interactions with supporting cells  and their secreted extracellular matrices.
Thymomas are rare neoplasms accounting for only 0.2% to 1.5% of all malignancies . Despite their rarity, they comprise about 20% of all mediastinal masses and account for up to 50% of anterior mediastinal masses  Patients with thymoma are frequently diagnosed with paraneoplastic syndromes, the most common of which is myasthenia gravis . Multiple studies also suggest that patients diagnosed with thymoma are at an increased risk of developing second primary malignancies, with a reported frequency ranging from 8 to 28%  .
Protein kinase CK2  is a ubiquitous serine/threonine protein kinase that phosphorylates more than 300 substrates in the cell and is involved in a variety of biological processes, including cell proliferation, migration, differentiation, apoptosis, circadian rhythms, and angiogenesis . In cell culture, different chemical and antisense inhibitors of CK2 were shown to induce apoptosis of various cells . In vivo, antisense oligonucleotide to CK2α catalytic subunit was able to inhibit growth of xenografted tumors .
Colon cancer is among the leading causes of cancer related deaths in the world’s developed countries. For example, if cellular homeostasis between cell growth and cell death is disrupted, clonal expansion could ensue to result in the overproduction of transformed cells. Eicosapentaenoic acid  and docosahexaenoic acid  are two typical n 3 PUFA found in fish oil.
Postsynaptic responses critically depend on the type of presynaptic terminals and the number and arrangement of synapses . In case of excitatory transmission, these parameters show great variability. However, giant excitatory terminals, which target proximal dendritic regions or somata and establish contacts via a large number of synapses, have also been described .
Increasing evidence indicates that the biological heterogeneity of breast cancers has clinical and epidemiologic implications. Classifying invasive breast cancers into distinct subtypes based on tumor histology is especially relevant in this regard: the distinct patterns of growth and cellular organization , chromosomal alterations , and tumor marker expression  associated with different histologic types of breast cancer suggest distinct etiologies. Consistent with these biological distinctions, some epidemiologic studies have reported that histologic subtypes of breast cancer differ in their associations with established breast cancer risk factors  .
The insulin like growth factor II receptor  is a transmembrane receptor that primarily binds IGF II, resulting in the degradation of IGF II by internalization and transport to the lysosomes. By removing IGF II from the extracellular environment and precluding its activation of the insulin like growth factor I receptor , IGF2R is believed to reduce the mitogenic effects of IGF II . Loss of heterozygosity at the IGF2R locus has been reported in breast carcinomas, and somatic missense mutations of the remaining allele have shown alteration in ligand binding .
A prior localized inflammatory response  or a period of unpredictable sound stress  produce long term changes in the duration and second messenger signaling pathway for inflammatory mediator induced mechanical hyperalgesia. This change involves a switch from Gs to Gi in the G protein that mediates inflammatory mediator induced mechanical hyperalgesia . While this type of switch in second messenger signaling pathways, from Gs to Gi, has previously been reported for β2 adrenergic receptor  signaling in cardiac myocytes, caused by chronic exposure to receptor agonists such as epinephrine , in cardiac muscle cells this involves an increased Gi mediated inhibition of adenylyl cyclase, which would be expected to attenuate rather than enhance mechanical hyperalgesia .
Perhaps the largest public health initiative in the western world has focused on improvement of diet, particularly in those with a high risk of cardiovascular disease. Trials have shown that diets rich in fruits and vegetables reduce blood pressure ; and adverse cardiovascular events . This nitrite is swallowed and in the acidic environment of the stomach is reduced to nitric oxide  or re enters the circulation as nitrite.
Peer and parental influences have long been noted as key socialization forces affecting adolescent development. Adolescence is a critical time period during which youth form friendships, and simultaneously engage in substance use behaviors such as cigarette smoking within their peer networks. It is also a time during which the initiation and subsequent fueling of long term smoking trajectories occur , as most adult smokers begin in adolescence .
The process of T cell activation in secondary lymphoid organs  is accompanied by the up regulation of several different adhesion proteins and chemokine receptors associated with recruitment to sites of inflammation in peripheral tissues . The α4β7 integrin and CCR9 are associated with specific homing of CD4  and CD8  T cells to the gut, and the ligands for P selectin and E selectin  have been associated with CD4  and CD8  T cell homing to the skin. Initial studies analyzing CD4 T cells demonstrated that T cells activated in mucosal and skin sites differentially express α4β7 and PSL .
One in every 50 children undergoes a surgical procedure in their first year of life. A large body of evidence, predominantly from laboratory studies of healthy animals and to a lesser extent from children that had surgical procedures under general anesthesia at an early postnatal age, suggests that general anesthesia administered during the early postnatal period may have negative long term consequences for brain development . The mechanisms that mediate these developmental changes and the full spectrum of pathophysiological alterations induced by neonatal anesthesia, currently predominantly linked to the brain, are poorly understood .
Traumatic brain injury  is a leading cause of death and disability for over 1.5 million Americans annually . These shortcomings emphasize the need for novel approaches to limit post traumatic edema . Aquaporins  are a family of water channels that permit selective, bidirectional water movement in response to the osmotic gradient .
Tissue engineering approaches to skeletal muscle regeneration using both in vitro and in vivo means have been met with limited success, largely due to an inability to provide adequate vascularization. We have previously identified a method by which prevascular tissues are formed from scaffold free self assembly of human endothelial and fibroblast cells,. During 3 days of in vitro culture, cells self organized capillary scale networks of endothelial cells and synthesized an extracellular matrix containing at least laminin, fibronectin, and collagen type I to form prevascular tissue constructs.
Previous research has demonstrated that a relationship exists between external bone size and tissue level mechanical properties . Further, variation in tissue modulus among individuals was shown to arise through modulation of both mineralization and porosity . Specifically, slender tibiae  had a lower porosity and higher ash content than more robust tibiae .
Despite advances in modern chemotherapy, CLL remains incurable. Various clinical observations suggest that CLL cells are susceptible to T cell cytotoxicity. These include ‘spontaneous’ remission of the disease during increased immunity , responses to α interferons  and the graft versus leukemia effect following allogeneic stem cell transplant .
The hepatitis C virus  infects 3% of the world population and is mainly responsible for liver transplantation in patients with cirrhosis in developed countries . Furthermore, HCV is the most common chronic blood borne pathogen in the United States  affecting 1.8% of the population and is the major etiologic factor responsible for the recent doubling of hepatocellular carcinoma   . HCV infection is currently treated by the combination of pegylated interferon α , ribavirin, and the recently approved NS3/4A protease inhibitors which have led to an increased sustained virological response  compared with PEG IFN and ribavirin alone, but also increased adverse events including anemia and gastrointestinal symptoms .
Human embryonic stem cells  are derived from the inner cell mass of the blastocyst stage of development, characterized by a unique capacity for indefinite self renewal, while maintaining an ability to differentiate into specialized cells . The safety of hESCs and their derivatives is an important concern in regenerative medicine. The apparent parallels between stem cell self renewal and cancer cell proliferation have led to speculation that a common network of genes may regulate these traits, and that tight control of these genes during the lineage specification process of pluripotent stem cells into quiescent cellular lineages is critical for avoiding tumor formation .
Oxford Houses are democratically run recovery home systems that serve over 10,000 individuals in the United States . The democratic, self run property of Oxford Houses differentiates them from many recovery models; instead of employing staff to manage day to day house operations, house members elect house officials to take on these responsibilities. There are no limits on how long a resident can stay in a house.
The production of new neurons in the adult mammalian brain is predominantly restricted to two areas, the subventricular zone  and the hippocampal subgranular zone  . Whether neurogenesis continues in the normal adult cerebral cortex, either from SVZ neural stem cells  , or from intrinsic neural progenitors within cortex  remains controversial , though formation of new cortical interneurons from subventricular zone or intrinsic cortical progenitors following cerebral injury has been well documented . In the present study, we provide genetic fate mapping evidence for the de novo formation of glutamatergic pyramidal neurons from oligodendroglial progenitor cells  within the normal adult murine piriform cortex .
Acute pancreatitis  was once considered an uncommon disease of childhood. This concept changed with publication of single center experiences in the United States, Mexico and Australia describing increased rates of pancreatitis in children within the last few decades . Most children with pancreatitis have a single, mild, acute episode that resolves without complications.
Huntington’s disease  is a progressive neurodegenerative disease caused by an expansion of a CAG repeat in the Huntingtin  gene . Although the disease is monogenic and the etiology is known, there is no current treatment . Since then, it has been shown that short hairpin RNA  delivered by viral vectors leads to a decrease in Htt protein and associated pathology ; however, shRNAs can be toxic when integrated into the genome .
Overweight and obesity are common, affecting more than 1.1 billion individuals worldwide. In several industrialised countries, approximately two thirds of the adult population is classified as overweight or obese on the basis of having a body mass index  in excess of 25 kg/m2. In addition to reducing life expectancy, excess weight is an independent risk factor for a wide spectrum of chronic disorders, in particular, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease  and some site specific cancers.
A fundamental question in developmental biology is the degree to which embryogenesis is stereotyped versus stochastic. In vertebrates and many other species, however, embryonic development generates predictable patterns but is not invariant from embryo to embryo. Fate mapping with single cell resolution is not straightforward in vertebrate embryos and other embryos with large cell numbers, so it is possible that their cell lineages and movements may be more stereotyped than currently believed, or that hidden patterns may emerge from finer scale analysis.
Recent decades have seen substantial increases in the prevalence and severity of asthma, a complex inflammatory disorder of the airways. Although the unifying pathophysiological feature of asthma is airway hyperresponsiveness  leading to dynamic airflow obstruction, the clinical expression of disease is heterogeneous. For instance, a large percentage of asthmatics are atopic, with elevated serum immunoglobulin E ; others have no evidence of atopy.
The spliceosome is a highly dynamic RNA protein machine requiring the ordered binding and release of 5 small nuclear ribonucleoprotein particles  to the intron containing pre mRNA. In this complex, U4 snRNA is extensively base paired to U6 snRNA. Despite the presence of all 5 essential snRNAs, this form of the spliceosome is catalytically inactive; the two sequential trans esterification reactions require the unwinding of U4 from U6 and the coordinated release of U1 snRNP.
The normal, alert conscious state is critical for functioning in the real world. However, the mechanisms of impaired consciousness in temporal lobe seizures are not well understood. Impaired consciousness occurs in disorders that either directly reduce function of the cerebral cortex, or indirectly affect the cortex through disruption of subcortical activating systems.
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  comprise a diverse family of ligand gated ion channels  that are expressed throughout the vertebrate central and peripheral nervous systems. Twelve neuronal nAChR subunits have been identified . Subunit composition determines the localization and the physiological and pharmacological properties of each receptor subtype.
Aging and atherosclerosis are accompanied by geometric, material, and consequentially, deformational changes in arteries. For example, age is correlated with a decrease in elastin content in the abdominal aorta concomitant with increased diameter, and increased stiffness as evidenced by decreased diametric pulsatility and increased pulse propagation speed . While these effects have been well documented in relation to the radial/circumferential structure of arteries, they are not well understood in relation to the longitudinal direction .
Elevated triglyceride , low high density lipoprotein cholesterol , and elevated small, dense low density lipoprotein particles  have been established as important risk factors for cardiovascular diseases  . Several studies have revealed ethnic difference in the variation in lipid/lipoprotein traits . Compared to other ethnic groups, despite a higher prevalence of hyperglycemia, hypertension, and obesity, the prevalence of hypertriglyceridemia and low HDL c is lower in blacks .
Netrin 1 is a secreted molecule that is largely known to play a defined role in guiding vertebrate commissural axons in neuronal development . Recent studies have further demonstrated a critical role of netrin 1 in endothelial cell proliferation, migration and angiogenic signaling , in addition to morphogenesis of epithelial cells . These include deleted in colorectal cancer , UNC5A, B, C, D, neogenin, α6β4 and α3β1 integrins .
Developing new cancer drugs is an endeavor with a high probability of failure and extraordinary costs. This approach, called drug repurposing, builds on the available clinical safety and pharmacologic data to reduce both the cost and the time expended introducing a new drug. A candidate for this drug development paradigm may be metformin.
It is increasingly appreciated that among cigarette smokers, those with schizophrenia have elevated rates of smoking  compared to the general population  . There is evidence that nicotine, the reinforcing agent in tobacco smoke, may ameliorate cognitive and information processing deficits associated with schizophrenia , which may explain these high co morbid rates tobacco smoking in this disorder. Many cognitive deficits are present in patients with schizophrenia, including deficits in attention , executive function  verbal memory  and spatial working memory .
Hair cells  and supporting cells  in the sensory epithelium of the inner ear arise from a common progenitor . The Notch pathway determines initial specification and subsequent cell fate of sensory progenitors . Embryonic Notch signaling directs the formation of the intricate SC and HC mosaic of inner ear epithelia.
Atherosclerosis, a major cause of stroke and myocardial infarction, is an inflammatory process. These macrophages secrete pro inflammatory cytokines and ingest oxidized low density lipoprotein . Inflammatory cascades involving activated macrophages, T cells, and mast cells may also weaken plaque fibrous caps and promote plaque rupture, thrombosis, and ischemia.
Excessive alcohol drinking is a leading cause of chronic liver disease worldwide, which results in a spectrum of liver disorders, ranging from simple fatty liver to more severe forms of liver injury such as alcoholic hepatitis, cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma. , Fatty liver is the earliest response to alcohol drinking and occurs in almost everyone who drinks heavily, while more severe forms of alcoholic liver injury typically develop in up to 35% of heavy drinkers. , More severe forms of alcoholic liver disease such as alcoholic hepatitis require treatment.
Distraction osteogenesis  is a technique for skeletal expansion that uses the body’s natural healing capacity to form bone in response to mechanical tension across an osteotomy. The standard clinical DO protocol, for both the axial and craniofacial skeletons, consists of a distraction rate of 1 mm/day achieved by manually turning an activation screw 1 to 4 times daily. Attempts at increasing the rate of intermittent distraction beyond 1mm/day have generally resulted in insufficient bone formation and/or non union.
Despite recent progress in our understanding of iron absorption, iron deficiency remains the most prevalent micronutrient deficiency worldwide. Whereas dietary calcium is known to reduce the bioavailability of iron , the molecular basis of this interaction is not understood. Divalent metal ion transporter 1   is the principal or only mechanism by which nonheme iron is taken up at the intestinal brush border , reviewed .
The migration of lung DCs to lymph nodes  is critical for orchestrating adaptive immune responses against inhaled antigens or microbes . Under homeostatic conditions, CCR7 dependent migration of lung DCs to draining LN is important for the induction of regulatory T cells, which help maintain peripheral tolerance to innocuous environmental antigens . During infection or other inflammatory insults, migratory DCs become licensed to induce cytotoxic T cells or effector T helper cell differentiation .
For large segments of the population, the internet has become a primary source of information on a broad range of health issues and a means of communication. This development provides a unique opportunity for epidemiologic research, in particular the conduct of prospective cohort studies. By avoiding the expense of physical encounters, postal fees, telephone recruiters, or other more expensive approaches, a study that recruits participants and communicates with them over the internet could theoretically be conducted much more efficiently with respect to the cost of the information required.
Rotavirus  is the most common cause of severe dehydrating diarrheal disease in young children worldwide, causing up to 100 million cases and > 600,000 deaths each year . RV infections are also common in adults, especially those who interact with children, but generally cause only mild symptoms . Its genome consists of 11 dsRNA segments that each code for different rotaviral proteins.
The pigmentation of amphibian eggs and cleavage stage embryos differs dramatically from species to species, but the species can be generally categorized as having pigmented or unpigmented eggs. The evolutionary transition from pigmented to unpigmented  has occurred a number of times independently. It has been suggested that this variation represents an adaptation for protection against UV radiation from the Sun, as species that lay their eggs in the open  tend to have darkly pigmented eggs, but eggs are largely unpigmented in species in which fertilized eggs develop in a concealed location .
The deposition of amyloid β  in the extracellular space of the brain is a pathological hallmark of Alzheimer's disease . AD pathogenesis is associated with alterations in Aβ homeostasis resulting in an accumulation of Aβ peptides within the brain paranchyma  . These cells are responsible for normal tissue maintenance and continually sample the extracellular environment.
Intracerebral hemorrhage  is a common and often fatal stroke subtype that burdens approximately 1 in 5000 people every year  for which there is no treatment. Even if the patient survives the ictus, the resulting hematoma within the brain parenchyma triggers a series of events termed secondary injury, leading to brain edema, progression of neurological deficits or death . In agreement with this scheme, intra cerebral injection of lysed erythrocytes or purified Hb produces massive brain edema within less than 24h .
Practice protocols that mandate prescreening for sexually transmitted infection prior to insertion of an intrauterine device for contraception can pose obstacles for women seeking this highly effective method of birth control. Some practices screen for presumed risk factors for sexually transmitted infection in order to identify those who may be infected or those in whom laboratory testing should be obtained. The value of such criterion based screening is unclear .
In 2007, about 33 million people globally were infected with HIV 1. The number of HIV infections worldwide has been stable since 2000; however, new cases continue to increase in resource limited nations. The estimated incidence of HIV in the United States in 2006 was 56,300 affecting primarily Blacks  followed by Whites , Hispanics , Asian/Pacific Islanders  and American Indian/Alaska Natives .
Mucosal surfaces serve as both entry and transmission routes for most pathogens. Although there are studies suggesting that systemic immunization can provide mucosal protection , others have suggested that mucosal immunization is required for effective T cell dependent mucosal immunity  . There are important distinctions between different mucosal tissues.
The concept of vascular or arterial age has been proposed in several previous studies. The idea is to adjust the age of a patient based on their level of atherosclerosis. Stein et al  have developed an algorithm for calculating vascular age based on carotid IMT.
The option of multichannel cochlear implantation for patients who have sensory hearing loss has been available for the last two decades. Although it is optimal to implant children in early childhood , it is not always possible to do so. One way to do this is to assess changes in the neurophysiological brain responses as a function of experience with sound, starting with the initial stimulation of the central auditory pathways via a CI .
The adaptive immune response to intracellular parasites or bacteria is in large part dependent upon the generation of primed CD4+ T cells in secondary lymphoid organs. The clonal proliferation that accompanies priming provides for a greater number of antigen specific cells that can differentiate into effector cells capable of homing to sites of infection. The number and function of Th1 cells can be limited by the activation of regulatory T cells  and other populations of IL 10 secreting cells, including Th1 cells, which may restrain immunopathology while preventing the complete elimination of the parasite .
Hematopoietic stem cells  constantly differentiate into all blood cell lineages via distinct differentiation programs. This causes reprogramming of early lymphoid and myeloid progenitors leading to enhanced development of myeloid lineage cells but curbed production of lymphoid lineage cells . using a novel “cellular barcoding” technique .
Although colon rectal cancer  is the third leading cause of cancer death in men and women in the United States , the cellular and molecular events associated with its pathogenesis are not known to a certainty. Despite extensive research, the pathological and molecular markers for prognosis of colon cancer are still lacking. SFN has been shown to possess anti inflammatory activity, resulting in down regulation of COX 2 expression , probably through inhibition of NFκB DNA binding and transactivation of NFκB dependent genes .
Reductions of 70% or more of new AIDS diagnoses and death have been reported in the highly active antiretroviral therapy  era . As a result, older HIV infected patients are one of the fastest growing demographics, with a quintupling of AIDS patients in the U.S. over 50 years of age between 1990 2000 . The HIV epidemic also has disproportionately affected minority populations, particularly African Americans.
Protein tyrosine O sulfation is a widespread post translational modification that was suggested to affect an average of 1% of all tyrosine residues in all proteins, secreted and membrane bound, in higher order eukaryotes . Tyrosylprotein sulfotransferases  are ~50 kDa glycoproteins found in the trans Golgi network that catalyze the transfer of sulfate from the universal sulfate donor 3' phosphoadenosine 5' phosphosulfate  to the hydroxyl group of tyrosine residues within highly acidic motifs in proteins or polypeptides . In vitro substrate specificity studies using synthetic peptides indicated several differences in substrate preferences of the individual isozymes .
Oxidative stress is associated with the aging process, is a risk factor for several neurodegenerative diseases, and is decreased by reduced energy intake. Oxidative damage to cells and tissues results from reactive oxygen species production. The sulfur containing side chains of methionine and cysteine are particularly susceptible to oxidation.
Glutamate is an endogenous excitatory neurotransmitter, and it is estimated that this neurotransmitter is used by as many as one third of the synapses in the central nervous system . At high concentrations, glutamate is neurotoxic, and glutamate induced neuronal death contributes to the development of neurodegenerative diseases . Two common pathways of glutamate neurotoxicity have been described.
Single channel recordings yield important information about ion channels. The analysis of single channel recordings is based either on time course fitting or event list analysis . Event list analysis requires implementation of idealization criterion  and subsequent transformation of recorded data into list of dwell times which are classified as open and closed events .
In 2007, ~ 218,890 men in the U.S. will be diagnosed with prostate cancer , and >27,000 deaths will be attributed to the disease . Although the causes of the variation of PC incidence are likely to be related to differences in screening methods, diet and health related behaviors, clinical practice patterns, and environmental risk factors, there is a large body of literature that also strongly implicates a genetic etiology . Mitochondria can generate reactive oxygen species and activate apoptosis.
Genistein is a phytoestrogen abundant in soy . Since US FDA approved the health claims of soy diet on reducing coronary disease in 1999 , soy consumption in US has been steadily increasing  . Since genistein is a weak estrogen , its potential endocrine disruptive effects have also been identified in many studies and recognized in the NTP CERHR Expert Panel Report .
Alcohol use disorders  occur commonly in the general population, with recent estimates of their current  prevalence of 8.46% . In addition to their high prevalence, AUDs are associated with a variety of adverse medical, psychiatric, family, legal, and work related problems , with an estimated annual cost in the United States of nearly $185 billion . Not uncommonly, individuals with an alcohol use disorder are identified as needing treatment by virtue of having co occurring medical or psychiatric problems .
Prostate cancer  is the most frequently diagnosed non cutaneous male malignancy and the third leading cause of cancer related death in men in most western industrialized countries . Despite an initial efficacy of androgen deprivation therapy, most patients with PCa progress within 2 years from androgen dependent status to hormone refractory PCa, for which there is no curative therapy. Androgen receptor  signaling plays a key role in the development of hormone refractory PCa.
Nitroxyl  donors are used clinically as deterrents for alcohol use  and also exhibit anti cancer properties , protect tissue against reperfusion injury , and show promise for the treatment of heart failure . The pharmacology of HNO is generally associated with modification of thiols and heme proteins . Although the pharmacology of HNO has been investigated in considerable detail over the last decade, whether HNO functions as an endogenous signaling agent is currently a matter of speculation .
Intracellular protein degradation is an important facet of proteome maintenance, and misregulation of proteolysis can lead to severe cellular defects. Thus, mechanisms must exist to limit the destructive potential of this enzyme. The importance of proper regulation of ClpP activity is highlighted by the action of acyldepsipeptide antibiotics, which kill bacteria by binding to ClpP, preventing association with ClpX or ClpA, and endowing ClpP with the ability to degrade unfolded polypeptides, including nascent chains.
The vertebrate body axis undergoes segmentation and specialization into distinct regions during embryogenesis. Post embryonically, vertebrate axial segmentation is most easily visualized as the resulting vertebral column . Specifically, vertebrate species known to add segments post embryonically do so via terminal addition to the tailbud.
Success rates for long term weight loss maintenance through traditional lifestyle strategies are poor, with high recidivism rates being the norm. Daily physical activity has been consistently shown to be a critical factor in maintaining long term weight loss. The preponderance of physical activity research has focused on frequency, intensity, and duration of physical activity needed to facilitate weight loss and prevent weight regain, but research identifying individual level barriers to achieving these recommendations is still very much inchoate .
The complex relationship between inflammation and cancer has been well described since the late 1800’s . The principal purpose of an acute inflammatory response is to create a protective tissue microenvironment that allows for recognition and attempted repair of cell damage, as well as the elimination of pathogens and permanently damaged cells. Persistent inflammation, however, may promote tumor formation  .
Bipolar Disorder is characterized by recurrent episodes of depression and/or mania along with interepisodic mood symptoms that interfere with psychosocial functioning. Despite periods of symptomatic recovery, individuals with bipolar disorder often continue to experience impairments in psychosocial functioning, particularly occupational functioning. Two determinants of psychosocial functioning of euthymic  individuals with bipolar disorder are residual depressive symptoms and cognitive impairment  .
Cardiac mortality of end stage renal disease patients is several fold increased in comparison to the general population . However, the precise nature of the inflammatory and/or oxidative pathways involved remains unclear. As renal failure progresses, compounds accumulate in blood and tissues due to a decline in renal function.
In mammalian cells, both the nucleus and mitochondria serve as repositories for genetic information . As a consequence, alterations in mtDNA integrity have been associated with various human pathologies, such as mitochondrial diseases , diabetes , cancer  and neurodegenerative disorders  . While significant progress has been achieved in understanding the mechanisms involved in the maintenance of nuclear genome integrity, our understanding of corresponding mitochondrial mechanisms remains incomplete.
Delirium is an acute confusional state marked by inattention and global cognitive dysfunction. The strong correlation between delirium and hospital related falls has led to calls for delirium prevention quality metrics to improve hospital care and prevent falls in older persons . Importantly, at least 3040% of delirium cases are preventable .
Immune related pathology can result in a number of bone marrow failure diseases including systemic lupus erythematosis , rheumatoid arthritis or Felty’s syndrome, and Large Granular Lymphocyte  leukemia. The number of circulating LGL cells in the peripheral blood is often elevated, and consistent with an autoimmune origin, many patients have serological abnormalities that are similar to other autoimmune disorders, . Some T LGL leukemia patients have been reported to have concomitant B cell malignancies including chronic lymphocytic leukemia , follicular lymphoma , mantle cell lymphoma , diffuse large B cell lymphoma , and monoclonal gammopathy of unknown significance , although the prevalence of anemia and thrombocytopenia in LGL leukemia patients is similar with and without B cell deregulation .
The antigen specific T cell repertoire is shaped by binding of the TCR hypervariable region to a diverse array of short processed peptides bound to MHC molecules. To ensure an adequate immune response to a vast number of potential antigens, the total theoretical T cell repertoire is extremely diverse and estimated at 2.5 × 107 T cells in an individual at any given time . Public T cells are characterized by the expression of identical TCR Vα and/or Vβ genes that are present in the majority of subjects and dominate the response to a specific epitope.
Human natural killer  cells are part of the innate immune system and recognize microbe infected cells and tumor cells through a combination of activating and inhibitory receptors that do not require somatic gene rearrangement, such as the killer cell immunoglobulin like receptor  family . γδ T cells bear more innate like attributes and appear earlier in the thymus than αβ T cells . TCR is never found in NK cells, but a subset of terminallydifferentiated effector memory T cells expresses KIR  .
Transcranial electrical stimulation using weak direct currents   transcranial direct current stimulation    is a powerful method of brain modulation that has been increasingly tested as a tool to modulate plasticity in neuropsychiatric diseases . Relatively simple to apply, tDCS involves application of direct current through at least one electrode positioned on the scalp. In fact, some of the neurological sequelae are presumably consequences of disrupted cortical activity following the traumatic event, and tDCS in this circumstance can be a useful tool to reactivate and restore activity in essential neural networks associated with cognitive and motor processing.
Powassan virus  is the sole North American member of the tick borne encephalitis  complex which is otherwise geographically distributed across temperate Eurasia . Many of these viruses, including POWV, have been identified as the causative agents of severe central nervous system infections in humans . Lineage I, the “prototype” lineage, is maintained in an enzootic transmission cycle between Ixodes cookei and Ix.
Atherosclerosis is a focal inflammatory disease of the vasculature, marked by chronic activation of the endothelium. Atherogenic shear stress patterns activate the inflammatory transcription factor NF κB, whose downstream targets include multiple cytokines  and adhesion molecules , which together mediate recruitment of leukocytes necessary for lesion formation . NF κB activation is mediated by a shear stress mechanosensor, platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule  1, .
Uncontrolled proliferation and migration of vascular smooth muscle cells  coupled with increased deposition of extracellular matrix  are major causes of intimal thickening during the development of vascular occlusive disease . Substrate stiffness influences adhesion, proliferation and differentiation in a variety of cell types . Cells sense the mechanical properties of their substrate through integrins .
Antiretroviral pre exposure prophylaxis , as daily oral tenofovir disoproxil fumarate and co formulated emtricitabine/tenofovir disoproxil fumarate, has been demonstrated to be efficacious for the prevention of HIV acquisition in diverse populations. PrEP could be an important component of safer conception strategies for women at risk for HIV infection, including those in HIV serodiscordant couples , particularly if the infected partner is not eligible for, willing, or able to take antiretroviral treatment., Efforts to implement PrEP as a public health strategy for HIV prevention in heterosexual populations will be accompanied by PrEP exposure during conception and pregnancy, either inadvertently for women with unrecognized early pregnancy or intentionally as part of reducing HIV risk during conception, and thus understanding the safety of PrEP in the periconception period is a priority . Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate and emtricitabine are pregnancy category B medications, with no evidence of teratogenicity in animal experiments and in observational studies of humans.
One of the key themes in biology is the characterisation of structure function relationships. It is generally accepted that anatomical connectivity provides important constraints on effective connectivity. Similarly, network analyses of anatomical connectivity  and functional interactions in the Macaque cortex  have revealed similar clustering in the cortical network and indicated that, both from an anatomical and functional perspective, the Macaque cortex possesses small world properties.
γ Amino butyric , the major neurotransmitter of inhibitory synaptic neurotransmission, influences virtually every homeostatic function mediated by the medulla oblongata. While many biogenic amines and neuropeptides modulate the effects of GABA and vice versa, GABA’s interactions with serotonin  are particularly important and are the focus of this report. The 5 HT medullary regions are involved in the modulation of breathing, blood pressure, chemosensitivity and/or heart rate according to the level of arousal .
The current first line therapy for patients with glioblastoma multiforme  consists of maximal surgical resection followed by radiotherapy and Temozolomide chemotherapy. GBM is composed of heterogeneous types of tumor cells. Maternal embryonic leucine zipper kinase  is a member of the snf1/AMPK family of serine/threonine kinases .
Cancer care requires a great deal of information work on the part of the patient . Beyond the psychological stress of dealing with a life threatening illness, patients must manage a range of personal health information to play an active role in their health care . For example, patients often gather and integrate their medical records, web pages, notes, and articles to make treatment decisions.
The 2011 National Healthcare Disparities Report documents that racial and ethnic disparities remain pervasive . These initiatives are commonly referred to as pay for performance programs  . It is well recognized  that there are both advantages  and disadvantages  to P4P programs currently designed and implemented as reported by the American Academy of Family Physicians  .
Allergic rhinitis is estimated to affect 30 to 60 million people in western countries and is associated with decreased quality of life, disorder in sleep hygiene, and impairment in work performance. Nasal biopsy is a considerably more invasive procedure and requires technical expertise in tissue sampling and processing. Furthermore, this approach is limited by sampling error, cytology cost, and bleeding risk.
The noradrenaline  lies at the confluence of massive cortical and subcortical inputs . Individual NA medium spiny neurons  receive convergent glutamatergic inputs from the prefrontal cortex , hippocampus, and amygdala , as well as GABAergic and modulatory inputs from multiple sources . Subthreshold membrane fluctuations are essential for integrating information carried by such inputs, as MSN have highly negative resting membrane potentials  and must be driven to depolarized potentials  in order for action potentials to be generated .
Brain injuries are suspected causes of acquired temporal lobe epilepsy . Convulsive status epilepticus  induced brain damage in rats is the most commonly used method to investigate epileptogenic mechanisms experimentally, primarily because prolonged SE induced by chemoconvulsants , or electrical stimulation  produces a permanent epileptic state. The idea that rats are reliably “pre epileptic” for several weeks post SE is crucial for hypotheses that invoke delayed secondary processes as likely epileptogenic mechanisms , and is also important because a “therapeutic window” must be open long enough after injury to permit practical anti epileptogenic intervention  .
Juvenile hormones  play a key role in insect development . The posteclosion  development of midgut, fat body and ovaries, three critical tissues that are involved in blood meal digestion and reproduction, are JH dependent processes . For pharate adult mosquitoes the exact timing of CA activation is critical and it has to be developmentally coordinated with eclosion.
During mitosis, sister chromatids must segregate properly to maintain the genetic integrity of the two daughter cells. The mitotic spindle, a microtubule based network originating from opposite poles, captures, aligns, and separates the replicated chromosomes. The spindle assembly checkpoint ensures that chromosomes do not segregate until they are properly attached.
Infantile spasms syndrome  is a devastating form of childhood epilepsy characterized by involuntary, massive motor spasms during early infancy that herald a lifelong disorder of severe seizures and intellectual disability. Mutations in a growing list of genes critical for the establishment of proper neural networks during development have been associated with its many inherited forms . Although short term spasm reduction can be achieved, high relapse rates, cognitive impairment, and long lasting side effects highlight the need for more effective therapy  .
ZIP4 is a zinc transporter that plays an important role in maintaining the cellular zinc level  . Our recent study has indicated that ZIP4 is overexpressed in human pancreatic cancer, and aberrant expression of ZIP4 contributes to pancreatic cancer pathogenesis and progression . ZIP6 , a breast cancer associated protein, has been indicated to play a critical role in estrogen positive breast cancer and metastasis to lymph nodes .
In a recent paper  we reported that dermal fibroblasts obtained from human skin during surgery for soft tissue sarcoma at 2 9 weeks after the end of a course of fractionated radiotherapy  demonstrated substantial levels of DNA damage when examined at their first division in culture after removal from the patient. Estimates of the dose received by the skin samples demonstrated that the levels of micronuclei observed were dependent on dose. Latent damage in human skin after irradiation is consistent with results of studies of wound healing after irradiation  and with reduction of the tolerance to late radiation damage after a second course of radiation treatment to previously irradiated skin .
Craniosynostosis is defined as the premature fusion of one or more cranial sutures and has an overall prevalence of 35 per 10,000 individuals . Approximately 515% of craniosynostosis cases involve multiple cranial sutures, referred to as complex craniosynostosis. Craniosynostosis can be further described as syndromic, in which other features are present in the patient, or non syndromic.
Squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck  is one of the six most common cancers in the world . Its traditional risk factors, including tobacco and alcohol consumption, have recently declined . However, there is an increase in the incidence of HNSCC associated with human papilloma virus  infection, which continues to rise worldwide .
Dopamine is thought to influence impulsivity , a category of behaviors encompassing deficits in the ability to delay immediate gratification for future larger rewards, and in response inhibition. Novelty seeking, which includes a dimension of impulsiveness , and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder , which features impulsivity as a symptom , are associated with variants of genes encoding synaptic proteins that modulate dopaminergic activity . Furthermore, administration of dopaminergic agonists reduces impulsive responding by ADHD and control subjects , and rats  .
Transcriptional regulation is a key mechanism controlling the formation and subsequent behaviour of hematopoietic stem cells  . These computational screens were performed using the Ets/Ets/Gata  signature  using the Scl +19 HSC enhancer as a template . Given these constraints, the predicted E/E/G elements have all been clustered within a single hematopoietic enhancer.
Congestive heart failure  is a major cause of morbidity and mortality and represents the leading discharge diagnosis among older individuals in the United States , . Epidemiological data suggest that nearly 50% of HF patients exhibit a left ventricular ejection fraction in the normal range   . A primary manifestation of all forms of HF is exercise intolerance and a reduced functional capacity , .
Although some cognitive functions, such as episodic memory and visuo spatial skills, decline in older age , language abilities remain relatively stable among older adults . Verbal knowledge  and vocabulary , in particular, have been found resistant to the effects of cognitive aging. Word production is a high speed, fairly automatic and errorless process.
Acute allograft rejection is a T cell dependent phenomenon. However, we and others have shown that other pathways of allograft rejection must exist inasmuch as kinetics of rejection are unaltered in mice genetically deficient in STAT4 that have defective Th1 differentiation  . The role of Th17 cells in acute allograft rejection has been less widely studied.
Chronic exposure to nicotine, the addictive chemical in tobacco smoke, produces neuroadaptive changes that promote continued smoking . Even with the most effective pharmacotherapies, only one in four smokers is able to quit . Evidence for the heritability of nicotine dependence and smoking cessation  has led to intensive efforts to identify susceptibility genes for these complex traits .
Social cognition is broadly defined as the cognitive processes and individual factors  involved in social interactions . Elements of social cognition include emotional regulation and decision making, and brain regions associated with these processes include frontolimbic circuitries . observed dampened amygdala and hippocampal activation in alcoholics viewing positive and negative emotional facial expressions during fMRI.
Medullary carcinoma of the colon  is a distinct subtype of colonic adenocarcinoma with a unique histologic appearance and a more favorable prognosis in comparison to poorly differentiated colonic adenocarcinomas . Previous studies have shown that MC as opposed to PDC of the colon are more often right sided, seen in older female patients, and have a lower incidence of lymph node metastases . Molecular studies have revealed that the majority of MCs exhibit microsatellite instability and show an absence of hMLH1 protein by immunohistochemistry .
Activation of protein kinase A , which traditionally occurs with β adrenergic receptor  stimulation, is known to enhance cardiomyocyte contraction . These effects occur primarily through the phosphorylation of phospholamban  by PKA at Serine16 , and can be reversed by phosphatases, namely protein phosphatase 1  and 2a  . Consequently, the phosphatase vs. kinase equilibrium plays a critical role in regulating cardiomyocyte contractility .
Fifty years have passed since the first description of sickle cell disease  in Saudi Arabia . When the HbS mutation was associated with the Arab Indian  HBB  haplotype, HbS homozygotes or compound heterozygotes for HbS and β0 thalassaemia were reported to have a milder phenotype than patients with a HbS mutation of African origin . This was attributed to their high fetal haemoglobin  level.
Life for the vertebrate requires sustained and rhythmic beating of the heart for delivery of oxygen and nutrients to the brain and other organs. Central to this membrane regulation is the cardiac cytoskeleton. Over the past two decades, the cardiac cytoskeleton has emerged as a central governing factor in the control of cardiac membrane integrity, and dysfunction in cytoskeleton and cytoskeletal associated proteins has been directly linked with a host of human cardiac pathologies, most notably cardiac myopathies and dystrophies.
Developmentally present steroids are recognized as essential components of mammalian sexual differentiation . Testosterone  has three metabolic pathways. It can bind and act via androgen receptors , be aromatized to estradiol , which acts via estrogen receptors , or be irreversibly reduced to the non aromatizable dihydrotestosterone , which also acts via AR.
Emerging lines of evidence suggest that cancer cells may have mitochondrial dysfunction and adapt aerobic glycolysis to generate ATP. The involvement of reactive oxygen species  signaling in tumor metastasis has also been recognized . Oxidative stress is a state of redox imbalance caused by increased ROS generation, decreased antioxidant capacity, or both.
A major goal in the search for therapies for spinal cord injuries  is to develop tools for promoting both the regeneration of damaged axons and the restoration of synaptic contacts with their appropriate targets. Neurons in the CNS normally do not regenerate following damage, in part due to the presence of factors that retard axonal growth in the mature brain. Axons may also be confronted by a proteoglycan rich glial scar at the lesion site, which forms a physical and molecular barrier to regrowth  .
Uterine fibroid tumors  are the most common gynecological neoplasms clinically affecting up to 30% of all women during reproductive age. The primary characteristics of uterine fibroids are the increased proliferation of myometrial cell, production of the abundant extracellular matrix , and the downregulation of ECM degrading enzymes. Recent progress in cDNA microarray analysis revealed a distinct similarity of leiomyoma with other fibrotic processes.
Lymphoid malignancies are a heterogeneous group of neoplasms originating from B  and T lymphocytes . Although the etiology of lymphoid malignancies remains largely unexplained, immune deficiency is the strongest known risk factor, with HIV infection conferring a more than 20 fold increased risk of non Hodgkin lymphoma  . Other factors affecting the immune system have also been postulated to increase the risk of developing lymphoid malignancies, particularly NHL  .
TLX1  is an evolutionarily conserved member of the non clustered NKL subclass of homeobox genes that orchestrates spleen organogenesis and specification of neuronal cell fates . Although TLX1 is not expressed during normal hematopoietic development, it is frequently activated in T cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia  by chromosomal translocations which place the TLX1 coding region downstream of T cell receptor  gene regulatory elements . In support of this notion, enforced expression of TLX1 in bone marrow derived stem/progenitor cells induced T cell tumors in transplanted mice, albeit at long latency  .
Schizophrenia is a psychiatric disorder with a prevalence of 0.51.0%. Although its heritability has been estimated to be in the order of 80%, unambiguous identification of susceptibility genes has proven to be extremely challenging. This paper is devoted to dysbindin, the product of the DTNBP1 gene.
The endoplasmic reticulum  is essential for secretory and membrane protein folding and assembly. Inositol Requiring Enzyme 1  is a key UPR regulator . IRE1 encodes an ER resident transmembrane protein with an ER luminal domain coupled to cytosolic kinase and endoribonuclease  domains .
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons  comprise a class of chemicals composed of two or more fused aromatic rings. Since PAHs are produced by the incomplete combustion of organic matter, including petroleum, coal, and other carbonaceous materials , they are ubiquitous contaminants of the human environment. Humans are exposed to PAHs via inhalation, ingestion, and dermal contact.
Human visual object recognition is impressive in several ways: it is fast, seemingly automatic, robust under degraded viewing conditions, and capable of recognizing novel instances of a very large number of common categories . For example, in their everyday lives, people routinely recognize the dog whose nose is sticking out from the blanket, the highly unique modernistic chair, and the cup on the table as a particular and favorite cup. Competing theories of object recognition  often pit different kinds of hypothesized processes and representations against each other.
One of the cardinal pathological changes in Alzheimer's disease  is the accumulation of amyloid beta peptide  in amyloid plaques and the walls of blood vessels . Human clinical trials of synthetic Aβ vaccination , however, were halted due to brain inflammation presumably induced by T cell mediated and/or Fc mediated immune responses  and/or toxicity of AN1792 . The latter was thought to be caused by relocation of parenchymal Aβ aggregates to the walls of cerebral blood vessels ; thus, the inflammatory responses and cerebral hemorrhages associated with Aβ immunotherapies can be detrimental to the AD patients’ health.
Highly active anti retroviral therapy  markedly decreases AIDS progression among HIV infected individuals . However mitochondrial toxicity resulting from the use of specific antiretrovirals used as part of HAART has been linked to several adverse effects including lipodystrophy, peripheral neuropathy, hepatic steatosis, myopathy, cardiomyopathy, pancreatitis, bone marrow suppression, and lactic acidosis . Nearly all of these adverse effects resemble clinical symptoms seen in inherited mitochondrial diseases , , suggesting that host mitochondrial genotype may play a role in their development.
The triggering receptors expressed on myeloid cells  contain a single V set immunoglobulin  domain, and are involved in cell activation within the innate immune system . A glycoprotein with significant homology to the TREMs, TREM like transcript 1 , has been exclusively found in the mouse and human megakaryocyte  lineages . Interestingly, a Src homology domain containing tyrosine phosphatase  is recruited to the ITIM  of TLT 1 after activation, although there is a lack of consensus on its identity for it has been identified as SHP 1 or SHP 2 according to the publication .
High levels of treatment adherence are critical for people with HIV to benefit from antiretroviral medications, and to remain free from opportunistic infections resulting from a compromised immune system . For example, research has found mean adherence rates of 67% of prescribed doses over 6 months . Thus, identifying reasons for treatment nonadherence among AfricanAmericans in particular is critical for determining ways to improve their long term health outcomes and ultimately to narrow disparities .
The mitogen activated protein kinase  pathway is one of the critical downstream effectors of Ras, a small GTPase that is vital in the modulation of numerous cellular functions. Ras has long been known to play an important role in cancer genetics. Recently, the Ras/MAPK pathway has been implicated in several developmental syndromes with cutaneous manifestations.
The striking increase of uterine blood flow in pregnancy is essential both for optimal growth and survival of the fetus and for cardiovascular well being of the mother. Previous studies demonstrated a critical role of BKCa channels in the adaptation of uterine circulation and increased uterine blood flow in pregnancy. The predominant β subunit in vascular smooth muscle cells is the β1 subunit  and other β subunits are either undetectable or negligible., BKca channels in vascular smooth muscle are primarily activated by elevation of intracellular Ca2+ concentrations, and the β1 subunit enhances Ca2+ sensitivity of BKCa channels., In addition, chronic hypoxia during gestation abrogated these changes.
Data mining algorithms, sometimes called machine learning or statistical learning algorithms, have been increasingly used in biomedical research in recent years. Data mining is broadly defined as the process of selecting, exploring, and modeling large amounts of data to discover unknown and useful patterns or relationships. Data mining algorithms arose from the fields of statistics and computer science, and are widely used in marketing, banking, engineering, and bioinformatics.
“Why do adolescents become dependent on alcohol and other drugs  and what might be done to redirect them back to sobriety?” The greatest increase in AOD use disorders is among our nation’s minors , the personal and social costs of which are substantial. First, teens are much less likely to participate in AOD treatment compared to adults, with some researchers estimating that only 10% of the 1.4 million adolescents with AOD problems are receiving treatment . This decrease in parental monitoring is due to the increase in single parent households, greater number of parental hours spent working outside the home, and higher divorce rates .
Delivery of foreign DNA into eukaryotic cells has become an important tool in molecular biology and in gene therapy studies. The disadvantages of biological methods include delivery of DNA molecules of only a limited length, biosafety concerns and complexity in preparing virus. Electroporation is a physical based method for DNA delivery, and thus possesses some advantages over other methods.
Practice guidelines recommend the use of ICDs in patients with heart failure  and a left ventricular ejection fraction  of ≤ 35% in the absence of contraindications . The GWTG program is a national, voluntary, observational, hospital based, and ongoing quality improvement initiative that began in the year 2000 under the auspices of the AHA. Begun in January/March 2005 and continued to the present, the HF module originating from the Organized Program to Initiate Life Saving Treatment in Hospitalized Patients with Heart Failure serves as the primary dataset for this analysis.
Human beings’ complex social environment has evolved hand in hand with two other distinct capacities: our ability to identify other people as individuals, and our ability to convey complex ideas to them via spoken language. Contemporary work on primate evolution has furthermore pointed at the potential phylogenetic significance and underpinning of functional lateralization of the human language faculty . found that right hemisphere lesions more frequently led to impairment in voice recognition than did left hemisphere lesions.
Neurogenesis in the dentate gyrus of the adult hippocampus is highly labile. Much of this lability is due to the exquisite sensitivity of the progenitor cells to glucocorticoids . BDNF has high levels of expression in the adult dentate gyrus .
The mouse genome encodes a large number of nonclassical MHC class I  molecules, including many with unknown functions . The MHC class Ib tissue distribution and expression levels vary considerably . Some class Ib proteins, including CD1d and MR1, are encoded outside of the MHC.
Following in the footsteps of exciting clinical data on the efficacy of the small drug inhibitor of Bruton tyrosine kinase   ibrutinib, in patients with mantle cell lymphoma   and chronic lymphocytic leukemia   ibrutinib is now undergoing phase 2 clinical testing for multiple myeloma   registered online at ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT01478581 and NCT01962792. The promise of BTK as new therapeutic target in MM was first suggested by 3 concurrent preclinical studies demonstrating that inhibition of BTK with 3 different small molecules  ibrutinib , LFM A13  and CC 292   effectively targets both myeloma cells, including cancer stem cell  like cells commonly referred to as MM stem cells , and non malignant bystander cells in the tumor microenvironment, such as osteoclasts  . BTK  is an X chromosome encoded member of the Tec protein tyrosine kinase family that has long been known to play a central role in B cell receptor  signaling .
The impact of neoadjuvant therapy on post pancreatectomy complications is inadequately described . Data from the NSQIP Pancreatectomy Demonstration Project  was used to identify patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma who did and did not receive neoadjuvant therapy. Neoadjuvant therapy was classified as chemotherapy alone or radiation ± chemotherapy.
Laboratory methods routinely used for diagnosis of HIV infection are based on detection of anti HIV antibodies, which typically appear 35 weeks after HIV infection . These methods do not identify individuals with acute  HIV infection. Furthermore, acute HIV infection is often associated with a high concentration of HIV in plasma and genital secretions , which in turn is associated with increased risk of transmission .
Incidental encounters with mediastinal masses have become more common with the growing use of computed tomography  in clinical practice as well as in screening of lung cancer. Anterior mediastinal masses account for 50% of all mediastinal masses . Anterior mediastinal masses can represent a wide spectrum of diseases, including thymoma, thymic carcinoma, thymic cyst, thymic hyperplasia, mature teratoma, malignant germ cell tumor, and malignant lymphoma .
Voltage gated potassium  channel pore forming α subunits form complexes with a range of ancillary  subunits, such as the single transmembrane domain proteins encoded by the KCNE gene family , leading to various channel subunit compositions with diverse functional characteristics . The KCNQ1 K+ channel α subunit is widely distributed in both excitable and non excitable cells of vertebrates, and is unique among the S4 gene superfamily in that it forms either voltage activated or constitutively active K+ selective channels depending on its specific KCNE family β subunit partner . KCNQ1 and KCNE gene disruption are linked to multiple pathologies, often with an unclear molecular etiology.
Relapse is a common feature of cocaine addiction even after long periods of abstinence . Although there is no effective treatment, the neural circuitry underlying relapse is rapidly coming into focus . Key components include prefrontal cortex , which processes the signals that trigger relapse , and nucleus accumbens , which has long been implicated in goal directed behavior, including drug seeking .
In 2009, more than seven million Americans were involved currently with thecriminal justice system  in some capacity, and nearly 70% of those involved with the CJS met criteriafor an alcohol or other substance use disorder . The positive relationshipbetween substance use and illegal behaviors suggests that decreasing the probability of relapse maydecrease the incidence of illegal behaviors and arrests. In 2004, Witkiewitz andMarlatt published anintegrated and updated model of relapse for persons with SUDs in the general population.
The hepatitis delta virus  ribozyme is a small, self cleaving RNA that participates in the double rolling cycle replication of the HDV virus. The HDV virus has an RNA genome and contains closely related genomic and antigenomic ribozymes that self cleave to process the genomic and antigenomic concatemers into linear monomers. The active site is found at the cleft where the stacking networks intersect.
In DSM 5, low prosocial emotions , designate youth at risk for early onset, persistent conduct problems , and adult psychopathy . Yet, little is currently known about how CU traits develop. Research suggests that similar levels of CU may arise from distinct developmental circumstances , and that the presence of co occurring internalizing problems  is a key marker.
During adult neurogenesis glial fibrillary acidic protein  expressing quiescent type I cells self renew, divide and give rise to transient amplifying type IIa cells which will differentiate into neuronal nuclei  expressing mature granular cell neurons . We previously developed and characterized a transgenic animal that labels type I and IIa progenitor cells with green fluorescent protein  under the control of the nestin promoter and its second intron enhancer . Excitatory amino acid transporter 2 , a glutamate transporter, was identified in this screen and found to be upregulated about ten fold in postnatal day 28  progenitors compared to those isolated at P7.
Spina bifida myelomeningocele  is a neural tube defect associated with a modal pattern of strengths and deficits in motor, cognitive, academic, and behavioral domains . The academic profile of children with SBM has been well documented; using a low achievement definition of learning disabilities  to identify learning disability, it has been estimated that up to one third of children with SBM have a disability in reading comprehension . Moreover, even when children with SBM do not meet stipulated criteria for the diagnosis of a reading comprehension disability per se, their reading comprehension skill is typically significantly lower than their word decoding skill, a pattern less often observed in typically developing  controls  .
Mammalian sterile 20 like kinase 1  is a serine/threonine kinase of the Hippo signaling pathway, with regulating apoptosis as one of its major functions . Prior studies in the heart concluded that Mst1 induces cardiac damage through activating myocyte apoptosis and that inhibiting Mst1 is cardioprotective by reducing myocyte apoptosis . The tacit assumption is that Mst1 regulates cardiomyocyte numbers, thereby affecting cardiac function, but this has rarely been measured.
Advances in high throughput sequencing technologies present the opportunity to infer aspects of biological mechanisms from vast amounts of sequence data—the cell's own language for encoding those mechanisms. Such inferences rely on the assumption that sequence patterns that have been conserved for a billion years or more reflect important structural or mechanistic similarities. Examining functionally divergent residues within available crystal structures thus can identify the molecular features responsible for important functional distinctions and, as a result, suggest specific mechanisms to test experimentally.
MicroRNAs  are endogenously processed non coding RNAs which regulate gene expression by blocking the translation or decreasing the stability of mRNAs . The pre miRNAs are then exported by exportin 5 to the cytoplasm, where Dicer further processes them into mature double stranded miRNAs with ~22 nt in length . To date, over 600 human miRNAs have been reported, and more than 1000 predicted miRNA genes remain to be experimentally confirmed .
Mitral valve repair has become the gold standard treatment for patients with mitral regurgitation and most commonly includes the implantation of an annuloplasty ring  which invariably changes the geometry, dynamics and force distribution of the mitral annulus . Such annular changes have been demonstrated to perturb the geometry of the mitral leaflets during valve closure , which has been associated with alterations in physiological stress patterns acting on the leaflets and suboptimal repair durability . The effects of annuloplasty rings on mitral leaflet dynamics are, however, less clear.
Mammalian TOR is a constitutively expressed, evolutionarily conserved protein kinase which plays a central role in the regulation of cell growth, proliferation, apoptosis, and metabolism . mTORC1 contains mTOR, raptor, mLST8  and PRAS40, and its function is acutely inhibited by rapamycin, a potent immunosuppressant with anti tumor effect . Mammalian TORC2 is resistant to acute rapamycin inhibition.
The Wellcome Trust Case Control Consortium  genome wide association  study, in addition to the detection of four new and confirmed type I diabetes  loci, provided some evidence for previously undetected  T1D loci with effect sizes in the range of odds ratios between 1.1 and 1.3. The evidence provided by such GWA studies for these previously undetected loci can be pooled together in meta analysis studies or used to design follow up studies. Both of these approaches provide the additional samples required to detect novel loci with robust statistical power.
Desmoplastic small round cell tumor  is a rare and aggressive sarcoma that typically affects adolescent and young adult Caucasian males . Although fewer than 200 cases have been described in the literature, identification of a characteristic chromosomal translocation  and fusion protein  has facilitated the definitive diagnosis of DSRCT. Multimodal therapy with surgery and aggressive combinations of chemotherapy and adjuvant radiation therapy  have provided the best results to date.
Differentiated phenotypes derived from pluripotent stem cells are potential cell sources for tissue engineering and therapeutic applications, but effective and robust methods for scale up production have yet to be identified. Initial studies indicate, however, that cells cultured on microcarriers may be more sensitive to shear stress  and therefore motivate a more thorough understanding of the biological impact of shear stress parameters . Shear stress effects are often difficult to interpret in scalable systems due to complex patterns of fluid flow.
The prevalence of asthma has increased since 2001 in the United States and is a major public health problem in many countries such as Colombia, which has a prevalence estimated at 1012%., Childhood asthma causes considerable morbidity, interference with normal daily activities, and a burden for the whole family. Moreover, compared with older children with this condition, young asthmatic children experience less favorable responses to asthma treatments, thus increasing the healthcare utilization and overall burden of the disease., These asthma symptom questionnaires typically assess patient reported elements of impairment. Some of them also include information about the history of exacerbations and pulmonary function parameters.
The most common cause of damage to the myocardium is ischemic injury resulting from occlusion of the coronary arteries. In addition, aging decreases myocardial tolerance to specific components of ischemic injury, including oxidative stress. Although several clinical factors contribute to the poor prognosis for elderly patients with ischemic heart disease,,  evidence from experimental animal studies and in humans,  suggest that this effect may be related to a decline in intrinsic myocardial resistance to injury.
Vascular response to mechanical injury comprises 2 main processes, neointimal hyperplasia and vessel remodeling. Proliferation in many cell types is driven by mitogen activated protein kinase  activation. The three major subfamilies of MAPKs, i.e. extracellular signal regulated kinase , c Jun N terminal Kinase  and p38MAPK are activated in response to stimuli such as cytokines and growth factors, and studies using both genetic models as well as pharmacological inhibitors of MAPKs showed significant inhibition of neointimal hyperplasia after injury, indicating that MAPKs promote neointima formation.
In our previous study on individuals with autism spectrum disorder   we reported abnormalities in the attention orienting frontal event related potentials  and the sustained attention centro parietal ERPs in a visual oddball experiment. At frontal regions of interest  the ASD group showed significantly higher amplitudes and prolonged latencies of early ERP components  to novel distracter stimuli in both hemispheres. rTMS offers a non invasive method for altering excitability of the brain.
Hepatic stellate cells  are the principle source of hepatic collagen, and therefore, play a critical role in the development and maintenance of hepatic fibrosis, a nefarious consequence of all chronic liver diseases regardless of etiopathogenesis, . In health, HSCs store retinoids and generate little if any collagen. Analogous to activation induced cell death of T lymphocytes, activated HSCs are eliminated by apoptosis.
The ERBB4 receptor tyrosine protein kinase gene is involved in the production of different isoforms of the ERBB4 protein through alternative splicing . ERBB4 binds trophic factors, such as neuregulin 1  or neuregulin 3. In the central nervous system, ERBB4 and its ligand NRG1 play a critical role in neurodevelopment such as glial and neuronal migration, myelination, excitatory neuronal receptor expression and the onset of puberty .
CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells  constitute 510% of peripheral CD4+ T cells in naïve mice . Tumors may differentiate, expand, recruit and activate Treg  via multiple mechanisms . When compared with naïve Treg, suppressor functions of tumor Treg have been reported to be ineffective, comparable or enhanced in various tumor models .
Results of the recent Treatment of Preserved Cardiac Function Heart Failure with an Aldosterone Antagonist  trial examining the clinical benefit of mineralocorticoid receptor  antagonism in patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction  were negative. However, interpretation of these results is hampered by broad inclusion criteria resulting in a heterogeneous patient population that could mask specific patient subgroups that may preferentially benefit from MR antagonism,. Thus, in conjunction with the renin angiotensin aldosterone system activation in obesity and MetS, MR antagonism holds promise for the treatment of obesity associated DD but this and potential underlying mechanisms have not been studied and remain unclear .
For more than 1/3 of individuals ages 1824 in the U.S., the transition into adulthood co occurs with transitions into, through, and out of college . During this developmental period these young adults must learn to navigate new freedoms and responsibilities , tasks which may be especially challenging for those coping with trauma and its effects. Trauma and resulting post traumatic stress  symptoms are unfortunately common in young adults attending college .
It has been known for some time that tumor cells can have impaired HLA class I antigen expression during the course of tumor progression . HLA class I antigen downregulation or loss often occurs in tumor cells when the primary tumor breaks the basal membrane, invades the surrounding tissues, and/or starts to metastasize to regional lymph nodes or distant organs . Tumor induced immune modulation of surrounding tissue including sentinel lymph nodes plays an important role in this invasive/metastatic process.
Immunodominance is a well established phenomenon whereby a few specific peptides are selected as representative epitopes of a given protein antigen to the immune system. Newly synthesized MHCII molecule associates with the class II invariant chain , which targets it to specialized endosomal compartments  where the Ii is proteolysed until only a fragment known as the class II associated invariant chain peptide  remains bound in the MHCII peptide binding groove. DM functions by inducing conformational changes in MHCII/peptide complexes resulting in the release of the bound peptide inducing a peptide receptive MHCII.
Acetaminophen  is a widely used analgesic and antipyretic drug. It is thought that the mitochondrial protein adducts are involved in the inhibition of mitochondrial respiration  leading to formation of reactive oxygen  and peroxynitrite in mitochondria . The resulting oxidative stress activates the c jun N terminal kinases 1/2  by multiple pathways .
Antigen receptor diversity due to VJ recombination is the hallmark of the adaptive immune system in jawed vertebrates. During T cell development, four antigen receptor genes, Tcra, Tcrb, Tcrg and Tcrd, undergo rearrangement to direct the expression of αβ or γδ TCRs . However, whereas almost all V gene segments rearrange to Jα segments and contribute to the Tcra repertoire, only a subset rearrange to Dδ segments and contribute to the Tcrd repertoire.
Preterm  birth  is a complex adverse outcome of pregnancy, accounting for approximately 70% of perinatal mortality, and is a major predictor of long term neurologic morbidity  . The incidence of PTB in the United States in 2005 was 12.7%. Intrauterine infection and or inflammation are strongly associated with preterm birth , .
The genomes of eukaryotic cells are constantly being subjected to exogenous and endogenous genotoxic stresses. These checkpoints sense damaged or abnormally structured DNA and coordinate cell cycle progression with DNA repair. In cases when damage is excessive or repair is unfavorable, the cell death machinery is activated in order to eliminate damaged cells  .
The hippocampal formation comprises a group of cortical regions including the dentate gyrus, hippocampus, subiculum, presubiculum, parasubiculum and the entorhinal cortex . Damage to these structures in adult humans and animals causes a profound loss of declarative memory function without other sensory, motor or cognitive impairments . The hippocampal formation comprises a unique set of unidirectional excitatory pathways .
Several studies have examined the longitudinal course of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder  in samples of male subjects . Although recent studies have begun to examine ADHD in females , few studies have examined its longitudinal course in these samples . Also, the influence of sex on the course of ADHD has yet to be specifically tested.
CD4+ T cell activation involves the formation of a highly organized interface between the T cell and the antigen presenting cell  known as the immunological synapse  . In addition, T cell polarization is highly dynamic as illustrated by the early detection of signalling TCR microclusters or signalosomes in the outer ring of the synapse  and their subsequent movement to the centre of the synapse where they are internalized and destined to degradation , thus ensuring signal down regulation  . To identify molecules that act as a functional bridge between TCR signalosomes and the cytoskeleton and cellular organelles, we performed a proteomic analysis of lipid raft microdomains from human T cells undergoing activation through their TCR.
In the United States, and more prominently in South Carolina, a large and widening disparity in breast cancer mortality rates has been reported between African American and European American women . The cause of this disparity has been attributed to factors ranging from differences in tumor biology, to environmental factors, to socioeconomic and cultural differences between the groups . Socioeconomic status and cultural beliefs could affect a woman's survival through certain time intervals across the breast cancer diagnosis continuum, resulting in delays in detection, diagnosis, and treatment.
While numerous molecular targets have been identified and several targeted molecular imaging agents have been reported for the detection of malignant tumors, only a handful of them showed limited clinical potential. Due to its distinct expression in premature stages of tumors such as PDAC, Cath E has been suggested as a potential clinical tumor marker for early detection.,, PET imaging is a sensitive way of imaging and monitoring treatment response of many cancers. However, the usefulness of FDG PET in some cancers is limited due to low glucose turnover at early stages., A number of studies have shown that FDG PET is useful in defining regions of locally advanced pancreatic cancer; though false positive is possible in cystic tumors., To obtain a decisive diagnosis of an early cancer stage, patients are currently required to be subjected to invasive biopsies and histological confirmation .
Mutations in the gene HPRT1, encoding the enzyme hypoxanthine guanine phosphoribosyltransferase , are known to cause a rare X linked metabolic disorder, Lesch Nyhan disease . Many different diseasecausing mutations have been reported . Spread through nearly the whole gene are missense mutations, nonsense mutations, splicing mutations, small and large coding and noncoding deletions or insertions, partial duplications, noncoding regulatory mutations, and more complex changes.
Current recommendations for measuring the cerebrospinal fluid opening pressure obtained during lumbar puncture include performance of lumbar puncture in the lateral recumbent position, followed by repeat measurement after extension of the legs and placement of the neck in the neutral position. ,, Extending the legs is thought to decrease intra abdominal pressure, thereby avoiding false elevations of the opening pressure. In our experience, many pediatric lumbar punctures are performed with the patient in the flexed lateral recumbent position without returning the patient to the extended position for measurement of opening pressure .
Increased spontaneous neural activity is a major consequence of intense sound exposure that has been observed at several levels of the mammalian auditory system, including the cochlear nucleus, inferior colliculus and auditory cortex . This alteration has been implicated as a possible factor contributing to the induction of tinnitus  and could play an important role in other auditory deficits. Such changes are potentially disruptive to normal signal detection and information processing in neurons further downstream from hyperactive cell populations.
When naïve T cells are stimulated by antigen, engagement of CD28 by its ligands CD80 or CD86  lowers the threshold for activation . T cell activation then induces expression of members of the tumour necrosis factor receptor  family including 4 1BB, which transmits activation and survival signals during subsequent effector and memory T cell stages  . During infection of 4 1BBL deficient mice, with influenza or LCMV, the CD8+ T cell response is impaired.
Neuronal firing patterns are shaped by the characteristics of the after hyperpolarization  following action potentials . The AHP is composed of fast and slow components, mediated by the large conductance voltage  and calcium activated potassium  channels, and the small conductance, slowly activating  potassium channels, respectively. The inner ear houses specialized epithelia containing hair cells, the sensory cells that transduce mechanical energy into the neural signals transmitted to the central nervous system.
Oxidative stress induced cell damage is implicated in many neurological disorders including stroke, spinal cord injury, and periventricular leukomalacia , the major underlying pathology for cerebral palsy and cognitive impairment associated with prematurity . Reactive oxygen/nitrogen species, oxidants and arachidonate metabolites are all elevated in the cerebral spinal fluid of PVL patients  and in PVL white matter lesions . Increased production of free arachidonic acid occurs during brain ischemia and inflammation as a result of activation of phospholipases .
Advances in the therapy of heart failure  have delayed disease progression and prolonged survival. Yet there is little understanding about the trajectory of patient preferences in heart failure . Many scales and questionnaires probe symptoms in HF, but these scores do not equate to the importance of survival to an individual.
Progressive hepatolenticular degeneration, also known as Wilson’s disease , is a genetic disorder characterized by excess copper accumulation in the liver and other vital organs., There are wide clinically presenting symptoms of WD including a variety of hepatic, neurological, ophthalmic and psychiatric symptoms., The current treatment of WD is based on the use of copper chelating agents to block the adsorption of this ion in the stomach and to promote its urinary excretion from the body. D penicillamine or  2 amino 3 methyl 3 sulfanyl butanoic acid , a metabolite of penicillin, has been used as an orally active drug for WD in the clinic for over five decades., Such a slow acting mechanism renders improvement of treatment efficacy by TTM for WD incremental. However, zinc acetate is only effective as a maintenance therapy for WD.
Microbes secrete a range of products that aid in adhesion to surfaces and to other cells , but even within a single species, microbes vary widely in their tendency to adhere . Adhesion is critical for the formation of surface attached microbial communities known as biofilms . When conditions are suitable, cells strengthen their attachment and divide to form a growing population on the surface .
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is the most frequently performed abdominal surgical procedure, and one of the most common operations in Europe and the United States . Surgical morbidity has been reported as 24%, however the incidence of major complications that require acute re intervention is much lower . A rare but serious complication of laparoscopic cholecystectomy is bile duct injury , with a reported incidence of 0.31.5% .
Id  proteins are helix loop helix  transcription factors that regulate cell proliferation and differentiation. Id proteins are mainly expressed during embryogenesis and are required for maintaining the timing of neuronal differentiation. However, expression of Id proteins is reactivated in many human cancers.
It has long been known that cigarette smoking and other forms of tobacco consumption are addicting, and that addiction is at least in part caused by nicotine . Nicotine, believed to be the substance primarily responsible for addiction to tobacco smoking, is a simple molecule that affects many parts of the brain through binding sites on nicotinic acetylcholine receptors . When acetylcholinergic neurons release acetylcholine, it binds to muscarinic and nicotinic acetylcholine receptors and generally stimulates the release of glutamate and GABA.
Long term persistence of mycobacteria in the face of an apparently robust immune response thwarts tuberculosis control, and may explain the inefficacy of the BCG vaccine. Tuberculosis begins with the phagocytosis of mycobacteria by macrophages and dendritic cells at the site of infection, and the migration of infected cells into deeper tissues where they aggregate with additional macrophages and other immune cells to form characteristic structures called granulomas. It has been hypothesized that superinfecting or re infecting bacteria are able to survive by evading established granulomas where pre existing immune elements are concentrated .
Since their characterization, cytosine phosphate guanine  oligodeoxynucleotides  have been studied as immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of different diseases, including various cancers. Members of the CpG A ODN family are potent natural killer  cell activators, and induce effective responses against NK sensitive tumors. This class, however, is highly susceptible to nuclease degradation.
Identification and isolation of adult stem cells are still challenging for stem cell biologists. The evidence through previous studies leaves little doubt that corneal epithelial stem cells reside in the limbus, and these cells exhibit the full complement of well defined keratinocyte stem cell properties . Limbal tissue biopsies and cultivated limbal epithelial cells have been successfully transplanted to patients with limbal deficiency to reconstruct the diseased and damaged corneas .
Prenatal stress has been associated with increased vulnerability to psychiatric disturbances such as schizophrenia, depression, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism . Excess circulating maternal stress hormones can alter the programming of fetal neurons and interfere with development of the nervous system . Similar changes in HPA axis activity and behaviour have been induced by prenatal stress in laboratory rodents and non human primates .
Obstetrical Brachial Plexus Palsy  is a common birth injury, occurring in approximately three in every 1000 births; ; ; . The persisting sequelae are wide ranging, severely restrict the arm function, limit activities of daily living independence , and reduce the quality of life for patients and their caregivers; . As such, even though humeral deformity is complex and likely three dimensional; surgical procedures, such as humeral derotation osteotomy; ; ;  and humeral head relocation, are being recommended based on limited two dimensional knowledge.
Friedreich ataxia  is an autosomal recessive neurodegenerative disorder caused by mutations in the FXN gene, reducing the levels of the mitochondrial protein frataxin . Deficiency of frataxin leads to increased intramitochondrial iron levels, deficiency of iron sulfur cluster containing enzymes, and enhanced sensitivity to oxidative stress . Patients usually present during adolescence with progressive limb and gait ataxia, dysarthria, and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy .
Gonads are essential parts of animal reproductive systems. Somatic gonads provide environment for proper maintenance and development of germline and support transport of gametes and subsequent fertilization. Parts of the somatic gonad, the myoepithelial sheath and the spermatheca, have highly differentiated contractile actin cytoskeletal structures .
Parkinson’s disease is a neurological disorder characterized by the progressive loss of dopaminergic neurons in specific brain areas and occurs most prevalently in older adults . Characteristic symptoms include tremor, rigidity, dyskinesias, and postural gait changes . A reduction in these intentional prosodic pitch changes can be measured by examining F0 variability, which has been shown to contribute to overall speech intelligibility in both healthy and dysarthric speakers  .
Inflammatory molecules play a pivotal role in tumorigenesis and cancer progression . LL 37 is the 37amino acid peptide derivative of human cationic antimicrobial protein 18 , originally identified as a product of various leukocytes . In recent years, expression of LL 37 has also been detected in other cell types such as epithelia, in which inflammatory stimuli can up regulate peptide expression .
The anterior olfactory nucleus  is a cortical structure located in the olfactory peduncle, caudal to the olfactory bulb and rostral to the piriform cortex, and receives a significant input from mitral and tufted cells in the olfactory bulb . It has significant reciprocal connections with both the bulb and the piriform cortex , and is thought to play an important role in relaying information between the left and right hemispheres  . The AON is comprised of subregions  that are named for their relative location in the AON: pars dorsalis, pars lateralis, pars ventralis , pars medialis, and pars externa .
Shock wave lithotripsy  is an effective means of removing uncomplicated stone burdens of 2 centimeters or less located in the upper urinary tract , and is the most preferred therapy by urologists  and patients  alike. Despite such wide acceptance, however, both human and animal studies have documented a consistent and predictable pattern of acute tissue injury and impaired renal hemodynamics after SWL . The tissue injury primarily occurs in the microvascular system of the renal medulla and spreads into the cortex toward the capsule where a subcapsular hematoma may form.
The aphelids are a phylogenetically divergent group of intracellular parasitoids of common species of eukaryotic phytoplankton. There are three known genera: Aphelidium, Amoeboaphelidium, and Pseudaphelidium, but the group is very diverse, including many related environmental sequences . The phyla Microsporidia and Cryptomycota , and the class Aphelidea have recently been shown to be the deepest branches of the ‘Holomycota’ lineage forming the so called ARM clade , which is sister to the classical fungi .
Microarrays using bacterial cells as sensors have found many uses in such areas as high throughput assays of gene expression,,  detection of toxins,  and determination of the bioavailability of chemicals in soil. The advances in genetic engineering of the past decades have enabled the tailoring of bacterial functionalities for microarray applications. Currently, one of the major challenges in the development of bacterial cell microarrays is the detachment of bacterial cells from the substrate causing sensor failure.
Cardiomyocytes undergo remodeling in response to pathological stimuli, such as neurohumoral factors, pressure or volume overload, biomechanical stress, myocarditis, or inherited mutations . This causes cells to change morphology, increase protein synthesis and reactivate the cardiac fetal gene expression program. While initially compensatory, these changes ultimately prove maladaptive, leading to adverse ventricular remodeling through increased biomechanical stress, loss of contractility and function, and initiation of aberrant signaling processes that eventually cause heart failure.
Cyclin D1, a protein involved in cell cycle progression, is thought to be the point of convergence of mitogenic signal transduction cascades . Overexpression, amplification, gene rearrangements, and mutations of this gene have been found in tumors of different origins . It is postulated that the G allele favors the normal splicing of CCND1 exons 4 and 5, to produce the canonical cyclin D1a mRNA, while the A allele enhances alternative gene splicing, resulting in a shorter transcript, cyclin D1b.
The natural alkaloid epibatidine, while showing high affinity to neuronal nAChRs and an analgesic effect in animal models of pain, produces many negative side effects including toxicity, hypertension, respiratory paralysis and seizures due, in part, to its low selectivity for central nAChRs . Neuronal nAChRs consist of various combinations of α2 α10 and β2 β4 subunits and are differently distributed in various regions of the mammalian nervous system with respect to their subunit composition . The α4β2 is a major nAChR subtype of the central nervous system , while α3β4, though detected in some brain regions, predominates in the periphery , and α7 nAChRs are present in both central and peripheral regions of the nervous system .
Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers and is responsible for 14% of all cancer related deaths in women and 1.6% of all female deaths worldwide. When detected early, breast cancer is very treatable and therefore the ability to diagnose breast cancer in its early stages is vital to significantly improving the 5 year survival rate. These protein markers include CA 15.3, carcinoembryonic antigen , MUC1, and human epidermal growth factor 2 .
Fyn is a tyrosine kinase that belongs to the Src family of protein tyrosine kinases  . Fyn is highly expressed in the adult brain , and plays an important role in the central nervous system  . Fyn associates with GluN2B by interacting with the scaffolding protein RACK1 , and the close proximity of Fyn to GluN2B allows the efficient phosphorylation of the subunit .
Growing evidence from preclinical and clinical studies suggests that stem cell therapy may provide a viable therapeutic alternative to restore the target organ . Imaging modalities including single photon emission computed tomography , positron emission tomography , optical fluorescence, and magnetic resonance imaging  have all been implemented to evaluate the transplanted stem cells . MRI using super paramagnetic iron oxide  cell labeling techniques is emerging as the main diagnostic modality to track the transplanted stem cells.
Self poisoning through ingestion of Oduvanthalai is common in South India. Mortality may occur due to arrhythmias, renal failure, shock and respiratory distress. This prospective, clinical study was designed to assess renal tubular dysfunction due to Oduvanthalai poisoning .
Pain is a significant health concern with considerable economic and emotional costs. However, pain perception can vary greatly between individuals . Consistent with this theory, certain psychological factors are increasingly recognized as playing a role in pain perception.
Mutations in the gene encoding presenilin 1  are responsible for many cases of early onset familial Alzheimer’s disease , in part by increasing amyloid β peptide  production as a result of aberrant processing of the amyloid β protein precursor . FAD mutations have been used to develop various mouse models of AD to replicate Aβ peptide hypersecretion. A growing body of evidence suggests that the study of excitatory synaptic transmission is essential to understand early events that contribute to the development of AD .
Tumors that recur after an initially positive response to treatment are often resistant to chemotherapeutic drugs. It is important to explore the mechanism responsible for cisplatin resistance to improve its therapeutic index and overcome the resistance to this drug that emerges in the clinic . The molecular mechanisms that mediate these alterations are largely unknown.
Recent advances in the treatment of lung cancers have come from recognition that lung cancers are not a single disease entity, but rather a collection of distinct molecularly driven neoplasms. first described a subset of patients with lung cancers harboring activating mutations in the EGFR gene who responded to treatment with EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors . BRAF is a member of the RAF kinase family of serine/threonine protein kinases which have diverse roles in mediating proliferation and survival.
Isolated renal phosphate wasting and subsequent hypophosphatemia may result from a number of genetic syndromes that include: autosomal dominant hypophosphatemic rickets , X linked hypophosphatemic rickets , and autosomal recessive hypophosphatemic rickets . Furthermore, ARHR patients manifest peri osteocytic lesions upon bone biopsy, which are a hallmark of XLH . We previously demonstrated that homozygous mutations in Dentin matrix protein 1 , including the deletion of nucleotides 1484 1490  and the missense replacement of the initial methionine with valine, , are causative for ARHR .
There is increasing evidence for a link between bone metabolism and the vasculature. Thus, elderly women with osteoporosis  or with high bone turnover  have increased cardiovascular mortality. In addition, mice with deletion of osteoprotegerin , which binds and neutralizes the key osteoclastogenic factor, receptor activator of NFκB ligand , not only have severe osteoporosis and a marked increase in bone turnover but also diffuse vascular calcification .
UV resonance Raman  spectroscopy is recognized as a powerful technique for probing peptide and protein secondary structure. Excitation between 180 and 215 nm is in resonance with the amide π→π* electronic transition of the peptide backbone, resulting in enhancement of amide vibrations. In the work here, we use UVRR spectroscopy to examine the secondary structure conformations and underlying electronic transitions of both Ala3 and Ala4 .
Intestinal commensals are potential important contributors to the development of sporadic human colorectal cancer , but the identification of relevant microorganisms has been impeded by the complex ecology of the large intestine . Several bacteria are definitively linked to gastrointestinal tumorigenesis; for example, Helicobacter pylori is considered a class I carcinogen for gastric cancers . However, in contrast to the stomach where the microbiota only consists of Helicobacter spp., These difficulties have made the epidemiological approach to identifying CRC associated microorganisms problematic.
Myocardial infarction  is a leading cause of death worldwide, . The healing of acute ischemic myocardial injury influences the outcomes post infarction decisively. Recent experimental work suggests that this critical healing process requires a precise balance between removal of debris and regulation of scar formation.
Carbonic anhydrase  on the extracellular membrane surface is found in a variety of tissues that include kidney , lung , and skeletal muscle . The enzyme was indirectly implicated in regulation of excitatory synaptic transmission, as the curtailment of extracellular alkaline shifts by ECA was shown to limit post synaptic NMDA receptor activation during synchronous neural activity . The principal isoforms of ECA in the brain are CA4  and CA14  and both enzymes catalyze the buffering of activity dependent pHe transients  .
Natural killer  cells are known to provide a critical host defence system during the early phases of infection with a variety of viruses, fungi, bacteria and parasites . NK cells do not possess conventional clonotypic antigen specific receptors but are capable of spontaneously killing tumour and virus infected cells that have down regulated one or more MHC molecules and/or expressed certain stress antigens on their surface .. NK cells have also been shown to play an important role during pregnancy , autoimmunity and tissue inflammation  . Target recognition and cytokine stimulation are the two major triggering mechanisms for NK cells and both shape their effector responses .
Spinal transection in humans results in an irreversible loss of motor and sensory functions. According to  “urodeles thus constitute the most advanced phylogenetic group in which functional regeneration occurs following lesions that interrupt ascending and descending pathways of the spinal cord”. Nevertheless, it is accepted that some reptiles like lizards, are able to regenerate amputated legs and tails  including the terminal portions of the spinal cords .
Tissue morphogenesis occurs in the complex and changing environment of a developing organism. Integrins are heterodimeric transmembrane receptors composed of an α and a β subunit. Each subunit has a large extracellular domain, single pass transmembrane region and small cytoplasmic tail .
Older adults constitute an increasing proportion of people living with HIV disease. The most recent CDC report indicates that 35% of HIV infected individuals in the US are age 50 and above, which represents a significant rise from 17% in 2001 . Increased risks for cardiovascular, liver, kidney, and bone diseases, and non AIDS cancers have been reported in cART receiving cohorts .
Language shift from Spanish to English has been studied in different communities in the United States . However, few studies have focused on the language shift of native and foreign born  aged  Mexican origin Latinos/as . defines language shift as a situation in which the habitual use of one language is being replaced by the habitual use of another.
Apoptotic dysregulation is a fundamental characteristic of cancer that allows transformed cells to survive and proliferate . The inhibitor of apoptosis proteins  are one of the major protein families that regulate caspase activation and programmed cell death . The family currently consists of eight members that are characterized by the presence of one or more baculoviral IAP repeat  domains and are highly conserved among mammalian and non mammalian species  .
Acute lung injury  is a common cause of life threatening acute respiratory failure in children and adults. ALI is characterized by activation of the pulmonary endothelium, disruption of endothelial and alveolar epithelial barriers, and an increase in microvascular permeability, resulting in protein rich pulmonary edema . While the exact pathogenetic mechanisms of this clinical disorder are unknown, an understanding of these mechanisms is critical for the development of novel therapies .
The Hedgehog  pathway controls cell proliferation and differentiation in response to a gradient of secreted Hh ligands . Hh proteins such as Sonic Hedgehog  bind the inhibitory receptor Patched1  on the cell surface, thereby releasing Ptch1 mediated inhibition of seven pass transmembrane protein Smoothened . These target genes include downstream transcription factors such as Mycn , along with core Hh pathway components including Ptch1 and Gli1.
Clinical imaging of the longitudinal relaxation time, T1, in human subjects has several potential applications, including perfusion imaging , dynamic contrast imaging , assessment of Parkinson’s disease , assessment of schizophrenia  and multiple sclerosis , and quantification of myocardial blood flow . In spite of its potential clinical utility quantitative T1 mapping is not routinely used due to the long scanning time inherent in inversion recovery sequences. DESPOT1 derives T1 from two or more spoiled gradient recalled echo  images acquired with a constant TR and different flip angles.
Depression is associated with increased mortality risk after acute myocardial infarction , with an approximate relative risk of 2.4 for all cause mortality  according to a meta analysis of 22 studies. However, there have been relatively few published studies of depression as a predictor of mortality in unstable angina . UA patients comprise about 26 percent of hospitalized patients with acute coronary syndrome , and although long term prognosis is more favorable compared with MI patients, early invasive revascularization strategies are less beneficial for prevention of recurrent events in UA patients.
In eukaryotic cells, molecular oxygen primarily functions as the terminal acceptor of electrons during mitochondrial electron transport. Most of the oxygen consumed in this process is reduced to water by cytochrome oxidase. Normally, only a small percentage of the total oxygen consumption appears as partially reduced species such as the superoxide ion and hydrogen peroxide.
Ethanol exposure during pregnancy causes birth defects  and can lead to fetal alcohol spectrumdisorders  . FASD symptoms generally include growth deficiency and brain damage. FASD is one of the major contributors to intellectual disability in the Westernworld .
Abundant evidence implicates the peptide hormones oxytocin and arginine vasopressin in the regulation of social behavior. In humans, intranasal oxytocin administration increased trust and prosocial behaviors in experimental economic tasks , and led to a higher ratio of positive to negative behaviors during the discussion of a marital disagreement , compared to participants who received the placebo administration . High peripheral oxytocin levels have been associated with better relationship quality.
Prenatal and early postnatal exposures and events can affect the entire life course. While these associations are certainly multifactorial, differences in the gut microbiota could contribute. As well summarized by Arrieta and colleagues, several studies have noted differences in the neonatal fecal microbiota by route of delivery.
Identifying novel approaches to detect EOCs more effectively would have a substantial clinical impact in reducing ovarian cancer related mortality. One of the major reasons for the high rates of EOC associated mortality is that more than 60% of patients are diagnosed with advanced stage disease and there are currently no biomarkers with sufficient specificity to detect new cases of early stage EOC in the clinic. Historically, studies of the underlying biology and etiology of EOC have focused on the epithelial component of tumours .
Bregs are present in several murine models of chronic inflammation, including collagen induced arthritis , inflammatory bowel disease, and experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis  . Although the most widely used markers for B regs are the expression of IL 10 and CD19, combinations of other surface molecules including CD1d/CD21 , CD5/CD1d  or CD1d, CD21, CD23 and CD24 )  have emerged as additional markers for the identification of this subset of B cells . It has previously been shown that, in contrast to immunized wild type mice, chimeric mice lacking IL 10 or CD40 exclusively on their B cells fail to recover from EAE .
This paper addresses the question: when both selection and demography vary over time in a structured population with overlapping generations, how can we measure the long run expected strength of selection on quantitative traits? He addressed selection on matrix elements themselves rather than on quantitative traits that influence matrix elements. He included, for example, selection acting through survival at different ages or selection acting through reproduction .
Dendritic spines are small protrusions on the surface of dendrites that receive the majority of excitatory synapses, and changes in their morphology are implicated in synaptic plasticity and long term memory . Actin is the major cytoskeletal component that is accumulated in dendritic spines . Rapid assembly and disassembly of actin drives the formation of dendritic spines and their morphological plasticity .
Thousands of single gene, mitochondrial, and chromosomal disorders have been described. Application of whole exome sequencing  has enabled identification and characterization of new diseases and has expanded the phenotypes of known syndromes . Clinically available testing was unrevealing.
Sepsis is a progressive, inflammatory response to overwhelming infection associated with tissue hypoperfusion and multiorgan dysfunction. Based on pathophysiologically oriented views, ALI and ARDS can be of pulmonary  or extrapulmonary  origin. There are several studies indicating that direct and indirect ALI are truly different.
Homologous recombination  promotes the repair of DNA double strand breaks and facilitates the recovery of stalled or collapsed replication folks,. In mitotic cells, two major mechanisms ensure the timely elimination of joint molecules. Firstly, the human BTR complex , or yeast STR complex , promote the dissolution of double HJs to generate NCO products,.
Chronic disease is the central health care problem in the United States  and beyond. Nearly one out of two Americans suffer from at least one chronic disease, and chronic diseases contribute to the majority of U.S. health care costs. Typically incurable and characterized by exacerbations and remissions, chronic diseases must be managed throughout a lifetime.
Data have accumulated demonstrating that the adult olfactory epithelium  retains stem cells that are competent to make neurons, i.e., neural stem cells, and that the population of globose basal cells  is likely to include stem cells capable of replacing destroyed neurons and all other epithelial cell types during the recovery of the epithelium from direct or indirect injury. While still subject to investigation, it has been suggested that a set of multipotent olfactory progenitor  cells resides among the GBC population of the OE and can be activated after lesion when both neurons and non neuronal cells need to be replaced . More direct evidence comes from lineage tracing and transplantation analysis .
The zebrafish is gaining popularity in a number of disciplines that can utilize the sophisticated genetic methods already available for this species, the pharmacological tools originally developed for other laboratory model organisms, and also numerous practical advantages of zebrafish, e.g., its small size and prolific nature. Behavioral brain research is one of these disciplines. A subset of these publications concerns the induction and quantification of fear responses  .
HIV/AIDS is a leading cause of infectious disease mortality worldwide. Among the multiple genetic factors that influence AIDS progression, the human leukocyte antigen  class I genes have the strongest effects identified to date . Extensive allelic polymorphisms are observed in the HLA A, B and C genes, concentrated primarily among nucleotides that encode residues within the peptide binding grooves of the HLA class I molecules, which determine specificity for the associated peptide ligands .
Falls are common among individuals with Parkinson disease , a progressive neurodegenerative movement disorder affecting more than 1 million people in the United States. Seventy percent of patients experienced a fall within a one year period, with 50% of fallers experiencing a recurrent fall in the subsequent year . Many falls occur from backward perturbation or while moving backward ,.
Cortical bone is a composite material containing approximately 20 25% water by volume  . Bone water occurs at various locations and in different binding states. In normal bone the majority of bone water is loosely bound to the organic matrix , with a minor fraction tightly bound to bone mineral  .
The potential risks surrounding a pandemic outbreak of influenza would apply to any new variant of the influenza virus, although, there is a significant clinical difference in the immunopathology of certain influenza strains when humans have been infected . Strain A/H5N1 was first identified in domestic chicken stocks in the Far East . Only sporadic evidence of human infection was available early on but there has been a steady increase in the incidence and severity of small human outbreaks as well as an increasing possibility of a pandemic .
Parvocellular neurons that produce arginine vastotocin  or arginine vasopressin  are present in the medial bed nucleus of the stria terminalis  of almost all land vertebrates . Manipulations within those areas demonstrate that VT/VP is involved in a broad range of social behaviors, including communication, pair bonding, parental behavior and aggression, and some of these behaviors are influenced in a species specific manner  Despite this vast literature, there remains one very large hole: We know almost nothing about the kinds of stimuli that these neurons process on a moment to moment or short term basis. We recently addressed this issue in a study of five species of estrildid finches that differ selectively in their species typical group sizes  .
  In line with its theoretical objectives, the study was conceived as qualitative and open ended, aiming at eliciting individual definitions and processes of recovery in order to facilitate in depth understanding of what recovery means and how it happens from the point of view of persons with recurrent mental health problems in Ireland . In addition, it was decided to limit the study to those who identified themselves as having experienced mental health problems more than once during at least two years, as this group was perceived by services as the most problematic and costly in terms of their recovery . We selected a grounded theory  approach as it offers the possibility of theory building  and is sensitive to social context and culture .
Cardiac muscle contraction is regulated by a Ca2+ triggered cascade of thin and thick filament protein protein interactions. Troponin is a heterotrimeric protein complex consisting of troponin C , a Ca2+ binding protein with two EF hand motifs in each terminal domain, troponin I , the subunit which inhibits contraction via its interaction with f actin, and troponin T , a scaffolding protein that tethers troponin to the thin filament through association with cTnI and tropomyosin. During systole, Ca2+ enters the cytosol and binds to the N domain of cTnC , which prompts a slight opening of cNTnC and the resultant interaction with the “switch” region of cTnI .
Falls are the leading cause of fatal and nonfatal injuries among adults aged 65 and older . Research suggests that intervention programs can reduce the rate of falls by approximately 30 40% . Identifying and incorporating risk profiles improves the efficiency and effectiveness of falls prevention programs and is critical for geriatric evaluation.
The number of patients undergoing primary total hip and knee arthroplasties has steadily increased over the past decade, with nearly 800,000 procedures being performed in the United States each year . Prosthetic joint infection  is a serious complication following arthroplasty, with S. aureus being a common inciting pathogen . The majority of PJIs are thought to occur during surgery, likely originating from skin commensals.
The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of quantification method on estimates of voluntary quadriceps muscle activation . Twenty two people with no history of serious lower extremity injuries underwent voluntary quadriceps activation testing at 60° of knee flexion. Predictive equations were developed that describe the relationships between the three methods .
Determination of ribonucleic acid structure by NMR spectroscopy can be challenging for a number of reasons. Although spectral resolution can be improved through the use of multi dimensional 13C editing, the aromatic 1H and 13C atoms critical for residue assignment and structure analysis exhibit strong 1H 13C dipolar coupling in larger RNAs, which can result in severely broadened NMR signals. As such, the average size of the 298 RNA NMR structures that have been deposited in the Nucleic Acid Database  to date is only 25 nucleotides, and only 13 comprise more than 50 nucleotides .
Spatial attention helps us select relevant information from rich, noisy, and potentially overwhelming amounts of perceptual information. For example, people selectively listen to a single speaker in a cocktail party filled with many voices . Although many influential theories of perceptual attention were driven by research in the auditory domain , recent neuroimaging research has predominantly examined the visual modality.
Penile cancer is a rare malignancy, and few guidelines are available to define treatment paradigms. For greater understanding of the natural history of surgically treated penile cancer, we analyzed experience at our institution . Using an institutional database, we identified 127 patients treated for squamous cell carcinoma of the penis from 1995  2011.
Each summer U.S. teaching hospitals experience a turnover of resident physicians, leading many to investigate whether declines in patient outcomes occur as a result of operational disruption and relative inexperience of new cohorts of physicians . An important reason why prior estimated July effects may have been mixed and small in magnitude is that most studies do not examine whether the July effect varies according to the predicted risk of inpatient mortality. Mortality outcomes of patients at low risk of inpatient mortality  either because of few severe co morbid conditions or because the disease necessitating hospitalization is relatively low risk  may be unaffected by resident inexperience in July, whereas mortality among hospitalized patients with high predicted mortality may be most affected by errors or relative inexperience at the start of the residency year .
Calicheamicin  γ1I  from Micromonospora echinospora spp. Structurally, CLM is a member of the 10 membered enediynes which all share a signature bicycloenediyne core. This reactive intermediate is exquisitely positioned by the CLM aryltetrasaccharide , the critical DNA docking element of CLM .
Exocyclic nucleobase adducts are among the most important types of DNA damage because of their ability to exert significant biological effects . For example, 1,N6 etheno deoxyadenosine adducts induced by vinyl chloride preferentially adopt the syn conformation about the glycosidic bond, forming a Hoogsteen base pair with guanine or cytosine instead of the normal adenine partner, thymine  . 1,3 Butadiene is a known animal and human carcinogen found in automobile exhaust and in cigarette smoke .
Biologic scaffold materials composed of mammalian extracellular matrix  are commonly used for the repair and reconstruction of injured or missing tissues and organs . The mechanical and material properties of ECM scaffolds and the host tissue response to these biomaterials has been shown to depend upon the tissue specificity of the ECM material , processing methods , hydration , three dimensional configuration , and terminal sterilization . The wide spectrum of clinical outcomes possible as a result of these factors has been recently reviewed for ECM scaffold materials commonly used for orthopedic applications  .
DNA protein cross links  are bulky macromolecular conjugates that can form following the sequential alkylation of DNA and proteins by bis electrophiles. DPCs can be induced by a variety of cytotoxic, mutagenic, and carcinogenic agents, including ionizing radiation , transition metals , endogenous and exogenous aldehydes , and chemotherapeutic drugs . In vivo half lives of DPCs can range from hours to days, depending on their chemical stability and their ability to be recognized by repair proteins .
Hypertension and cerebral amyloid angiopathy  account for most primary intracerebral hemorrhage. CAA affects the vessels of the cortex and leptomeninges without significant involvement of the penetrating. By contrast, hypertension causes arteriosclerosis in both cortical and subcortical arteries.
The use of a newly developed three dimensional  ultrasound method to measure volume blood flow  is reported. This method was originally proposed by  and . Therefore, the goal of this paper was to verify the performance of an angle independent, robust, volumetric flow measurement technique that can be implemented using data obtained from current clinical scanner architecture.
It has been suggested that cultural identification is strongly associated with the expression of certain anxiety disorders . There has been a surge in the number of studies focusing on minority mental health issues, and increasing recognition of the need to deepen the understanding of the mental health features of non White samples versus White samples, in order to make the currently defined diagnoses more applicable to a range of individuals . Yet, while this interest is growing, there still remains a dearth of information about the mental health picture of non White race ethnic groups in the United States  .
Cell transplantation shows great promise for repair and restoration of heart function following myocardial infarction . They reported a higher proportion of engraftment when compared to simpler interventions . The hostile environment with persistent oxidative stress ultimately leads to apoptosis of the majority of the transplanted cells.
Many common causes of blindness involve the death of retinal photoreceptors: in Retinitis Pigmentosa  mutations, typically in photoreceptor specific genes, lead to progressive degeneration of rods and cones and gradual loss all useful sight. Both subretinal and epiretinal electronic prostheses have the capability to stimulate retinal ganglion cells  directly . Recently a newer strategy has led to recovery of some visual function in animal models of RP by transgenic expression of photosensitive molecules directly in bipolar and RGCs .These strategies equally depend upon the viability and survival of inner retinal cells following photoreceptor death .
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma , accounts for 650,000 new cases worldwide  with more than 12% distributed in China . Unfortunately, most patients in China are already in advanced stages when diagnosed and over 76,000 die each year  . It has been postulated that leukoplakia represents an early stage in OSCC, as some lesions evolve to malignant neoplasms .
Hantaviruses, enveloped RNA viruses of the family Bunyaviridae, are known to cause hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome  and hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome  in humans. The HFRS is found primarily in Europe and Asia, and presents as an acute febrile illness associated with marked renal involvement. In acute HFRS, proteinuria and elevated creatinine are common.
Konzo is an upper motor neuron disease characterized by a sudden onset of a non progressive and irreversible spastic paraparesis . Outbreaks of konzo have been reported from several remote rural areas of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Central African Republic, Tanzania, and Mozambique . The pathogenetic mechanisms of konzo have yet to be elucidated.
During adolescence, structural remodeling occurs in a number of brain regions, including the hippocampus, where neural plasticity is a characteristic throughout the lifespan . However, the rate of postnatal neurogenesis is not constant. Neurogenesis is highest during the perinatal period  and is higher in adolescence than in adulthood .
RNA dependent protein kinase  is an interferon induced, double stranded , RNA activated serine/threonine protein kinase that has a well established role in anti viral defense mechanisms. In support of its role in growth suppression, for example, treatment of murine cell lines with dsRNA, TNFα or lipopolycacharide leads to a PKR dependent apoptosis, which may be due to phosphorylation of eIF 2α, but also to the expression of other pro apoptotic factors such as Fas. , In addition, PKR induces apoptosis in epithelial cancer cell lines in response to adenoviral overexpression of TNFα, E2F 1 and the melanoma differentiation associated gene 7 , a novel tumor suppressor gene.
Myotendinous junctions  are highly specialized and architecturally complex structures which form at the interface between muscle and tendon . Structural and functional interaction between muscle and tendon cells at the MTJ, especially mechanical force transduction, results in the development of the adult phenotype. During embryonic/neonatal period tenoblasts in the developing tendon become embedded in a three dimensional  matrix consisting of several types of collagens , proteoglycans, elastin and fibronectin and are transformed into flat cells  with a large number of cellular protrusions .
Recent epidemiologic studies suggest that sunlight may protect against non Hodgkin lymphoma . Most ,  studies,  including a pooled analysis of 10 studies, have found inverse associations between NHL risk and individual  sun exposure, evaluated in terms of self reported time outdoors, sunbathing or other behavioral exposures during various ages. Ultraviolet radiation  exposure is the product of many factors, including not only duration of sun exposure, and host susceptibility characteristics , but also season and geographic location, among others.
Tumor cells have been characterized by “plasticity”, or the capacity to transition between mesenchymal  or amoeboid  migration mechanisms thought to be analogous to normal physiological function for motile cell types such as fibroblasts or immune cells  . Direct comparisons between tumorigenic and non tumorigenic cell types   thought to utilize analogous migration modes   have revealed important differences in function  . For example, while HT 1080 fibrosarcoma cells  were previously characterized by a mesenchymal mode that was qualitatively similar to motile fibroblasts in collagen , , pronounced differences in cytoskeletal structure and cell adhesion properties have been identified through comparisons with human dermal fibroblasts  cultured using identical 2D and 3D cell culture platforms  .
Over the last four million years, the Earth has undergone frequent climatic oscillations including many ice ages . Recent studies making use of the increased power afforded by genome scale data have allowed to test increasingly finer hypotheses regarding the existence and the timing of post divergence gene flow  . The impact that quaternary climatic fluctuations had on speciation is highly dependent on the taxa and the geographic range .
Eukaryotic cells contain a set of functionally distinct membrane bound compartments called organelles. The maintenance of a full set of organelles is fundamental to eukaryotic life. Organelles multiply either by fission of existing organelles or by de novo formation .
18F is the most commonly used isotope for positron emission tomography , due to its nearly ideal imaging properties . The most common use of 18F labeled peptides is to image receptor sites in vivo . For example,  lists the properties of several of the more commonly reported fluorination procedures.
Protein motions are necessary for an enzyme's biological function, but the role of enzyme dynamics at various timescales and their contribution toward catalytic activity is not clear. Enzymes undergo slow conformational sampling that involves large regions of the protein moving on time scales of nanoseconds to seconds. In addition, there are local motions that occur on the picosecond to femtosecond time scale.
Weakness in the autoimmune disease, myasthenia gravis  is caused by antibodies directed against skeletal muscle acetylcholine receptors  on the muscle membrane portion of the endplate . The secondary synaptic folds are simplified due to loss of endplate membrane . The serum level of AChR binding antibodies does not predict the severity of weakness , but the postsynaptic membrane area correlates with the size of the endplate potentials  miniature endplate potentials  and with the patient’s clinical signs of weakness  .
The link between chronic inflammation and tumor progression is now a well accepted concept . The inducible cyclooxygenase 2  enzyme is also involved in cross talk with the inflammatory stroma in colorectal cancer , resulting in promotion of angiogenesis, cell survival, proliferation, migration, and invasion  . Natural plant derived compounds are an attractive class of investigational agents for cancer prevention and treatment.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers  are flame retardant chemicals that have been used in commercial products such as textiles, plastics, wood, electronic materials, and polyurethane foam . At high temperatures, PBDEs release bromine radicals that inhibit the spread of flame . These chemicals are lipophilic and bioaccumulative, and thus they are of ecotoxicological concern .
Smoking is the number one preventable cause of premature death in the United States with approximately 440,000 dying each year . Most smokers  express a desire to quit , but most relapse within the first few months . There are several behavioral and pharmacological interventions that improve cessation rates.
An important logistical limitation of quantitative positron emission tomography  scans is the need to measure, during image acquisition, the concentration over time of the parent radiotracer in plasma, i.e. the input function. This is generally done by collecting serial arterial blood samples, then separating the fraction of parent compound from its radiometabolites. The whole procedure is labor intensive, time consuming and uncomfortable for the patient, and alternative techniques are needed to reduce  or possibly eliminate  the need for blood sampling.
Each year, it is estimated that 250 000 anterior cruciate ligament  reconstruction surgeries are performed in the USA. The average cost associated with ACL injuries, including diagnostic tests, surgery and rehabilitation, is conservatively estimated to be $17 000 per each reconstructive case from 1999 data. Time lost from ACL injury can be 6 months or longer.
Faces, unlike many of the visual stimuli that we encounter each day, are processed holistically. That is, we are unable to attend to a single face part when it is presented in the context of a whole face; rather, numerous behavioral studies have revealed interference from the ostensibly unattended face parts. Faces are presented sequentially; a study face composed of two face halves is shown, followed by a blank screen or mask, and then a test face.
Young adults ages 1824 have the highest smoking prevalence compared to other age groups in the United States . During young adulthood many people either make the transition from occasional use to addiction or stop smoking . Receptivity to tobacco advertising  and exposure to tobacco promotional activities  are associated with young adult tobacco use .
Acute and chronic rhinosinusitis are a common cause of significant morbidity and healthcare expenditure. An analysis of the National Health Interview Survey between 1997 and 2006 found that sinusitis affects 15.2% of the United States’ population annually. Rhinosinusitis is a common concern in the pediatric population.
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors  are a diverse family of ligand gated cation channels that are expressed throughout the nervous system. One major class of AChRs found in the CNS is the homopentameric α7 AChR subtype, characterized by its ability to bind α Bgt with high affinity  . Its dysfunction has been implicated in many neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders such as Alzheimer’s disease , schizophrenia , and Down’s syndrome .
Endometrial cancer is the most common female gynaecological cancer in the United States, ranking fourth among all cancers in women in age adjusted incidence . There is a growing interest in the role of phytoestrogens in female hormonal cancers , particularly on breast cancer risk . However, despite the well established association of estrogens unopposed by progesterone and endometrial cancer , the role of phytoestrogens in endometrial cancer risk has received little attention .
Murine B cell development is a leading developmental system for the analysis of gene regulatory networks that orchestrate cell fate ‘choice’ and lineage commitment . The analyses of early B cell development are thus highly advanced, as regulatory networks of signaling molecules and transcription factors have been elucidated that endeavor to account for the generation of B lineage progeny from multi potent progenitors . Cells lacking either E2a or Ebf1 can be cultured ex vivo in the presence of Scf , Flt3l  and Il 7 .
Novel targeted therapies for cancer include immune therapy and small molecule targeted therapies. One approach to immunization therapy is to use dendritic cells or peptide immunogens to stimulate an immune response against defined cancer antigens. An alternate approach is adoptive T cell therapy, which involves autologous or heterologous transplantation of primed cells.
The effect of vitamin D on a wide variety of non skeletal health outcomes, including colorectal cancer , has been the subject of considerable debate . High vitamin D has been associated with reduced risk of CRC in observational studies evaluating dietary intake , circulating 25 hydroxyvitamin D , and predicted 25D . A recent meta analysis of observational data reported a 26% lower risk of CRC  per 10 ng/mL increment in blood 25D levels .
Sudden cardiac death following myocardial infarction  is the most common cause of mortality from heart disease. As we and others,  have shown, abnormal intracellular Ca2+ cycling is a well established mechanism of alternans. Specifically, we have recently shown that the sarcoplasmic reticulum  Ca2+ ATPase , an important regulator of SR calcium reuptake, can significantly modulate the magnitude of alternans .
The Junín, Machupo and Guanarito clade B new world hemorrhagic fever arenaviruses  are associated with outbreaks in Argentina, Bolivia and Venezuela, respectively . Humans become infected through direct contact with rodents or by inhalation of aerosolized rodent excreta, primarily during harvest season or residential infestation . Because they are readily transmitted by aerosols, these Category A arenaviruses are potential bioterrorism agents and are included in the list of agents in the Material Threat Determinations and Population Threat Assessment issued by the Department of Homeland Security .
Death certificates are the main data source for many mortality studies. These data are often used to identify public health problems, allocate funding, and set new goals. Additionally, physicians tend to overstate cardiovascular causes of death compared with subsequent autopsy or review of hospital discharge data  .
Lung cancer is the most common cancer and the leading cause of cancer death both globally and in the United States. In prospective studies, a study in Norway involving 51,452 subjects and 154 lung cancer cases noted a significant protective effect of cod liver oil  against lung cancer ; and a Japanese prospective study showed that frequent consumption of fresh fish or shellfish was associated with lower lung cancer risk . Studies have indicated that in contrast to the cancer preventive effect of n 3 PUFA, n 6 PUFA such as linoleic acid  is associated with higher risk of cancer .
Nucleotide Excision Repair  in eukaryotes repairs DNA via a cascade of biochemical interactions requiring more than 30 proteins. NER repairs a variety of DNA lesions including those induced by UV light such as cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers  and 6,4 photoproducts . Genetic defects in NER in humans lead to several cancer prone conditions including Xeroderma pigmentosum.
Calcium regulated exocytosis is a process by which vesicles containing neurotransmitters or hormones fuse with the plasma membrane . Several groups of proteins coordinate this multistep process. Among them are the soluble NSF attachment receptor  proteins that form the SNARE complex, which is thought to force the plasma and vesicular membranes into close proximity, thereby initiating membrane fusion  and possibly mediating formation of the fusion pore  .
In radioactive decay, three types of radiations can be produced: alpha particles ; beta particles ; and gamma rays  . Gamma radiation has a very small wavelength  and therefore has high energy, which is capable of ionizing molecules and atoms. In biological systems or in solution, ionizing radiation generates hydroxyl radicals  by water radiolysis .
Intermittent claudication is a symptom of peripheral arterial disease , and is associated with elevated rates of mortality and morbidity. Intermittent claudication afflicts 5% of the US population older than 55 years of age, and occurs during ambulation when the peripheral circulation is inadequate to meet the metabolic requirement of the active leg musculature. Thus, intermittent claudication impairs ambulation, daily physical activity, and health related quality of life.
Sexual reproduction provides genetic variation that allows populations to adapt to changing environments  and in some species such as cyclical parthenogenetic monogonont rotifers its product is a diapausing embryo. The diapausing embryo  can also serve as a means of dispersal . Although monogonont rotifer mating behavior was first described more than 40 years ago, few studies have provided detailed information on specific components of the mating sequence .
Synaptic vesicle components, including vesicular membrane proteins, are constantly transported by constitutive vesicles from the cell soma to the active zone at the presynaptic membrane. In nerve terminals, there are three different synaptic vesicle pools with respect to their sensitivity to stimulation : a reserve pool  that responds to stimulation very slowly , a slow response pool  that secretes neurotransmitters more acutely , and a readily releasable pool of SVs that are docked to the presynaptic membrane at the active zone , and responds immediately to stimulation. Carboxypeptidase E  is a major component in large dense core vesicles  in neuroendocrine cells and exists in both soluble and membrane forms .
Defining the molecular mechanisms underlying synapse loss presents a critical challenge to understanding neurodegenerative disease pathology. By contrast, mutations that directly affect mitochondrial metabolism cause early onset neurodegeneration in a number of developmental disorders, including Leigh Syndrome, Leber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy and Kearns Sayre Syndrome . In Leigh Syndrome, for example, patients appear normal at birth, but become broadly ataxic, display nystagmus and spasticity, and ultimately die during childhood .
The global emergence of novel psychoactive drugs of abuse has triggered the need for close monitoring around the world. One class of anorexigenic compounds studied in the early 1960s was based on the 5 phenyl 4,5 dihydrooxazol 2 amine  template structure . The majority of these analogs published by Poos et al.  All reagents and dry solvents used in the syntheses were obtained from Sigma Aldrich Ltd. .
Platelet activating factor , prostaglandins  and lysophosphatidic acid  are three major phospholipid mediators shown to be involved in many different biological pathways in inflammatory diseases and cancer . Their importance is underscored by the emergence of COX inhibitors and non steroidal anti inflammatory drugs  as potent anti cancer agents targeting PGs and LPA . PAF induces its multiple cellular effects through its specific receptor, PAFR, which belongs to the G protein coupled receptor  family and transduces cell signals via the G proteins and associated protein phosphorylation cascades .
A number of cyanobacterial lectins bind with high affinity to high mannose oligosaccharides on viral envelope glycoproteins, preventing virus attachment and entry into target cells . These natural products might therefore be utilized to prevent or treat human viral diseases. One potential target for lectin therapy is the Zaire Ebola virus , the causative agent of the current epidemic in West Africa.
AS1411 is a 26 base guanine rich oligonucleotide  with an unmodified  DNA backbone. This molecule and its related analogs can inhibit proliferation and induce cell death in many types of cancer cells, but have little effect on normal cells . A Phase I clinical trial of AS1411  in patients with metastatic cancer has indicated no serious adverse effects with promising clinical activity, and AS1411 is now being tested in Phase II trials  .
Cervical cancer, a virally caused cancer, is the second most common cancer and the second most frequent cause of death by cancer in women worldwide . Despite the robust carcinogenic potential of E6 and E7, HPV infection alone is not sufficient for the development of cervical cancer because only a minor fraction of patients infected with HPV develop cervical cancer . Other studies, however, have concluded otherwise.
Transgender people are individuals who do not identify with the gender that society commonly associates with their birth sex assignment . Trans women identify and often live as a feminine gender  . Trans people also experience high rates of physical as well as sexual violence .
Delay  discounting refers to the devaluation of an outcome as a function of the time to the delivery of that outcome. A variety of reward outcomes have been used in discounting experiments including money, compact disks, alcohol and cigarettes . These rewards are typically hypothetical and used in lieu of real rewards for three reasons.
Chondroitin sulfate  is a linear, polydisperse, microheterogeneous, anionic polysaccharide having an average molecular weight of 10,00030,000 Da. Most of CS is isolated from animal tissues and unsulfated chondroitin is isolated from certain bacteria . The increased use of these enzymes, particularly for medical applications, has led to the isolation, cloning, and recombinant expression of new bacterial chondroitin lyases .
The Family System Genetic Illness model postulates the importance of a family centered approach in understanding the impacts of genetically influenced illnesses on coping and adaptation of family members due to the presence of future disease risk for multiple family members . When mutations associated with hereditary disorders are identified, this information inevitably concerns multiple members of the family. For families who are affected by Lynch Syndrome, knowing whether they carry a mutation in one of the associated mismatch repair genes  can be beneficial so that appropriate surveillance to prevent the onset of or identify a cancer at an earlier stage can be carried out .
Synapse development requires recruitment and precise alignment of synaptic vesicles and release apparatus in axons opposite appropriate neurotransmitter receptors and postsynaptic machinery on dendrites. Mimicking these alterations in mice can phenocopy the psychiatric disorder  . Neuroligins bind the LNS domain common to α and β neurexins, which contains the alternatively spliced site 4  .
The formation of an emulsion from two immiscible fluids  leads to the generation of interfacial area between the two fluids. , The resulting emulsions are kinetically stable, and surfactants are typically used to slow processes such as coalescence of the dispersed phase. In addition, however, processes that result in spontaneous emulsification have also been reported and such processes have substantial technological utility.
It has been estimated that nearly a quarter of American adults have the metabolic syndrome. Inhibition of stearoyl CoA desaturase 1  has been proposed as an attractive strategy for preventing most aspects of the metabolic syndrome including obesity, insulin resistance,,,, hypertriglyceridemia,, and hepatic steatosis. ,,,, However, several unwanted side effects are associated with SCD1 inhibition or deletion, including alopecia and accelerated atherosclerosis.
Immune targeting of tumor antigens that are over expressed by cancer cells in numerous cancer types with limited expression in normal tissues holds significant promise for widespread clinical application. Folate receptor alpha  is a glycosylphosphatidylinositol anchored protein that is overexpressed on the surface of cancer cells in a spectrum of epithelial malignancies, including ovarian, breast, renal, colorectal, lung and other solid cancers but limited in normal tissues . FRα overexpression is associated with high grade, tumor progression and poor prognosis in ovarian cancer  and poor survival in breast cancer , and therefore represents an attractive candidate for targeted biologic therapy of epithelial derived cancers, particularly for epithelial ovarian carcinomas  where nearly 90% of cancers express FRα .
Hemoglobins are heme proteins present in all groups of organisms, even those without a bloodstream. They carry out different functions, including transport of oxygen between tissues, intracellular oxygen transport and catalysis of redox reactions . Recent studies have demonstrated that Hb is expressed in cerebral neurons and neuronal Hb can be induced by cerebral ischemia and ischemic preconditioning  .
It is becoming increasingly clear that the quality and quantity of innate immune responses that are induced by the host in response to lentivirus infections in humans and nonhuman primates plays a critical role in establishing the course of infection and the dynamics of disease . Among the cell lineages that play a prominent role in mediating such innate immune responses are cells of the NK cell lineage. The receptors that mediate such function can be broadly categorized into the family of killer cell immunoglobulin like receptors , the killer cell lectin like receptor family such as the hetero dimeric CD94/NKG2a molecules  and the Killer cell non immunoglobulin like receptors  such as NKp46, p30 and p44 .
The life of a T lymphocyte can be divided into multiple distinct stages . Thymocyte precursors that are CD4−CD8− double negative  mature into CD4+CD8+ double positive  and then either CD4+ or CD8+ single positive  thymocytes. SP thymocytes exit to the periphery as naïve T cells.
In the guinea pig 17 β estradiol  treatment increases the mRNA expression of T type calcium channel subunit, Cav3.1 , in hypothalamic nuclei, including the arcuate nucleus . Increased excitability with E2 treatment has also been observed in ventromedial hypothalamic  neurons . These different channels can be distinguished by their distinct molecular, electrophysiological and pharmacological characteristics.
Olfactory studies indicate that the detection of odorants by olfactory receptors  is performed in a combinatorial fashion, such that each receptor can bind different odorants and, conversely, each odorant is capable of binding to various receptors . Under such an arrangement, knowledge of how an odorant interacts with one or a few ORs, e.g., , , may not predict the olfactory sensitivity of the whole organism to those odorants. Comparative data from these two stages of the olfactory system: peripheral receptors and behavior, added to an understanding of processing effects at intermediate stages, e.g., olfactory bulb  and cortex , are necessary to achieve a comprehensive picture of the functional aspects of the sense of smell, among them, odorant sensitivity .
Nerve conduction block is an important technique for use in both basic experimental neuroscience  and in applied neurophysiology and neuroengineering research . Chemical blocking methods include the use of denaturing agents which induce a permanent nerve block caused by irreversible axonal damage, and temporary/reversible agents such as channel blockers . Thermal blocking methods include reversible nerve cooling  and irreversible thermal ablation.
Cranial irradiation is an effective treatment for primary and metastatic central nervous system tumors . However, it is well known that long term complications of radiation therapy can be severe, especially in children. The cognitive consequences of radiation treatment are usually debilitating.
Protein C, a vitamin Kdependent plasma glycoprotein synthesized in the liver, is one of the most important endogenous anticoagulants. Upon activation by the thrombin thrombomodulin complex, it inactivates factor Va and factor VIIIa, consequently reducing thrombin generation. Hereditary protein C deficiency, characterized by reduction of protein C levels or activity, is due to rare genetic mutations and contributes to familial venous thrombosis .
In the periphery, naive T lymphocytes are sensitive to different fate determination pathways due to their intrinsic epigenetic plasticity. The overall result is heritable changes in chromatin structure and gene expression patterns for full phenotypic differentiation into aggressive effector T cells  of Th1 type, or Th2 type, that destroy target antigen via cellular, or humoral, mechanisms. Th17 is a recently recognised third Teff type, generated in the presence of interleukin 6  and associated with chronic inflammatory conditions.
Sarcoglycans are members of the dystrophin glycoprotein complex  found in the sarcolemma that are important in maintaining integrity of the muscle against forces generated during contractions . Mutation of sarcoglycan delta  causes limb girdle muscular dystrophy 2F , characterized by progressive wasting of muscle and weakness, and dilated cardiomyopathy  in both humans and animals  . There is evidence of aberrant neurohumoral activation in muscular dystrophy .
Mutation of the STK11/LKB1  gene is the causative genetic defect underlying the autosomal dominant Peutz Jeghers syndrome  . PJS is characterized by non neoplastic hamartomatous polyps of the gastrointestinal tract and hyperpigmented macules on the lips and oral mucosa . PJS patients also exhibit an elevated risk of developing certain cancers including those of the gastrointestinal tract, cervix, lung, breast, thyroid, prostate, and pancreas .
NK cells are experts in the destruction of tumor and virally infected cells . Inhibitory receptors recognize molecules such as MHC class I proteins that are expressed on healthy cells to protect these cells from NK cell attack. The NK activating receptors, which include NKG2D, NKp46, NKp44, NKp80, DNAM1, 2B4, and CD16, recognize pathogen derived ligands, stress induced molecules, tumor ligands, and self ligands .
Glucagon like Peptide 1  was originally discovered as a gut hormone that is secreted by the endocrine L cells in the small intestine and colon following exposure to ingested nutrients . In the gastrointestinal system, GLP 1 inhibits gastrointestinal motility, reduces gastric acid secretion, and slows gastric emptying . GLP 1 and glucagon share the same precursor molecule—proglucagon.
In cancer, a tumor’s switch to angiogenesis is a rate limiting stepin its progression from microscopic to macroscopic size . In contrast, the conversefinding—of tumors that switch off angiogenesis and thus cease macroscopicgrowth—is rare . The switch metaphor is common in the field because of the strongbiphasic nature of angiogenesis.
The PGSA  aims at avoiding problems of sample representativeness and ethical issues typical of placebo controlled secondary prevention trials with MCI patients. The PGSA uses mathematical modeling to forecast the distribution of quantified outcomes of MCI patient groups based on their own baseline data established at the outset of clinical trials. These forecasted distributions are then compared with the distribution of actual outcomes observed on candidate treatments, thus substituting for a concomitant placebo group.
Infection by Kaposi’s sarcoma associated herpesvirus , also known as human herpesvirus 8 , is associated with the development of Kaposi’s sarcoma , primary effusion lymphoma   and a subset of multicentric Castleman’s diseases . The expression of RTA is necessary and sufficient to trigger the full lytic program resulting in the cascade expression of viral proteins, release of viral progeny, and host cell death  . RTA has been shown to activate the transcription of several downstream viral genes, including ORFK1 , ORFK2 , ORFK3 , ORFK5 , ORFK6 , PAN RNAs , ORF35 , ORF49 , ORF50 itself , ORFK8 , ORF57 , ORFK9 , ORF74 , ORFK12 , and ORFK15 .
Acute graft versus host disease , a disease of selective epithelial damage, is a severe complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation . Work from our group and others has shown that prior to tissue destruction, donor T cells must migrate to secondary lymphoid tissue  where they are activated by host antigen presenting cells  ,. The migration of lymphocytes to target organs involves selectins, integrins, and small chemotactic proteins known as chemokines .
Inflammatory activation of macrophages occurs in atheromatous plaques , inflamed adipose tissue in obesity , and tumors . This activation is associated with the death of macrophages and tissue dysfunction , but the role of free radical operated processes has not received the attention it deserves—mostly due to the limitations of studying them in biological systems. Superoxide can be dismutated to hydrogen peroxide  by superoxide dismutase, or it can react with ●NO to form peroxynitrite .
Pancreatic cystic lesions  comprise a variety of pathologically different groups of lesions that usually share many common clinical features . About 90% of PCLs are benign processes such as pseudocysts related to acute or chronic pancreatitis . Pancreatic cystic neoplasms  constitute 1015% of all PCLs and less than 1% of all pancreatic neoplasms .
Intracerebral hemorrhage  remains a major medical problem, which so far does not have an effective treatment. This response includes the infiltration of neutrophils and macrophages into and around the hematoma, which peaks at 48 to 72 hours after ICH onset  . Many studies attribute a significant involvement of leukocytes in ICH induced brain injury .
A number of potential markers for the identification of multipotent bone marrow stromal cells have been developed in recent years . Although the presence of early mesenchymal and osteoprogenitor cells in BM is well established, the issue of whether there are similar, or at least related, populations in peripheral blood  remains controversial. showed that BM cells were recruited via the circulation into BMP 2 containing collagen pellets and contributed to ectopic bone formation.
MEG is a functional imaging technique that directly measures neuronal activity with millisecond temporal resolution. To deal with this non uniqueness, constraints must be imposed on sources by stipulating a “source model”. A conventional source model for MEG is a set of equivalent current dipoles , a model that assumes focal neuronal current that can be modeled by one or more point like dipoles.
Elucidating the neural basis of common psychiatric disorders, such as anxiety and addiction, can guide the development of novel preventions and therapeutics. Complex states likely result from alterations in underlying neurocircuitry, and both structural and functional measures of connectivity show promise as disease biomarkers. Neuroimaging methods provide a powerful tool for examining neural circuits in vivo and progress has been made in identifying the neurocircuitry of anxiety  and addiction .
Many studies in recent years have investigated the brain network involved in speech production and have identified a set of regions supporting processes related to reading, retrieving, and articulating words. One problem is that there is still some disagreement in the literature regarding the units that drive articulation . Despite the uncertainty over the units that drive articulation, previous neuroimaging studies have presented evidence that manipulating syllabic and phonemic content of stimuli modulates the activity of certain regions from the speech network.
Computed tomography  is a widely used modality to guide percutaneous biopsy of lesions located within the liver and the lung . This condition can be fulfilled by repeated image acquisition of 2D CT slices using a technique called “fluoro CT” . However, with this technique, only single slices of a target volume in a transverse orientation can be obtained; thus, both the skin entry point and the target lesion must be visible in the same transverse plane.
The biological basis of T cell depletion in animal models for the prevention of GVHD has been established since 1968. Using the Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research  database, Champlin et al. evaluated various T cell depletion strategies in 870 patients with leukemia who received T cell depleted transplants from unrelated or HLA mismatched related donors from 1982 to 1994. Patients receiving narrow specificity antibodies for T cell depletion experienced higher leukemia free survival than recipients of T cell depleted SCTs by other techniques but similar to those for non T cell depleted transplants.
The large gene family of G protein coupled receptors  has major roles in health and disease. However, pharmacological dysfunction of polymorphic GPCRs does not always involve receptor misfolding and can be due to other cellular mechanisms . Similarly, a naturally occurring third intracellular  loop mutation in the histamine type 1  receptor has been shown to alter intra cellular trafficking and plasma membrane expression, without abolishing receptor function , possibly by altering protein/chaperone interactions.
Aldosterone excess is increasingly recognized as a common cause of hypertension. In such patients, echocardiographic/Doppler studies provide support for aldosterone induced myocardial fibrosis and hypertrophy separate from changes in blood pressure . A large body of experimental literature, including landmark studies by Brilla and Weber, clearly demonstrates that aldosterone excess in the presence of high dietary salt intake induces LV hypertrophy and fibrosis.
Feeding conditions can impact the behavioral effects of directly acting dopamine receptor agonists . For example, food restriction decreases the frequency of quinpirole induced yawning in rats . Dopamine receptor agonist induced yawning generates an inverted U shaped dose response curve with the induction of yawning  thought to be mediated by D3 receptors and the decrease in yawning  thought to be mediated by D2 receptors .
Standardized auditory thresholds are measured clinically for frequencies only through 6 kHz by bone conduction, but up to 16 kHz by air conduction . As a result, diagnostic information for both sensorineural and conductive mechanism function is incomplete for frequencies greater than 6 kHz . Incomplete conductive mechanism information for frequencies greater than 6 kHz also limits our understanding of middle ear function, and may influence decisions on surgical intervention for middle ear surgery.
Chromatin immunoprecipitation  has become an important assay for the genome wide study of protein DNA interactions and gene regulation. A genome wide readout of the protein binding sites is produced either by hybridization of the DNA pool to a tiling array  or by end sequencing of millions of different DNA fragments . In higher organisms, particularly mammals, ChIP chip data tend to have low resolution and are often quite noisy, two shortcomings that ChIP Seq promises to surmount.
Phenylketonuria , one of the most common human inborn errors of metabolism, is caused by recessively inherited phenylalanine hydroxylase  deficiency . However, PKU therapy requires lifelong strict adherence to an unpalatable and complicated diet, and mild cognitive deficits still persist in some treated children . Novel therapeutic approaches to PKU that do not rely solely upon dietary manipulation continue to be sought  .
Alzheimer’s disease is a neurodegenerative disorder characterized by severe cognitive impairment and neurofibrillary tangles , and shows disrupted functional neuronal metabolic activity in specific brain regions . Several neuroimaging studies have reported that patients with Alzheimer’s disease have lower cerebral metabolism in the bilateral posterior cingulated cortex, precuneus, and temporalparietal cortex  and in the temporal, parietal, and prefrontal lobes , compared with clinically normal controls . Brain derived neurotrophic factor  is a member of the ‘neurotrophin’ family of growth factors related to the nerve growth factor, which is critical for the survival and maintenance of sympathetic and sensory neurons .
Total laryngectomy results in a variety of functional changes including the loss of normal laryngeal voice and alterations in swallowing physiology . Current literature recognizes tracheoesophageal  voice restoration as the preferred alaryngeal speech alternative in most patients with total laryngectomy. The method depends on the use of a unidirectional valved prosthesis that maintains the TE puncture and also allows pulmonary air flow into the esophagus for phonation while preventing aspiration during swallowing.
The cell surface expressed glucagon like peptide 1 receptor  has emerged as a high value drug target in diabetes. GLP1R is highly expressed on insulin producing pancreatic β cells but unfortunately there is a lack of suitable antibodies that could be used for reliable identification. The fortuitous discovery of GLP1R peptide antagonists from the gila monster has led to the development of different exendin 4  derived therapeutics, many with nM affinity., In addition, certain E4 derivatives are being developed for whole body nuclear imaging or intraoperative imaging.
Variation in patient outcomes is attributable to variation in individual patient attributes, variation in care processes and structures, and random variation. Though patient attributes have the greatest impact on ultimate outcomes,  opportunity exists to improve patient outcomes through both refining and reducing variability in clinical care processes. By identifying aspects of care with the greatest effect on specific outcomes, clinicians could focus efforts on changes in care with the greatest clinical impact, even among patients at low risk of experiencing suboptimal outcomes.
Colorectal cancer is the second most common cause of cancer related death in the United States. In 2009, an estimated 106,100 new cases will be diagnosed and 49,920 deaths will occur. Recent evidence suggests that there are gender related differences in the development of colonic carcinomas.
Fractures are a common consequence of falls in older adults that occur when the applied load exceeds bone strength. Bone strength is influenced by extrinsic factors such as physical activity and the bone’s habitual mechanical loading environment. Consistent with this theory, prospective in vivo animal loading models have shown that mechanical loads eliciting strain above a specific threshold initiate bone formation that improves bone strength .
The hepatitis C virus  is the most common blood borne infection and affects approximately 2% of the U.S. population . HCV causes inflammation of the liver that can be characterized by liver enlargement, fibrosis, cirrhosis, abnormal liver function, and other symptoms. Pain conditions in HCV patients are also common.
Current investigations of cell cycle progression and arrest typically make use of endpoint measurements in fixed cells. Bulk analysis eliminates the ability to observe variability within a population; synchronization procedures may irreversibly interfere with normal cycle progression; and fixation gives only a snapshot of a truly dynamic process. One method that has been shown to glean new information with regard to cell cycle kinetics is the use of fluorescent biosensors to monitor cell cycle durations in tissue culture cells,  as well as in embryo and animal models.
Prostate cancer is the most frequent solid cancer in older men in the Western world, representing one of the most frequent causes of cancer deaths, and is now emerging in developing countries as well . Previous reports have shown Axl to have transforming potential when overexpressed . Axl is deregulated in several types of cancer and has been implicated with aggressive phenotype, migration, invasion and tumor progression, suggesting that Axl may be a relevant therapeutic target for cancer .
The term “syndemics” refers to multiple, overlapping adverse health conditions that affect each other synergistically within a population. The term was introduced by Merrill Singer  following its description by Wallace in the late 1980s . Singer’s original model, which grew from his work with drug users, included as syndemic factors substance abuse, violence, and AIDS, shortened to SAVA; subsequent investigators have added other conditions, such as childhood sexual abuse and sexual compulsivity, to their syndemic models  e.g., Parsons et al., Interest in syndemic associations in public health has grown in recent years, particularly among men who have sex with men .
The ability to accurately estimate a molecule’s properties given molecular structure has been a goal for over a century. Methods to estimate molecular properties continue to have great relevance. For model building and testing we used two publicly available mutagenicity data sets.
Patients with chronic liver disease  often show hepatic encephalopathy , a complex neuropsychiatric syndrome. In the early phases, known as minimal hepatic encephalopathy , patients do not show evident symptoms of encephalopathy, but show mild cognitive impairment, attention deficits, psychomotor slowing and impaired bimanual and visuomotor coordination which can be unveiled using psychometric tests . Both MHE and clinical HE reduce quality of life and life span of the patients  .
Stress is a potent motivator of opiate seeking and relapse . Intact GABAergic transmission in the extended amygdala is critical for normal inhibition of affective behaviors and conditioned associations, which, if over expressed, could appear as pathological states such as anxiety disorders and addiction . Neurons containing the μ OR express GABA in reward associated limbic  and antinociceptive brainstem regions .
Mesencephalic astrocyte derived neurotrophic factor , an endoplasmic reticulum  stress protein , was first purified from the conditioned medium of a ventral mesencephalic cell line 1  . Subsequent studies have shown that MANF protein does not contain this arginine rich region . MANF belongs to the same family of evolutionarily conserved proteins as the conserved dopamine neurotrophic factor  .
Familial Amyloidosis of Finnish type  is a rare type of autosomal dominant hereditary amyloidosis associated with variant gelsolin. Thus far only three causative mutations in the GSN gene have been reported, two resulting from change of aspartate at position 214 to either asparagine or tyrosine  and one from replacing glycine with arginine at codon 194  . The distinct clinical features of FAF include cranial neuropathy, corneal lattice dystrophy, distal sensorimotor neuropathy and skin changes.
Migraine is a chronic neurovascular disorder characterized by recurrent episodes of severe unilateral throbbing head pain and associated symptoms, such as photophobia . Mechanistic studies in the field of migraine pathophysiology are hampered by the lack of appropriate animal models. We have developed a transgenic mouse that displays a migraine like behavioral phenotype, the nestin/hRAMP1 mouse .
The collective term “homing” refers to the early stages of bone marrow  seeding by hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells  after transplantation, which precedes engraftment, proliferation, and differentiation of these cells. While SDF 1 secreted by BM stroma chemoattracts intravenously infused CXCR4+ HSPCs, VCAM 1 expressed on BM endothelium interacts with and tethers VLA 4 + HSPCs  . In addition, SDF 1 activates adhesion molecules on HSPCs , which promotes their adhesion and upregulates secretion of metaloproteinases  by these cells.
Although recent trends suggest a decline in substance use among middle school students in the United States, their level of use remains a concern. Fidelity of implementation of school based curricula has been repeatedly associated with achieving expected outcomes . Although a certain amount of adaptation may be unavoidable , or may even enhance the fit between a program and its intended audience , and despite multiple challenges to the successful translation of research to practice in school settings , program providers are generally advised to implement their curricula with high fidelity .
MicroRNAs  are small  single stranded RNA molecules that bind to messenger RNA and block subsequent protein production by either inhibiting translation machinery or inducing message degradation, depending on the degree of complementarity . The resulting stem loop pre miRNA is exported to the cytoplasm by Exportin 5 , where it is further processed by the endonuclease Dicer into a 2025 nt double stranded RNA molecule . Based on sequence homology, each miRNA has the potential to regulate the translation of hundreds of different genes , and greater than 30% of all mammalian genes may be regulated by miRNAs  .
Chronic HCV infection is a worldwide health problem which can lead to chronic hepatitis, cirrhosis, and end stage liver disease . The virus has a plus stranded RNA genome with a single long open reading frame containing 5′ and 3′ flanking non translated nucleotide regions that are important for translation and replication. Standard treatment of patients with chronic HCV includes alpha interferon and Ribavirin for 24 48 weeks, depending on HCV genotype.
Mortality from sudden cardiac death  is notoriously high within the first month after acute myocardial infarction  and remains high in the first six months thereafter. Post MI and congestive heart failure , its frequent complication, are both conditions characterized by sympathetic hyperactivity that is so important in triggering potentially life threatening cardiac arrhythmias that in selected patients with CHF, some investigators even propose ablating the stellate ganglion. Ample evidence nevertheless shows that in CHF, vagal activity protects against SCD, through its direct antiarrhythmic action mediated by nitric oxide.
The vast majority of Mendelian inherited epilepsy genes encode ion channels ), leading to a central hypothesis that genetically altered channel function lowers seizure threshold. In contrast, two human epilepsy genes do not encode ion channels. Mutations of LGI1 are found in many families with Autosomal Dominant Partial Epilepsy with Auditory Features  .
Childhood obesity is not only associated with increased risk of metabolic diseases, but also with a range of behavioral/psychological disorders, including depression , anxiety , poor learning , and attention deficient disorder . However, it is difficult to separate cause and effect with psychological diagnosis as there is evidence that the stigma associated with obesity increases the risk for behavioral disorders . Furthermore, the relative contribution of early programming events caused by maternal obesity, diabetes and diet on behavioral and metabolic disorders in offspring remains unclear.
Stability of human movements is one of their most crucial characteristics for success in changing and unpredictable external conditions. According to this hypothesis, a neural controller acts to limit variance at the level of elemental variables to a sub space  within which performance variables specific to a task do not vary . In this method, the inter trial variability of elemental variables is analyzed within the UCM, VUCM , and orthogonal to it, VORT .
Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 3 , which is also known as Machado Joseph Disease, is an age related neurodegenerative disease that belongs to the family of polyglutamine  dependent disorders, . SCA3, considered to be the most common dominantly inherited ataxia in the world, is caused by an abnormal CAG expansion in the ATXN3 gene that is normally 1242 repeats in length, but is expanded to ~5284 repeats in diseased individuals. PolyQ expansion occurs in the protein ataxin 3, a deubiquitinase  that is involved in protein quality control.
The 26S proteasome is a multicatalytic enzyme complex that degrades ubiquitinated proteins via an ATP dependent mechanism. Bortezomib  is a peptide boronate inhibitor of the proteasome that received FDA approval for the treatment of multiple myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma. Its success has prompted the development of structurally distinct proteasome inhibitors , including NPI 0052 , which is an orally active irreversible PI that is distinct from bortezomib in terms of its effects on the proteasome's three active sites and its mechanisms of action .
The prevalence of obesity in America has reached epidemic proportions. Inadequate energy expenditure  and excessive energy intake can lead to an increased risk of obesity, as well as, cardiovascular disease, diabetes and cancer. Therefore, the purpose of this study is to present an overview of the literature on exergaming, a new genre of videogames that are geared towards promoting physical activity, and its effect on EE .
Acute myeloid leukemia  accounts for 17% of all childhood leukemia . Recent risk adapted therapeutic approaches, including the use of cytarabine , anthracyclines and etoposide, together with improved supportive care, have increased survival rates to 60 70% . Nevertheless, up to 40% of patients still suffer from relapse or refractory disease .
Iron  is an essential element for all mammalian cells and is the most plentiful transition metal in the human body. Oxidative stress is a common denominator of a wide range of cardiovascular disorders. Fe chelators have been tested in numerous cardiovascular diseases .
Borderline personality disorder  is a complex and serious mental disorder characterized by emotional dysregulation and aggressive behavior . Impulsive aggression can manifest in a variety of behaviors, including destruction of property, assault, domestic violence, self injurious and suicidal behavior, or substance abuse  . Moreover, aggressive children with a blunted prolactin response to fenfluramine were more likely to have relatives with aggression than those with a normal responses .
Incidence of head and neck cancer  is estimated to account for approximately 5%  of all new cancers in the United States for the year 2012 . Usually, most HNC begins from squamous epithelium as squamous cell carcinomas, in either keratinized tissue or non keratinized mucosa of the head and neck . Even though regional cervical lymphatic metastases are common in HNC, distant  metastases may also occur  .
While testicular germ cell tumors  are the most common malignancy in young men, germ cell tumors in women are uncommon. Familial clustering, epidemiologic evidence of increased risk with family or personal history of TGCT, and associations with genitourinary tract anomalies suggest an underlying genetic predisposition to TGCT, but traditional linkage studies have yet to identify a highlypenetrant TGCT cancer susceptibility gene. In this paper, we investigate the familial occurrence of testicular and ovarian germ cell tumors .
EpsteinBarr virus , a γ herpesvirus, infects and maintains lifelong latency in human B cells. LMP1 promotes B cell survival by functioning as a dysregulated CD40 mimic, inducing abnormal cellular proliferation, activation and resistance to apoptosis. Signaling via the LMP1 C terminal cytoplasmic domain results in amplifed and sustained activation of several cell survival pathways, including nuclear factor κB  transcriptional regulators and the kinases PI3K /AKT, JNK , ERK  and p38 .
Current regulations focus only on individual participants. If IRBs focus only on risks to individual research participants, they fail to apply fully the principle of beneficence, because the scope of this principle can extend beyond the individual participants in the research. Ethics reporting in systematic reviews has received little attention .
Radiotherapy  is one of the primary treatments for prostate cancer. Approximately 50% of patients are treated with radiotherapy either alone or in combination with other therapies . Data from Cancer of the Prostate Strategic Urologic Research Endeavor  identified that 63% of patients experienced biochemical PSA recurrence after RT .
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 3  has received considerable attention due to reports that it is constitutively activated in a number of human cancers and cancer cell lines . Stat3 was originally described as the acute phase response factor in the innate immune response, mediating signals from interleukin 6  and its receptor . Unphosphorylated Stat3  complexes with unphosphorylated NF κB resulting in the transcription of κB dependent genes.
Systemic Lupus Erythematosus  is an autoimmune disease classically associated with a loss in immune tolerance that leads to the production of a complex array of autoantibodies that predominantly recognize nuclear material. We have utilized a congenic dissection strategy to characterize the individual genetic components that interact to drive the development of severe pathology in murine models of SLE. Our initial studies focused on the NZM2410 strain, which is a congenic recombinant inbred strain derived from a backcross of NZB onto NZW.
Dysregulation of signaling pathways mediated by phosphoinositide 3 kinase  and PKC have been implicated in the development of colorectal cancer . Serving as a major regulator downstream of PI3K, Akt promotes tumor growth by promoting cell proliferation and inhibiting apoptosis . In addition, upregulation of PKC βII contributes to tumorigenesis of colon cancer by inducing hyper proliferation .
Fragile X associated tremor/ataxia syndrome  is a neurodegenerative disorder caused by premutation CGG expansion  of the fragile X mental retardation 1  gene. Neuropathological examination shows numerous eosinophilic mRNA containing intranuclear inclusions in neurons and astrocytes of FXTAS brain . A recent neuropathological case series of 8 autopsied female premutation carriers  reported Alzheimer disease  type neuropathology in 4 women    including one woman without clinical AD symptoms, suggesting a high prevalence of AD type neuropathology in association with the FMR1 premutation.
Hermann von Helmholtz argued that perception is based on a process he called unconscious inference that, according to him, involved the unconscious formation of hypotheses as to what external objects may have given rise to an observed pattern of nervous stimulation . Few paradigms illustrate this point as convincingly as that of ambiguous perception. Here an observer is presented with a particular visual pattern that has two  plausible external world interpretations .
After spermatogenesis in the testis, spermatozoa pass sequentially through the caput and corpus epididymidis and are retained in the cauda epididymidis where they are stored until ejaculation . As sperm migrate through the epididymis, they undergo intrinsic biochemical and functional modifications that result in the acquisition of motility and the ability to become capacitated for fertilization . One of these alterations is an increase in the oxidation of sulfhydryl groups of sperm proteins resulting in more disulfide bonds and fewer free sulfhydryls.
In our industrial society, increased noise levels can interfere with communication and learning. The noise levels and reverberation times in today's classrooms commonly exceed recommended levels , hindering communication and putting children at risk for academic failure. Some children seem to have more trouble adapting to background noise than others, and many explanations for these difficulties have been proposed, including the presence of auditory processing disorders , language based learning disorders , attention deficit disorders , or noise exclusions deficits .
The recruitment of participants for clinical trials can be a daunting task; no less important is the recruitment of participants for smaller pilot studies. This was the case in a feasibility study to test a cryotherapy intervention on the microcirculation of skin affected by chronic venous disorders . Although a number of strategies for recruiting participants for large clinical studies are well documented, this process evaluation report describes proactive and reactive recruitment strategies for a small clinical trial.
In the year 2008, it is estimated that breast cancer  would account for 26% of all new cancer diagnoses , and 15% of cancer deaths among women in the United States. A significant proportion of these deaths will be among women of minority race/ethnicity and the medically underserved. , In fact, significant disparities exist in the deaths from BC between African American and Caucasian women.
The prevalence of developmental or behavioral disorders in “healthy” American children is estimated to be 12% to 16%. These data have led the American Academy of Pediatrics  to recommend consistent screening of infants and young children up to 5 years of age . The neurodevelopmental effects of chemotherapy agents can cause subtle delays in the course of overall development that otherwise may be amendable to supportive developmental therapies, which can maximize the quality of life for children affected by pediatric cancer .
Crystallization from solution is a fundamental phenomenon with important scientific and engineering implications. This has additional aspects compared to crystallization from a melt, such as explicit solvation effects, which are also difficult to understand. An interesting prototype system for crystallization studies in NaCl.
Selective inhibitors of the inducible isoform of cyclooxygenase  were developed to provide relief of pain associated with arthritis, surgery, and other conditions, while lowering the incidence of gastrointestinal complications compared to non selective, non steroidal anti inflammatory drugs . However, selective COX 2 inhibitors have been purported to increase the risk of adverse cardiovascular events, such as myocardial infarction, and mortality. One widely prescribed selective COX 2 inhibitor, rofecoxib, was removed from the market in 2004 due to an increased incidence of adverse cardiovascular events observed during the VIGOR trial which examined the effects of rofecoxib on arthritic pain relief.
Smoke free laws and smoking restrictions have been effective in minimizing exposure to environmental tobacco smoke and denormalizing tobacco use. The most popular brands of e cigarettes are shaped like combustible cigarettes and provide a similar look and feel. Because of the similarity between e cigarettes and combustible cigarettes, concerns have been expressed that increasing prevalence of e cigarette use and presence of e cigarettes advertising or media portrayals could potentially undermine smoking denormalization efforts.
Several cytomegaloviruses  infect Old World primate hosts, including green monkey CMV , rhesus macaque CMV , baboon CMV , chimpanzee CMV  and human CMV . Additional CMVs infect New World primate hosts, including owl monkey CMV . Characterization of these gene clusters has not been straightforward.
In 1906 Alois Alzheimer discovered in the brains of a patient suffering from early age onset of dementia, aggregates of a proteinaceus material, later identified to be composed of amyloid fibers. Alzheimer disease  is associated with several genetic defects and the abnormal accumulation of the amyloid β protein  and tau in the form of extracellular  and intracellular  aggregates respectively. In the heart, amyloid degeneration leading to DCM has been limited to three conditions: 1) L chain amyloidosis secondary to multiple myeloma; 2) transthyretin  cardiomyopathy; and 3) desmin cardiomyopathy,.
Approximately 80% of individuals diagnosed with cancer during childhood are expected to survive for at least five years after diagnosis . Improved survival rates have been largely brought about by improvements in multi modal therapy and supportive care. However, increases in survival have not come without cost.
Epidermis, the outermost layer of skin is composed of epithelial cells, primarily keratinocytes associated with specialized cells such as Langerhans cells, melanocytes and Merkel cells. In intact epidermis, a layer of basal keratinocytes adhere to the basement membrane via desmosomes and are non migratory in nature. NMII is known to be expressed as three different isoforms in mammalian cells: IIA, IIB and IIC,,.
Men who have sex with men  bear a disproportionate burden of sexually transmissible infections  in resource rich countries. A substantial decline in rates of many STIs occurred in MSM soon after HIV/AIDS was recognized, but many countries have witnessed a resurgence of STIs among this population . Traditional methods of STI control are clearly failing to control the STI epidemic in MSM and novel strategies to reduce STI transmission require investigation .
Breast cancer is one of the major causes of premature death in women; however, the combination of early detection coupled with improved treatment has significantly improved survival from this disease . Antiestrogens and aromatase inhibitors are highly effective endocrine therapies used for treating early stage estrogen receptor   positive breast cancer. Improvements in the effectiveness of chemotherapies have been obtained using drug combinations and differences in the timing of drug delivery .
Kaposi’s Sarcoma Associated Herpesvirus , also known as Human Herpesvirus 8 , is a more recent member of the Herpesviridae family  etiologically associated with all forms  of Kaposi’s sarcoma  . Classic KS , the topic of this analysis, is a rare vascular tumor mainly observed in elderly Mediterranean individuals. The incidence rate of this tumor varies widely in different geographic areas; in Italy the estimated incidence rate is 0.4/100000 in women and 1/100000 in men ; this rate is higher compared to what is observed in other European areas.
The rates of cell proliferation, cell death and cell differentiation are coordinated with respect to each other to ensure proper development and functioning of an organism . Whether, a cell lives or dies, is regulated to a large extent by the balance between pro  and anti apoptotic members of the Bcl 2 protein family. Biochemical and genetic experiments have indicated that BH3 only proteins trigger apoptosis by binding to pro survival Bcl 2 family members thereby unleashing the Bax/Bak like proteins , but direct activation of Bax/Bak has also been proposed  .
Breast cancer is the most common cause of cancer death among women worldwide, accounting for 458,000 deaths each year. Although the incidence of breast cancer is higher in developed countries, it is on the rise in developing countries., Women in developing countries tend to present with more advanced breast cancer upon initial diagnosis as compared to women in developed countries. Complications associated with late stage diagnosis include decreased treatment options and low chances of treatment success, resulting in high mortality rates .
Cell death in seizures has been observed in in vitro and in vivo models of epilepsy and is the hallmark of hippocampal sclerosis, the commonest pathology associated with epilepsy . This neuronal death is critically dependent upon excessive neuronal activity, as seen in status epilepticus . Such activity induces large ionic shifts with consequent demands for energy substrates to maintain transmembrane ion homeostasis.
Total Variation  based strategies, which were originally designed for denoising of images  have recently gained wide interest for many MRI applications beyond denoising. Examples include regularization for parallel imaging , the elimination of truncation artifacts , inpainting of sensitivity maps , their use as a regularization method for undersampled imaging techniques within the compressed sensing framework  as well as in iterative reconstruction of undersampled radial data sets . TV models have the main benefit that they are very well suited to remove random noise, incoherent noise like artifacts from random subsampling and streaking artifacts from undersampled radial sampling, while preserving the edges in the image.
Adenocarcinoma of the gastroesophageal junction  is increasingly prevalent in industrialized countries, with a 6 fold rise in the United States from 19752000 . For a minority of patients with HER2 positive cancers, the addition of trastuzumab does improve survival . New therapeutic agents exploiting novel targets are desperately needed to improve clinical outcomes in this disease .
Serotonin  is a neurotransmitter involved in a large number of physiological processes including motility and secretion in the digestive system. Enteric neurons and enterochromaffin cells  within the intestinal epithelial layer store approximately 95% of the 5 HT within the vertebrate body. IPANs synapse with interneurons and motor neurons within the submucosal and myenteric plexuses to create peristaltic and secremotor responses while primary afferent extrinsic neurons communicate with the central nervous system, creating visceral sensation including nausea and discomfort.
Migration is population movement from one country, region, or other place of residence to another location. Previous research has also documented that the discrimination and perceived unfair treatment encountered by migrants in their new destination may cause anxiety which contributes to mental and physical illnesses  . They use an empowering model of behavior  to deal with the discrimination rather than a coping model .
Almost 6% of the world's adult population now lives with diabetes mellitus. Type II diabetes mellitus , i.e. non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, represents over 80% of all diabetics and is dramatically increasing in incidence as a result of changes in human behavior and increased body mass index . T2DM are often associated with non alcoholic steatohepatitis  , .
Resistin is a hormone that was originally identified in the adipose tissue with physiological roles in promoting insulin resistance and linked to obesity with insulin resistance . Recently, a new family of Resistin like molecules including Relm α, Relm β and Relm γ have been identified . This group of Relm proteins share sequence homology with resistin and contain highly conserved C terminal cysteine residues, which support the assembly of disulfide dependent multimeric units .
Schistosomiasis remains prevalent in tropical developing countries where an estimated 600 million people are at risk for exposure . Although these intervention programs, especially when combined with aggressive surveillance, help to curtail transmission for the short term, re infection in both snail and human populations however poses a challenge for the long term control of the disease. The outcome of the snail/schistosome interaction is governed by the genetic make up of both the snail and parasite  with successful miracidial development occurring only in susceptible/compatible but not resistant/incompatible snails.
Glutamate is the major excitatory neurotransmitter in the CNS, and regulates the excitability of neurons by activating ionotropic and metabotropic  glutamate receptors . mGluRs are G protein coupled receptors, and are divided into three groups  on the basis of sequence homology, G protein effector coupling  and agonist pharmacology . Group I mGluRs , especially mGluR5, play an important role in the regulation of neuronal excitability and synaptic plasticity .
Streptococcus agalactiae or Lancefield's group B Streptococcus  is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality among neonates in the United States. Of the many serotypes that colonize humans, Ia, Ib, II, III and V cause the majority of invasive GBS disease, with serotype III most commonly associated with meningitis in infants. A correlation between neonatal GBS disease and low maternal levels of antibody to the capsular polysaccharide  of GBS led to several clinical trials with purified CPS as vaccines, culminating in immunization of pregnant women with purified type III CPS.
Entry of adenovirus into a host cell and the replication of the linear, double stranded DNA viral genome inundates the cell with what may be sensed as double stranded DNA breaks, regions of single stranded DNA, and stalled replication forks . Adenovirus inhibits multiple steps of the DDR pathway. The MRN complex is inhibited by the adenoviral E1B 55K/E4orf6 protein complex that targets Mre11 for degradation and by the adenovirus serotype 5 specific E4orf3 mediated sequestration of MRN protein members into nuclear tracks and cytoplasmic aggresomes .
The cholinergic neurons of the nucleus basalis , which provide the major source of cholinergic innervations to the cerebral cortex and play a key role in memory and attention, are particularly vulnerable in Alzheimer's disease  . Therefore cholinergic ionotropic  and metabotropic  receptors remain major drug discovery targets for the treatment of AD . Previous studies have shown that the predominantly post synaptic M1 receptor, which is expressed throughout the cortex and hippocampus  plays a key role in regulating cognition .
Paraoxonase 1  is a high density lipoprotein   associated serum enzyme that has anti oxidant and anti atherogenic properties . Secretion of PON1 requires specific desorption by HDL  . Gender has also been reported to influence serum PON1 activity in animal studies.
The extent and rate of spread of emerging diseases has important consequences for public health, as well as animal management and conservation. Understanding the environmental drivers of disease spread is essential for effective management of disease risks. Lyme disease  is caused by the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi which is primarily vectored by Ixodes scapularis  in North America.
Aldehydes are highly reactive compounds that can lead to cellular toxicity through their ability to form adducts with a variety of cellular nucleophiles found in proteins, nucleic acids, as well as small molecule metabolites. ALDH2 is the primary enzyme involved in the oxidation of acetaldehyde during ethanol metabolism and a single nucleotide polymorphism  results in an enzymatically crippled protein , in which acetaldehyde, derived from ethanol oxidation, accumulates and induces alcohol toxicity,. Alterations in ALDH1A1 and ALDH2 expression or activity may play a role in Parkinson’s Disease through the metabolism of the neurotransmitter dopamine, leading to increased levels of neurotoxic aldehydes, including 3,4 dihydroxyphenylacetaldehyde.
Single shot echo planar imaging  has become the standard pulse sequence for diffusion weighted imaging of the brain due to its high speed and efficiency. Unfortunately, EPI suffers from significant image artifacts primarily due to inhomogeneities in the main magnetic field, which although mild in some areas of the brain make measurements of diffusion parameters or fiber tractography in other regions impossible  . Rapid diffusion encoding and traversal of k space minimize the T2 dephasing that degrades the image quality.
In resource limited settings, nevirapine  based regimens are often used for prevention of mother to child transmission of HIV 1 . , On going studies are evaluating whether selection of minority variants with NVP resistance mutations in children who were HIV infected despite NVP based prophylaxis compromises their subsequent treatment with an NNRTI containing regimen. Cost and other factors limit the availability of resistance testing in resource limited settings.
Visual cues are known to significantly impact speech perception; when one can both hear a speaker’s utterance and concurrently see the articulation of that utterance , speech comprehension is more accurate  and less effortful  than when only auditory information is available. The behavioral gain observed when processing information via multiple sensory modalities is governed by a number of factors, with one of the more important being the relative effectiveness of the stimuli that are paired. This concept of “inverse effectiveness” implies that the primary benefits of multisensory integration take place when the individual stimuli provide weak or ambiguous information.
Much remains to be learned about the impact of current era treatment regimens for high risk neuroblastoma  on the patient experience. Administrative databases such as the Pediatric Health Information System  database are well established resources for addressing clinical questions. Methods for assembly of pediatric leukemia cohorts using PHIS have been established .
Cell population level signals are important in the study of brain physiology because they index activity across many scales of time and anatomy, can be measured non invasively at the scalp as well as intracranially and can reveal large scale interactions in the brain . A sobering reminder that the inverse problem extends well beyond the discrimination of cortical sources is the recent observation that signals generated by the eye muscles during saccades can be mistaken for scalp EEG activity in the gamma band . Recent work has placed some some qualifications on this assumption.
Vertebrate retinal development is a complex process that involves the coordination of morphogenetic tissue movements with gene expression. For example, in zebrafish, tbx5 is expressed continuously in the presumptive dorsal retina starting from the early optic vesicle stage at 12 hours post fertilization , while vax2 is expressed in the ventral retina and optic stalk starting from 12 hpf . The sequence of events leading to ventral retinal identity is initiated when Sonic hedgehog  from the ventral midline triggers the expression of ventral retinal transcription factors, including Vax2 .
Motion estimation is critical to many modern signal processing algorithms. In this paper we will focus on the algorithms, also called pattern matching algorithms, that estimate changes in positions by comparing a sequence of images to a reference image . The computational cost of this approach can be significant.
Organophosphorus  insecticides 1 are a relatively safe group of agricultural chemicals used extensively in plant and crop protection and include malathion, chlorpyrifos, parathion, methyl parathion, and diazinon . The thionate linkage also confers hydrolytic stability owing to increased electron density at phosphorus. Parathion itself is an inherently weak cholinesterase inhibitor with an IC50 in the range of 10−4 to 10−5 M  but its biotransformation to the reactive metabolite paraoxon  affords a potent inhibitor of AChE  .
Hibernation is an adaptive strategy of reduced metabolic demand and greatly limited mobility that conserves energy during periods of low food availability in highly seasonal or unpredictable environments . In humans and most mammals, physical inactivity leads to loss of muscle strength and mass. The energy cost of increased anabolism was suggested as an important trade off with the adaptive mechanisms that allow bears to maintain full musculoskeletal function and preserve mobility during and immediately after hibernation, thus promoting survival .
Crickets in the family Gryllotalpidae are commonly known as mole crickets, aptly named for their largely subterranean lifestyle and accompanying morphology , giving them some similarities with moles . They are known to cause damage to golf courses, lawns, pastures, and the rising turf grass industry . A recent report from the California Department of Food and Agriculture suggested that S. borellii had expanded its distribution to Downey, CA , while a recent agricultural brief  indicates invasive mole cricket presence in Imperial County, CA  .
Most epidemiologic studies have found a positive association between alcohol intake and breast cancer incidence . This relationship appears to be modest in magnitude, yet consistent across a variety of populations and study designs. In addition to being implicated in breast cancer incidence, these hormone and peptide measures may also promote recurrence and poor prognosis among women diagnosed with breast cancer  however, we are not aware of published research examining the relationship between alcohol and these serum measures in women with a previous diagnosis of breast cancer .
Dr. Per Ingvar Brånemark introduced the method of direct skeletal attachment of limb prostheses in the 1980s . Extensive multidisciplinary studies have been conducted in different countries to improve the safety and longevity of the technology .
Juvenile criminal offending is a significant social and public policy concern, with approximately 1 million adolescents in the United States formally processed within the justice system each year . Moreover, substance use has been shown to maintain offending behavior , with bi directional relations between substance use and offending that form a “drug crime cycle”  . Substance use itself involves illegal behaviors , and these activities may also maintain adolescents’ membership in an antisocial peer network, within which social norms and opportunities support criminal offending.
Since shortly after the discovery of immunoglobulin D , its main role in the immune system has been believed to be as a B cell receptor  , for review see . Surface expression of IgD varies with B cell subset. It is highest in long lived recirculating B cells that are abundant in follicles of the spleen  and lymph nodes , on which mIgD levels can exceed those of mIgM by 10 fold .
The formation of multispecies biofilms is influenced by three major factors; the nature of the surface to which the biofilm adheres, the composition of the potential colonizing species that will make up the biofilm and the bulk fluid that bathe and sustain the biofilm community. In this communication, we examined the effect of two of those factors, surface  and bulk fluid , on the sequence of species colonization in “dental” biofilms formed on natural teeth or on the “teeth” of full dentures. After an initial professional cleaning, subjects refrained from oral hygiene for 7 days.
In picking an apple off a tree, you move your eyes and head to look at various apples. In this way, target selection commonly is assumed to be the first step in a sequential process that guides goal directed reaching. Alternatively, however, your choice of which apple to take might be based in part on which hand you prefer to use .
In vitro studies show that prolonged infection of macrophages with Mycobacterium tuberculosis  or M. bovis BCG  inhibits IFN gamma induced expression of class II transactivator  and MHC II , as well as a subset of other IFN gamma induced genes , and results in decreased MHC II antigen presentation . This mechanism has been demonstrated with murine bone marrow derived macrophages , murine alveolar macrophages  and human monocyte derived macrophages and THP 1 cells . The inhibition involves blockade of IFN gamma induced chromatin remodeling at the CIITA promoter .
Among 40 million people worldwide infected with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus , approximately 5 million are also co infected chronically with the hepatitis C Virus  . Psychiatric toxicity occurs within the first few months of treatment and may affect up to 50% of all patients receiving PegIFN α based therapy . Previously, a diagnostic biomarker panel has been described as able to predict emergent psychiatric toxicity in patients co infected with HIV and HCV undergoing PegIFN α/RBV treatment .
Structurally diverse small molecules serve as selective agents to dissect complex cellular signaling pathways dysregulated in disease. , N containing heterocycles are commonly occurring structural motifs in natural products as well as pharmacophores in top selling drugs. , Not surprisingly, they continue to be the inspiration for core scaffolds for library synthesis in modern day drug discovery .
The behavioral and neuromodulatory effects of dopamine are mediated via D1 like and D2 like dopamine receptors, members of the G protein coupled receptor family . The dopamine D1 receptor is highly expressed in striatal regions of the brain  and is coupled to stimulatory G proteins . Activation of dopamine D1 receptors results in the activation of adenylate cyclase and subsequent increases in cAMP .
CNC cells are a group of pluripotent cells that delaminate from the neural tube early in embryogenesis and contribute extensively to the formation of vertebrate facial architecture, including cartilage and bone. Dysregulation of CNC development can lead to dramatic congenital defects such as orofacial clefting. Further, epigenetic mechanisms may explain variability in phenotypic penetrance of genetic mutations that affect craniofacial development and mediation of environmental factors .
Extensive preclinical and clinical investigations of atherosclerosis link inflammation to plaque progression and complications. While several imaging methods can assess plaque structure, few can visualize specific molecular and cellular aspects of the inflammatory process. To address this need, rapidly developing molecular sensing strategies may permit visualization of key biological processes in atherosclerosis.
Genomic analyses of malignant disease are intended to distinguish the molecular features that underlie carcinogenesis and identify clinical targets. This complexity is likely to result, in part, from different genetic backgrounds and environmental exposures of the patients. A decade or more can elapse between the resection of the primary tumor by prostatectomy, detection of overt metastases, and death from castration resistant  disease.
Mammalian target of rapamycin  signaling has emerged as a central mechanism in controlling many physiological processes in mammalian cells. However, specific functions of the two mTOR containing complexes, mTORC1 versus mTORC2, at the tissue level in whole organisms are just beginning to be understood. Early studies in cell culture showed that mTORC2 controls actin cytoskeleton through modulating PKC α.  Prx1 Cre mice, as reported, were purchased from Jackson Laboratory .
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that is characterized by the selective loss of upper and lower motor neurons. The mechanisms leading to the degeneration of motor neuron are still unknown. However there are several hypotheses underlying the disease process including oxidative stress, glutamate excitotoxicity, impaired mitochondrial function, and aberrant protein folding .
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma  is a relatively rare head and neck malignancy in the United States. In contrast, certain southern regions of China have an incidence as high as 50 cases per 100,000 per year. NPC is particularly interesting because of its unique genetic, viral, and environmental factors.
In response to encounter with self antigen, autoreactive B cells may undergo secondary L chain gene rearrangement and edit their antigen receptor specificity by expression of a new L chain . VH replacement may occur during early B cell differentiation at H chain alleles with a nonproductive VDJH rearrangement . In mice, the relative frequency at which rearranged VH genes may be targeted for replacement has been estimated to be 1 7% based on the recovery of dsDNA breaks at cRSS sites in VH1 and VH5 genes relative to the recovery of breaks at the JH2 RSS .
Sarcopenia encompasses the loss of muscle mass and function with age, and occurs in a variety of species . The loss of muscle mass at older age has significant ramifications for the individual’s health, and impaired muscle strength has been implicated in increased incidence of falls, disability and all cause mortality in humans . Skeletal muscle contains four proteolytic systems: 1) the lysosomal system, 2) the caspase system, 3) the calpain system, and 4) the proteasome.
One of the major concerns regarding the use of radioprotective agents is that, while they protect cells from the acute effects of radiation, the surviving cells and their progeny are at an increased risk for delayed radiation induced genomic instability. Genomic instability has been detected after both low  and high linear energy transfer  radiation exposure . The severity of the effect depends on a variety of factors including genetics and radiation quality .
Neuromyelitis optica  is a chronic inflammatory demyelinating disease that has long been considered a variant of multiple sclerosis . The most characteristic feature of NMO, however, is the destruction of astrocytes and their foot processes in early lesions, substantiating the cardinal role of astrocyte pathology in disease. Anti AQP4 antibodies are found in the sera of around 75 % of NMO patients, depending on the sensitivity of the assay applied .
Lung cancer is the second most common cancer and the leading cause of cancer related death in men and women in the United States . Ecologic studies suggest that lung cancer mortality is lowest in patients diagnosed during the summer and autumn months, the time of year when vitamin D levels tend to be highest . Vitamin D may influence cancer survival and inhibit tumor progression by suppressing metastasis, proliferation, and angiogenesis, or by promoting apoptosis in cancer cells .
Capnography is a useful monitoring tool during mechanical ventilation and is the standard of care for confirmation of endotracheal tube placement,,,, and for monitoring in the operating room setting,,. Capnography is also useful for monitoring the integrity of the ventilator circuit for early detection of mishaps such as inadvertent extubation,, . There is less agreement about the utility of continuous capnography for ventilated intensive care unit patients.
Natural killer  cells need to be in close contact with tumour cells in order to trigger their cytolytic machinery . Previous studies on NK cell infiltrated tumours have demonstrated that relatively few extravasated NK cells make direct contact with tumour cells and the preponderance of NK cells are often retained in the stroma surrounding the tumour and tumour islets  . In human NK cells, however, the only MMPs described to date are MMP 1,  2,  9, MT1  and MT2 MMP  .
The regulation of enterocyte apoptosis in the newborn intestine plays an important role in determining the balance between mucosal homeostasis and disease. Such regulation may be of particular relevance to the development of necrotizing enterocolitis , a devastating illness of premature neonates that is characterized by exaggerated enterocyte apoptosis leading to severe intestinal injury. In seeking to define the pathways that lead to NEC, we and others have recently identified a critical role for the innate immune receptor Toll like receptor 4  in the regulation of enterocyte apoptosis and the development of this disease.
Among injection drug users , the sharing of injection equipment places users at a high risk for serious health consequences, including acquisition of HIV and hepatitis C. Identifying and examining behavioral risk factors for infection raises crucial issues in the measurement of drug use and associated behaviors . Comprehensive measurement of drug use and risk behavior depends largely on retrospective self reports . Although researchers have attempted to increase the accuracy of these measures, it is generally accepted that illicit drug use  is underreported .
Antigen arrays contain many different molecules, such as proteins, peptides, and carbohydrates, immobilized on a solid support in a spatially defined arrangement. , While antigen arrays are becoming a mainstay of basic and clinical research, improved array design and enhanced capabilities are still needed. First, detection is limited to the antigens found on the array.
Blood oxygenation level dependent  based functional magnetic resonance imaging  has been widely used to study brain function . For instance, identical neural activity may not be able to repeatedly trigger the same BOLD response due to a refractory effect of vascular response . The answer to this question is important because it would examine the possibility that the vascular response from the microvasculature, triggered by local neuronal activity, is a linear system and thus provides a precise measure of neural activity strength; whereas the nonlinear effects observed in the BOLD signal in previous studies are only artifacts from down stream large vessels.
With the continued global trend toward urbanization, management of the growth of cities—and the daily transport of people into and out of those cities—is an increasingly complex and important concern. The challenges of efficiently moving large numbers of people have traditionally been addressed through mass transit infrastructure, and most major cities in the developed world have extensive transit systems. The benefits of these systems include improvements in air and water quality, increased speed of passenger movement, energy conservation, mitigation of climate change, and reductions in acute and chronic illness., Despite these benefits, however, mass transit systems can also present public health hazards when not designed or maintained properly.
The escalating incarceration rate of women has increased attention to female offenders and more specifically to those with substance abuse problems. The number of women in prisons and jails has more than doubled during the 1990's, outpacing the rise in the number of incarcerated men . Research specifically examining the needs of drug dependent female offenders has identified psychological problems, relationship issues , medical problems, sexual and physical abuse history, low employment, poor parenting, and drug use severity as high priority issues .
Aß is continuously produced from the amyloid precursor protein  in brains of normal individuals and patients with Alzheimer’s disease . A key pathological feature in AD patients, deposits of Aß build up for some period prior to the onset of symptoms. Two C terminal length variants, Aß40 & 42 accumulate with age, and form both diffuse plaques lacking glial changes and fibrillar, thioflavin S positive neuritic/glial plaques .
The follicle stimulating hormone, a pituitary glycoprotein, plays a critical role in ovarian follicular development . Null mutation of FSHβ or FSHR gene in mice results in arrest in follicular development at the preantral stage . Numerous studies have shown that FSH regulates follicular development  and follicular estrogen biosynthesis .
GABAA receptors are heteropentameric ligand gated chloride channels responsible for the majority of fast inhibitory neurotransmission in the mammalian brain . Seven subunit families  are known to exist , with αβγ and αβδ isoforms representing the majority of neuronal GABAA receptors . In general, αβγ receptors are targeted to the synapse , while αβδ receptors are targeted to extra  or perisynaptic areas  .
The minipig is emerging as an alternative non rodent model besides NHP and dogs, to be used for radiation countermeasure testing under the FDA animal rule. Such a rule requires that the model is well characterized and predictive of the human condition. We have undertaken a step by step approach to evaluate the suitability of the minipig to replicate the Hematopoietic Acute Radiation Syndrome  observed in humans.
Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder  is among the most common behavioral disorders of childhood with a prevalence of approximately 7.8% in the United States . These early signs of behavioral disinhibition are among the first visible signs of risk for the male dominated alcoholism subtype that begins at a young age, is accompanied by antisocial behavior, and is severe and chronic in course . Relatively few studies of ADHD have assessed alcohol use in a manner that would detect consumption atypical for age.
HIV infects host cells through a process of membrane fusion directed by the viral membrane protein gp41. The hairpin conformation is based on high resolution structures of soluble parts of the gp41 ectodomain that contain the NHR and CHR and has parallel NHR coiled coil structure, with CHR regions packing antiparallel along the three hydrophobic coiled coil grooves in six helix bundle  fashion with high thermostability, . There is good correlation between loss of in vivo fusion by specific FP mutations and reduction of inter vesicle lipid mixing induced by gp41 constructs with these mutations which supports the relevance of these constructs for understanding the structure and function of gp41.
Each year, an estimated 150,000 to 200,000 migrants from Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras enter the United States in search of work opportunities. Of the 8 million unauthorized immigrants from Mexico and Central America currently residing in the U.S., nearly half are men between the ages of 18 and 34 . Roughly 40% of the Mexican and Central American immigrant population currently resides in the state of California  .
The ability to decode movement intent from the cerebral cortex has spurred accelerating development of brain machine interfaces  in the last decade. BMIs provide a way to control an external device directly  or restore limb movement  using cortical signals. Biomimetic BMIs are trained using normal movement, providing an intuitive mapping between body movements and the external effector .
Failing to show  rates are the percentage of patients who fail to appear at their appointments with no, or only a few hours, warning. FTS for dental appointments have important potential ramifications for the dental health care system and patients’ oral health. Published FTS rates for dental appointments in the United States vary from 7.3% at a university based pediatric dental clinic  to 24% FTS of 57 safety net dental clinics in Illinois , to 47.0% at a community pediatric dental clinic .
Progress is being made in developing interventions that are truly effective in preventing or slowing the progression of Alzheimer's disease . Many studies have shown that loss of delayed episodic memory typically occurs early in the disease . In an attempt to study this early stage, the entity of mild cognitive impairment, or MCI, was defined.
A large body of previous work has indicated that children of substance abusing parents are at increased risk for both emotional and behavioral difficulties relative to their same age peers . In addition, these children are more likely to develop similar problems of substance use and abuse as they enter adolescence . Although it is well known that children of substance abusing parents are at greater risk for a multitude of problems, studies also demonstrate considerable variability in their psychological functioning.
Presynaptic modulators often act by altering the probability of transmitter release , which is heterogeneous across the population of a neuron’s presynaptic terminals . Conventionally, measuring synaptic Pr is accomplished by electrophysiological or optical assessments. Both approaches are biased toward sampling the responses of synapses with higher synaptic Pr.
Memory is a process that is vulnerable to degradation with the advancement of age. Studies have demonstrated that there appears to be no significant change in neuronal cell numbers in the prefrontal cortex or hippocampus of humans , primates , or rodents . Similarly, the extent of dendritic branching shows no significant age related decline in the hippocampus of humans , primates , or rodents .
Immunoglobulin M , the first antibody to be secreted during an immune response, is highly effective at neutralizing and agglutinating pathogens, and also activates the classical complement cascade with 1000 fold increased avidity than IgG . This increased avidity is largely due to the pentameric structure of IgM . A receptor for IgM , the Fcα/μR that is closely related to the polymeric Ig receptor  in its ligand binding domain, has recently been identified and shown to be expressed by a subset of B cells and macrophages, but not on granulocytes, T cells, or NK cells in the mouse spleen .
DNA has considerable potential to form structures other than canonical Watson Crick duplexes, with potentially profound consequences for genomic stability. I was thinking of adding reviewer concern about other structures here, but maybe the Discussion is better? Deficiencies in factors that recognize or resolve G4 DNA structures cause genomic instability leading to cancer.
Mesenchymal stem cells  are multipotent progenitors that have been isolated from a variety of adult tissues and are capable of self renewal as well as differentiation into bone, fat, and cartilage under specific culture conditions . Osteogenic differentiation of MSCs is characterised by increased alkaline phosphatase  activity, expression of bone specific markers , bone sialoprotein , and osteopontin ), and the deposition of calcified matrix . The microarchitecture of the scaffold plays an important role in osteogenic differentiation of stem cells in a 3 dimensional environment, as differences in microstructure can influence cell infiltration, nutrient transport, extracellular matrix accumulation, cell cell communications through soluble factors, and vascularisation .
Lymphocyte motility is critical for the development and function of T cells. Overexpression of CCR7 promotes commitment to the CD8 single positive  lineage . CCR7−/− thymocytes also demonstrate defective negative selection .
Prognosis of clinical outcome in oncology determines treatment decisions in patients with early and advanced cancer. Quantitative histopathologic analysis is often limited to mitotic rates  and size and depth of invasive fingers . Morphological analysis based on histopathology, though, is more art than science.
Although alopecia is rarely reported in wild populations of non human primates, it has been a persistent concern in captive populations. The problem has received attention from regulatory agencies in recent years since it appears, at least subjectively, to be related to an animal's health and well being. Several studies report prevalence rates in rhesus macaques , either for individually housed animals or for captive social groups.
Bioflocculants are natural product metabolites produced by a wide variety of microorganisms including bacteria, fungi, yeast and algae . They are commonly identified as polysaccharides, proteins, lipids, glycolipids and glycoproteins . Inorganic flocculants include aluminum sulfate, polyaluminum chloride  and ferric chloride.
Heart failure is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States. Variation in outcome for patients with heart failure is in part due to the influence of modifier genes whose multiple alleles differentially affect the heart failure phenotype. To identify genes that modify susceptibility to heart failure, mouse models that rely on variation in genetic background show promise .
The most common cytogenetic abnormality among adults with acute lymphoblastic leukemia  is the Philadelphia  chromosome, found in about 20% to 30% of all cases. Allogeneic stem cell transplant  remains the only curative option for patients with available matched donors who are able to tolerate the procedure. CR was achieved in 82% of the 267 patients included in this trial.
Pituitary tumors  are a diverse group of neoplasms of the pituitary with an estimated prevalence of approximately 15%. While most PTs are asymptomatic, they may compress surrounding structures and secrete abnormal levels of pituitary hormones causing various endocrinologic symptoms. Although pharmacologic and radiation therapies,  are used, surgical resection is the primary treatment of choice for most patients with symptomatic PTs., This approach has been used since 1906 with continued refinement and adoption of microsurgical,  and, more recently, endoscopic techniques.
This study examined the effect of vapor lock on canal debridement efficacy by testing the null hypothesis that there is no difference between a “Closed” and an “Open” system design in smear layer and debris removal using a side vented needle for irrigant delivery . Twenty eight extracted human single rooted teeth were radiographed to ensure that each tooth contained one canal, and that an equal number of narrow  and wide canals  were present in the two experimental groups. Each tooth was decoronated at 17 mm from the anatomical apex.
Acting in several brain regions, neurotrophins and their signaling pathways play significant roles in neuronal excitability, synaptic transmission, models of learning and memory , and responses to drugs of abuse . Neurotrophin signaling cascades have also been shown to play crucial roles in regulating responses to stress in several animal models of depression and antidepressant action  . Midbrain dopamine neurons of the ventral tegmental area  and their projections to the nucleus accumbens , which together form the mesolimbic dopamine system, express neurotrophins and their Trk receptors .
Zinc is the second most abundant transition metal in the body, and it exists in high concentrations within the brain . Although the total concentration of cellular zinc is 100500 μM, the level of intracellular freely available zinc in the picomolar range . However, mice lacking vesicular zinc still show zinc accumulation in degenerating neurons following excitotoxic stimuli, suggesting that zinc may be released from cellular locations other than synaptic vesicles .
With the development of advanced ultrasensitive fluorescence detection methods, it is possible to perform experiments on single biomolecules and particles. There has been a large increase during the last years in the development of 2 dimensional and 3 dimensional single particle tracking methods. In the groups of Berg and Werner, four detectors measure different volumes arranged in a tetrahedral geometry about the focus of a confocal microscope and are used to detect motion of a particle away from the focus.
Examining exposures to mixtures of insecticides is important for understanding the underlying mechanisms of organophosphorus  compound toxicity and assessing aggregate risk. Early studies on OP mixtures in rodents found that exposure to malathion or malaoxon , in combination with compounds that inhibit carboxylesterase , led to a potentiation of MO toxicity , even at doses below those required for biologically significant inhibition of cholinesterase activity  . Significant individual variability in levels of CaE in human liver microsomes has been reported, with activities varying from 5.3  to 44.7 fold, depending on the substrate used for measuring CaE activity .
The Hippo pathway was initially identified through genetic screening in Drosophila as having crucial roles in restricting tissue growth. Moreover, LATS1/2 phosphorylates YAP at S381, which leads to YAP degradation through the β TRCP E3 ligase complex. Un phosphorylated YAP translocates into the nucleus and functions as a transcriptional co activator by binding to the TEAD family of transcription factors.
Autism spectrum disorders are a group of relatively common pervasive neurodevelopmental disorders affecting between 2 6 children per 1000 . Multiple genetic studies of children and adults with autism have indicated various candidate genes, many of them related to immune system function, including C4 null allele and MHC haplotypes B44 SC30 DR4, HLA DR β1, DR4, and DR13 . Other genes that have important roles in regulating the developing immune system, such as MET, PTEN and RELN have also been implicated in autism.. Environmental triggers, such as thalidomide, valproic acid, and prenatal and early postnatal infections have also been associated with autism .
Over the past few decades, the incidence of invasive aspergillosis has risen steadily. It is now the most common invasive mould infection worldwide . Mortality is almost 100% if the disease is left untreated and high  even with therapy .
Many transmembrane signaling proteins in prokaryotes contain a 50 residue HAMP motif, so called because it occurs in histidine kinases, adenylyl cyclases, methyl accepting chemotaxis proteins  and certain phosphatases. The kinase control portion of MCP molecules is highly conserved in sequence  and tertiary structure  and regulates the autophosphorylation activity of the histidine kinase, CheA. The kinase control module typically contains: 4 6 glutamic acid residues that are sites for adaptational modification ; a flexible bundle segment with a glycine hinge; and a hairpin tip that interacts with other MCP molecules, with CheA, and with CheW, a protein that couples CheA to receptor control  .
The public health importance of maternal zinc deficiency is increasingly recognized . Yet, efforts to define the magnitude and distribution of zinc deficiency are hampered by a lack of indicators of zinc status among individuals and populations . In the last 15 years there has been considerable interest in the concentration of metallothionein   in red blood cells , as a potential indicator of zinc status in different populations  including pregnant women .
Endocannabinoids  are lipid metabolites that suppress neurotransmitter release at excitatory and inhibitory synapses by serving as agonist for presynaptic CB1 cannabinoid receptors . We thus sought to construct a model neuronal system in which eCB production and CB1R activation could be studied in a reduced, spatially compact, and genetically malleable system. Of the two best characterized eCBs, N arachidonoylethanolamide  and 2 arachidonoylglycerol , we focused on the latter.
Human endosomal sorting complex required for transport  I is involved in sorting of membrane receptors into multivesicular body  pathway . ESCRT I is also hijacked by many enveloped viruses, including HIV 1, to promote the escape of nascent progeny virions from the infected cells. TSG101, VPS28, VPS37C, and MVB12A/B form a heterotetramer in 1:1:1:1 stoichiometry of the human ESCRT I complex, each of which has been identified in mediating HIV 1 release .
Advances in functional brain imaging techniques have led to the identification of possible neuroanatomical substrates of pain perception. Some studies suggest involvement of areas 3b and 1 , while others implicate area 3a, , and yet others areas 1 and 2 . Mapping thermal pain response with fMRI in humans have identified SI as a potentially important locus of pain processing, but, due to the lack of sufficient spatial resolution, have not resolved nociceptive somatotopy within sub areas of SI .
The central circadian pacemaker in mammals is located in the suprachiasmatic nuclei  of the hypothalamus. It is entrained most potently by photic environmental input via direct and indirect retinofugal projections, which ultimately yield alterations in multiple feedback loops of clock related gene products within SCN cells to effect shifts in their rhythmic output that allow synchronization with environmental light dark cycles . Photic input also induces expression of the immediate early gene, c fos, in retinorecipient SCN cells.
Fluorescence correlation spectroscopy  or fluorescence fluctuation spectroscopy  have emerged as sensitive techniques to monitor a variety of biochemical reactions, such as protein protein interactions,  reaction kinetics,  and equilibrium concentrations. The focused laser beam creates a small open volume element called the probe volume. Most applications of FCS are based on the analysis of the molecular dynamics and the reaction kinetics of fluorescently labeled biomolecules that undergo temporal changes in their diffusion properties.
The prevalence of cancer survivors in the United States  has increased steadily in recent decades due to dramatic improvements in survival resulting from new treatments and early detection. With over 13 million survivors in the US today, understanding the long term health of cancer survivors is of vital public health importance. Second primary cancers  are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in this population, yet the etiology of most second cancers is largely unknown.
Microenvironments built in microfluidic systems provide excellent conditions for single cell experiments due to the controllability of various culturing factors inside the system. For such microenvironments to be useful in biological and chemical experiments, samples should be efficiently and accurately located at the designated positions. An improvement to this barrier method was made by Wlodkowic et al.
Bovine seminal ribonuclease  and several amphibian ribonucleases, including ranpirnase , exhibit innate antitumoral activity . ONC has demonstrated responses in patients with breast, non small cell lung, and esophageal cancer, and unresectable malignant mesothelioma . The ability to retain ribonucleolytic activity in the presence of RI is a primary determinant of the cytotoxicity of BS RNase, ONC, and engineered ribonucleases  .
New onset diabetes mellitus after transplantation  is a widely recognized and serious complication in renal transplant recipients. It has been associated with reduced patient and graft survival, impaired graft function, cardiovascular disease , and atherosclerotic events. Incidence rates vary from 2 to 50% during first post transplantation year, depending on the inclusion and diagnostic criteria.
Chronic increases in the rates of endogenous synthesis of NO have been implicated in the development of several human diseases, including cancer . In the gastrointestinal tract, NO or its metabolites have been linked to the pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel diseases , which often precede colon cancer . However, it remains unknown what concentrations of NO in the colon are pathophysiological.
Malignant tumors of the bladder account for approximately 5% of all new primary cancers diagnosed in the United States, with an estimated 70,980 new cases in 2009 . Seventy percent to 80% of bladder cancer is non muscle invasive bladder cancer . Bacillus Calmette Guérin  is the major choice for intravesical therapy, which includes induction BCG  in a six weeks cycle and maintenance BCG  in three week cycles given 3, 6, 12, 18, 24, and 30 months after iBCG .
Photodynamic therapy  is an emerging therapy for many diseases including cancer, neovascular and hyperproliferative disorders and infections. The excited singlet state PS may also undergo the process known as intersystem crossing whereby the spin of the excited electron inverts to form the relatively long lived  excited triplet state that has electron spins parallel. The PS excited triplet can undergo three broad kinds of reactions that are usually known as Type I and Type II.
In sub Saharan Africa, diseases caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae type b  are important causes of morbidity and mortality in children. Collectively they cause up to 500,000 deaths per year . In 2001, two East African countries, Kenya and Uganda, introduced the conjugate Hib vaccine into their routine immunization schedules with funding from the GAVI Alliance.
Adolescent substance use and misuse continues to be a major public health concern . Approximately 25% of all students in grades 9 through 12 indicate someone has offered, sold, or given them an illegal drug on school property . Among high school seniors reporting prescription drug misuse, approximately 42% indicated they bought drugs from a friend or relative .
As we walk down a crowded street we encounter numerous complex objects over time, many of which are similar at the feature level. How does the visual system represent sets of similar objects or features presented over time? One possibility is to generate discrete, high fidelity representations for every object we encounter.
Activation of G protein coupled receptors  provides an important signaling pathway for neurotransmitters in the brain. Three primary classes of neurotransmitter GPCRs have been described: rhodopsin like , secretin like  and metabotropic, glutamate/pheromone like . The best example is the GABAB receptor, which functions as an obligatory heterodimer of two subtypes, GBR1 and GBR2 .
Injection drug use is a well established risk factor for morbidity and pre mature mortality due to various causes, including HIV infection . A recent systematic review and meta analysis that included over 60 cohorts of persons who inject drugs  demonstrated a pooled crude mortality rate of 2.4 per 100 person years among this population, and found a pooled standardized mortality ratio to be almost 15 times higher among those who inject drugs compared to the general population . Premature mortality among this population results primarily from potentially preventable causes such as accidental overdose, infectious diseases including HIV infection, suicide and injuries  .
Mef2C is a member of the Mef2 family of transcription factors characterized by the MADS  box . The four vertebrate isoforms, Mef2A, 2B, 2C and 2D, which can work in concert with each other as well as with transcription factors other than the Mef2 family to regulate specialized differentiation programs, were first described for myogenesis of skeletal, cardiac and smooth muscles . Mef2C expression level varies at different stages of hematopoiesis.
Assessment of functional capacity is an intrinsic part of determining the functional relevance of response to treatment of cognitive impairment in schizophrenia. Existing methods are highly and consistently correlated with performance on neuropsychological tests, but most current assessments of functional capacity are still paper and pencil simulations. We developed a computerized virtual reality assessment that contains all of the components of a shopping trip .
Posttraumatic stress disorder  can develop in individuals who experience severely traumatic events. Adult women who were abused in childhood show increased adrenocorticotropin hormone  and cortisol reactivity to a psychosocial stressor . Fear potentiated startle is the relative increase in the startle response elicited in the presence of a conditioned stimulus that was previously paired with an aversive stimulus  .
The negative symptoms of schizophrenia are related to a wide range of adverse outcomes, including lower subjective psychological well being , reduced likelihood of illness remission , and impairments in social and vocational functioning . However, the diminished expressivity domain encompasses a broader range of emotion expression that includes affective, linguistic, and paralinguistic indicators . However, much of this early work relied on subjective ratings of prosody.
The phosphorylated derivatives of phosphatidylinositol , called collectively PIs, are eukaryotic cell membrane phospholipids, whose inositol head group is phosphorylated at positions D3, D4 or D5, singly or in all combinations, to yield seven PI metabolites. This ability to undergo acute and reversible phosphorylation makes the phosphoinositides versatile and indispensable membrane anchored signaling molecules that, by recruiting distinct effector proteins onto the cytosol exposed hydrophilic inositol head group, orchestrate diverse and essential cellular processes, including intracellular membrane trafficking and signaling. In mammalian cells, its function is required in coordinating fusion and fission events in the endosomal system,.
A potential recurring challenge to IOP homeostasis is posture change with the consequent gravity dependent changes in cephalic arterial and venous pressures . In humans in the upright position, blood flowing from the heart to the eye and back experiences the force of gravity such that the cephalic arterial and venous pressures are 10   15 mmHg lower than in the supine position , yet the IOP increase in going from upright to supine is only a few mmHg, much smaller than the changes in cephalic vascular pressures  . The modest IOP response to posture change is surprising given the current understanding of steady state IOP as codified in the Goldmann equation: IOP=∕C+EVP where IOP is intraocular pressure, F is the rate of aqueous flow through the anterior chamber, U is the rate of aqueous flow exiting the eye by the uveoscleral outflow pathway, C is the trabecular outflow facility , and EVP is the episcleral venous pressure  .
Integrins, including the β1 integrins, have been linked to tumor progression and the remodeling of extracellular matrix  associated with this progression ]. For example, an invasive phenotype is associated with a shift to expression of α6β1 . In vitro, a function blocking antibody to β1 integrin reverses the malignant phenotype of breast cancer cells grown in three dimensional  cultures .
The blood vascular endothelium in lymphoid tissues controls homeostatic lymphocyte homing and leukocyte recruitment during inflammation, regulates metabolite exchange and blood flow to meet the energy requirements of the immune response, and maintains vascular integrity and hemostasis. These diverse functions require specialization of the endothelium. In lymphoid tissues, the capillary network is thought to be primarily responsible for solute and fluid exchange whereas post capillary high endothelial venules  are specialized for lymphocyte recruitment .
A majority of problem drinkers in the United States that seek help do so byattending Alcoholics Anonymous , and a majority of treatment programs routinelyrefer patients to attend AA . The abstinence based AA social network is an important factor accounting forAA related benefit . , To date, primary interest has focused on the nature and effects of theabstinence support found in the AA social network.
Two general processes are thought to contribute to hepatocellular cancer  prognosis. They are 1: liver damage, monitored by indices such as plasma levels of bilirubin and transaminases such as serum glutamic oxaloacetic acid , and 2: tumor aggressiveness, monitored by indices such as tumor size, tumor number, presence of portal vein thrombosis  and blood alpha fetoprotein  levels . These two general processes may also affect one another.
Young children demonstrate an impressive ability to learn words. Although full knowledge of a word is constructed over a protracted period of time, preschool children add new words to their lexicon at a rate of at least several words per day . However, there is substantial individual variability in vocabulary knowledge; for example, children from more educated families tend to have much larger vocabularies than children from less educated families  .
Coronary heart disease  is the leading cause of death world wide and the burden of heart disease has been growing among economically developing nations . In China, rapid economic development has significantly changed living conditions, nutrition, and health care. Age standardized mortality rates for CHD were 93.3 and 76.4 per 100,000 person years among Chinese men and women in a recent study .
Periodontal diseases are prevalent diseases and are substantial public health burden world wide. They involve the chronic and progressive destruction of the tooth supporting tissues, mainly the alveolar bone and periodontal ligament . EmdogainR is an acidic extract of extracellular enamel matrix, and includes a heterogeneous mixture of mainly hydrophobic polypeptides encoded by several genes .
Considerable work has defined an important role for the neuropeptide oxytocin in social behavior . In rodents, studies have shown that oxytocin is involved in social behaviors including approach, recognition and bond formation . Recently, work has begun to generalize these findings to human social behaviors .
Plakins are multi domain proteins implicated in cytoskeletal regulation, intercellular interactions, and cell signaling . The two major MACF1 isoforms characterized to date, MACF1a and MACF1b, result from alternative splicing . The MACF1 ABD consists of two calponin homology  domains and can bind actin filaments in mammalian cells, whereas the MTBD region can bind to and bundle MTs in transfected cells .
Predominantly uncontrolled studies suggest that there may be a greater risk of subsequent vertebral compression fractures  associated with vertebroplasty and kyphoplasty. To further understand the risk of VCFs, we conducted a population based retrospective cohort study using data from a large regional health insurer . Administrative claims procedure codes were used to identify a treatment group of patients receiving either a vertebroplasty or kyphoplasty  and a comparison group of patients with a primary diagnosis of VCF who did not receive treatment during the same time period.
The dynamin family of GTPases is unique in their ability to exist in multiple oligomerization forms. Dynamin is found in equilibrium as dimers , tetramers , and octamers  , and these structures can assemble into higher order oligomers such as rings and helices  ). The assembly of dynamin into higher order oligomers increases its GTPase activity , which promotes its disassembly .
Unlike mammals, lampreys show regeneration of axons and functional recovery after complete spinal cord transection . While some are consistently “good regenerators”, other neurons “bad regenerators” . Several inhibitory molecules are associated with myelin  and in matrix molecules secreted by reactive astrocytes and oligodendrocytes .
A diverse range of medical conditions influence the structure and function of the hippocampus among older adults. Depressive symptoms and dementia are both very common in older adults . A number of studies have investigated the relation between depression and risk of dementia in older adults, and also the relation between major depressive disorder  and MRI derived volumetric brain measures.
Endometrial carcinoma is the most common gynecologic malignancy in the world. According to the National Cancer Institute , there are 8,010 deaths from endometrial cancer in the United States in 2012. While most patients  can be surgically cured with a hysterectomy, the remaining 20% patients who are diagnosed with advanced or recurrent disease have far worse survival rates and limited adjuvant treatment options , .
Inflammation is an important component of the corneal response to injury. Interleukin 1  has been shown to be an important cytokine in the initiation of corneal inflammation . Binding of IL 1 to its receptor results in several downstream inflammatory effects, including leukocyte extravasation, protease and prostaglandin production, and T cell activation .
Increased consumption of fruits and vegetables  may help decrease disparities in diet related health outcomes. However, vegetable consumption in the US is low, and only 26% of adults meet national recommendations., Vegetable consumption is even lower among minority populations . Vegetables in the “dark green” group, as identified by the US Department of Agriculture, are both cruciferous and leafy .
A prominent form of neural activity that occurs in the absence of external stimulation is persistent activity— often associated with the active maintenance of short term memory information in the brain . Actions that reveal that the item was correctly held and recalled from short term memory are then rewarded. Different experiments have used different types of items to be held in memory.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha  inhibitors are effective in the treatment of juvenile idiopathic arthritis  but may increase infection rates due to immunosuppressive effects. However, evaluation of infection rates in JIA patients treated with these agents is relatively limited, and hypothetical risk is often inferred from adult studies of rheumatoid arthritis  patients. Most documented infections are mild, the majority of which are upper respiratory tract infections .
Under 21 Code of Federal Regulations  Part 312 and 21 CFR Part 812, sponsors of clinical investigations involving an investigational drug or device are required to submit, respectively, an Investigational New Drug  or Investigational Device Exemption  application. An IND/IDE is issued to a sponsor defined as a company, government agency, not for profit organization, or individual investigator . Typically, an IDE allows the investigational device to be used in a clinical study in order to collect safety and effectiveness data required to support a Premarket Approval  application or a Premarket Notification  submission to FDA.
A strong familial and genetic contribution to the etiology of chronic lymphocytic leukemia  has been recognized for many decades . The first genome wide association study  of CLL was carried out among Caucasians in the United Kingdom and detected 6 single nucleotide polymorphisms  that achieved genome wide significance with p values of < 10−7  . These findings were recently replicated in studies of Caucasians from other parts of Europe .
Epithelial ovarian carcinoma  has the poorest survival of all gynecologic malignancies , due predominantly to the presence of disseminated intraperitoneal metastasis . Successful metastatic spread requires concerted regulation of crucial cellular processes, including apoptosis, proliferation, cell cell and cell matrix adhesion, migration, and breakdown of the extracellular matrix . The tumor microenvironment plays a major role in orchestrating the cell behavior .
Mindfulness has been defined as the ability to direct non judgmental attention to one’s present moment experience . Rooted in Buddhist traditions, mindfulness meditation is a foundational practice for reducing psychological suffering . Trait mindfulness has been theorized to be associated with less alcohol use and fewer alcohol related problems because individuals higher in mindfulness may be more aware of internal/external triggers that lead to drinking , less likely to engage in impulsive drinking related behavior , and less likely to drink to avoid negative emotions .
Transfer RNA  genes are ubiquitous in all organisms and have been attractive gene models for evolutionary studies . Each tRNA is conservatively folded into an L shaped tertiary structure required for base pairing of its anticodon triplet to the corresponding codon on the mRNA. Mutations in the anticodon site generate new isoacceptor families comprising tRNAs with different anticodons but still charging the same amino acid.
The etiology of the neurodevelopmental disorder, Autism Spectrum Disorder , likely involves multiple genes interacting with each other rather than a chromosomal abnormality of a single gene . Finally, to enable family wide genetic linkage studies, endophenotype measures should be valid across the life span, for both individuals with and without a diagnosis of ASD . Several endophenotypes have been proposed for ASD.
The long term effects of childhood trauma are vast and well documented. They comprise an array of poor health outcomes including depression , personality disorders , anxiety , eating disorders , post traumatic stress disorder , and suicide attempt . In addition, survivors of childhood trauma are known to engage in risk behaviours and practices associated with HIV infection, including substance misuse , injection drug use , unsafe sex  and sex work  .
The suprachiasmatic nucleus  of the hypothalamus is the location of the master circadian oscillator of mammals . GABAergic synaptic transmission in the SCN is regulated, in part, by the circadian clock since the frequency of spontaneous inhibitory postsynaptic currents, the extracellular GABA concentration, and paired pulse depression at a subset of GABAergic synapses show daily variations . The majority of experimental observations support the conclusion that GABA is an inhibitory neurotransmitter in the SCN.
Innate immunity is recognized to play an important role in the response to viral pathogens. Evidence for the involvement of host gene polymorphisms has been improved by the identification of polymorphisms in HLA genes that influence humoral and cellular  immune responses to rubella vaccine . Of the 11 human TLRs, those central to antiviral innate immunity include TLR3 , TLR7  and TLR4  that are important for viral recognition  .
Recent studies have shown that sexual functioning and sexually related personal distress are weakly related in women, with only a minority of sexual difficulties resulting in significant levels of distress. However, there has been little systematic research to date on which factors moderate the relationship between sexual functioning and sexual distress . Two hundred women  completed surveys assessing sexual functioning, relational intimacy, attachment anxiety, and sexual distress .
Apolipoprotein B mRNA editing enzyme catalytic polypeptide like editing complex 3  proteins belong to a family of host cytidine deaminases with a wide array of biological functions, subcellular localization and tissue expression profiles . Mice transgenic for human A2 develop lung and liver tumors . The most widely studied members are AID, which is critical for generating antibody diversity through ssDNA deamination of the immunoglobulin locus, and APOBEC3  proteins, which act as innate immune barriers to the replication of viruses and endogenous retroelements  .
Recently, our laboratory have reported on the use of PEGylated phospholipids such as poly grafted 1,2 Distearoyl phosphoethanolamine, , to form sterically stabilized micelles  or DSPE PEG2000 plus egg phosphatidylcholine  to form sterically stabilized mixed micelles  as targeted nanocarriers for the delivery of poorly water soluble drugs . Components of these micelles are FDA approved, safe, biocompatible, and relatively nontoxic . These sterically stabilized micelles, because of their low critical micellar concentration  values and most likely because of strong interactions between the acyl chains in the core region, are also relatively stable on dilution .
DAPK1 is a calcium calmodulin dependent serine/threonine protein kinase, which suppresses tumor metastasis via induction of apoptosis and autophagy  . However, the regulation of dapk1 is not fully understood. The C/EBP family of transcription factors regulates energy metabolism, immune response and cell growth and differentiation , .
The basal ganglia and its primary input nucleus, the striatum, are critical for motivation and motor control . The striatum integrates information from the cortex, thalamus, and midbrain, and sends projections to downstream basal ganglia nuclei that regulate thalamocortical motor circuits . Striatal projection neurons, known as MSNs, are GABAergic and can be divided into two sub classes based on their axonal projections and gene expression patterns.
Patient transfers or handoffs between sites of care are common in health care systems and are associated with communication lapses that cause adverse events. Discrepancies in medication prescribing are common lapses that occur during transfer and such discrepancies cause adverse drug events . Standard medication review and reconciliation procedures have been tested to reduce such ADEs in several countries.
Magnetic resonance imaging  is highly sensitive to patient motion. Especially challenging groups include pediatric, uncooperative, and impaired patients. Non Cartesian trajectories allow for longer data acquisition intervals per TR that allow shorter scans.
Rafts are liquid ordered microdomains consisting of specific proteins, cholesterol and sphingolipids in a defined stoichiometry . While raft activation plays a critical role in peripheral macrophage phagocytosis , this has yet to be demonstrated in the brain macrophage, the microglia. Recognition mechanisms are initiated through specific cell surface recognition receptors, depending on the material being cleared.
Ionizing radiation is a locally directed therapy that induces lethal chromosomal aberrations and activates the DNA damage response pathways, including ATM and p53, resulting in cell cycle arrest and apoptosis or mitotic catastrophe . For example, in a study of 23 human carcinoma cell lines treated in vitro with radiation, 91% of the cell lines up regulated one or more of the surface molecules including Fas, intercellular adhesion molecule 1 , mucin 1, carcinoembryonic antigen , and/or major histocompatibility  class I . There is evidence supporting the hypothesis that the immune system itself may play a critical role in the therapeutic efficacy of radiotherapy .
Topoisomerase I in metazoan cell nuclei associates with transcriptionally active regions of the genome , and this attribute maps to the N terminal domain  of the protein , a non catalytic segment of variable sequence ranging from about 200 to 400 amino acids in length. The NTD of Drosophila Topo I  is capable of associating with RNA polymerase II  as judged by pull down experiments , suggesting a mechanism for targeting Topo I to active genes. Moreover, Topo I was found by proteomics approaches to bind directly to the hyperphosphorylated CTD  of Rpb1, the largest subunit of RNAPII .
Public health concerns such as the aging population and the increasing prevalence of obesity are also important issues to hospitals. However, little attention has been given to the interface of obesity and the elderly, largely due to the dearth of studies that include elderly patients. An aging population leads to an increase in geriatric syndromes, such as osteoporosis and its most devastating complication, hip fracture.
Clostridium difficile Infection  is the leading infectious cause of healthcare associated diarrhea. CDI affects more than 500,000 Americans every year and is responsible for nearly 20,000 deaths annually. Mortality rates from CDI increased more than 400% between 2000 and 2004.
Workers in animal confinement facilities are at a greater risk for contracting a variety of lung disorders such as chronic bronchitis, acute respiratory distress syndrome , hypersensitivity pneumonitis, as well as developing asthma or COPD . Those even acutely exposed to these environments show clear signs of airway inflammation . In particular the toll like receptors  TLR2 and TLR4 are crucial to organic dust responses .
Collagen II, a main structural protein of cartilaginous tissues, is first synthesized as procollagen characterized by the presence of an extended triple helical domain flanked by the globular N terminal and C terminal propeptides. These modifications include hydroxylation of proline residues and lysine residues by prolyl 4 hydroxylase  and lysyl hydroxylase , respectively. Following biosynthesis of individual pro α1 chains, their posttranslational modifications, and folding into triple helical structure, procollagen molecules are released from the ER and directed toward secretory pathways .
South Africa has the largest number of HIV infected persons  of any country in the world, with an estimated adult HIV prevalence of 17% . In South Africa, methamphetamine is typically smoked and is locally called “tik” because of the sound produced when it is smoked. Methamphetamine use is most prevalent in the Western Cape province, particularly among individuals who are “Coloured” , and is prevalent across genders and sexual orientations .
Cystic Fibrosis  patients are subject to life long chronic respiratory infections, most commonly with the bacterium Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Periodic exacerbation of symptoms occurs throughout the lifetime of CF patients leading to progressive deterioration of lung function. Phage particles have been detected in the sputa of CF patients .
Carpal tunnel syndrome in one of the most common compression neuropathies, with an estimated lifetime risk of 10% and a prevalence of about 3% . It is generally accepted that repetitive hand motion is a risk factor for CTS  . While the etiology of CTS is in most cases idiopathic, it is known that CTS is a result of increased pressure within the carpal tunnel, which is a confined anatomic space bounded by the carpal bones on the dorsal side, the trapezium on the radial side, the hook of the hamate on the ulnar side and the flexor retinaculum on the volar side .
Information about the visual world is transmitted to the brain in the form of sequences of action potentials in retinal ganglion cells that make up the optic nerve. To date, the maintained discharge has been analyzed for several species, including cat , primate , and goldfish . A fundamental aspect of any description of spike train statistics is stationarity.
Venous thromboembolism  is a disease that encompasses deep veinthrombosis  and pulmonary embolism  with significant morbidity andmortality. Deaths from VTE among these patientsstill occur although not very frequently. The most common reason for emergency admission after totalhip arthroplasty , a major orthopedic surgery as is hip fracture surgery, isthromboembolic disease., A retrospective cohort study examined theimpact of discharge destination in patients undergoing either THA or hip fracture.
The primary function of the mammary gland is to provide sustenance required for optimal growth of offspring who represent the next generation of that mammal. In the mouse, nearly 80% of calories needed for growth and brain development of the neonate is derived from lipids present in the milk primarily as triglycerides . The mammary gland is a heterogeneous tissue that consists of multiple cell types.
In ischemic stroke therapy, thrombolysis of the occluded cerebral artery is the most beneficial approach to effective reperfusion which aims to salvage the ischemic penumbra . Rapid reperfusion, although desired, contributes to secondary injury via a cascade of events including hemodynamic disturbances, inflammatory processes, free radical formation and breakdown of the blood brain barrier  . When severely impaired, there is an increased risk of deleterious vasogenic edema, brain herniation and death .
Immunotherapies have gained momentum in cancer therapeutics following the recent approvals of drugs for the treatment of prostate cancer and melanoma. Clinical observations have indicated that melanoma is an immunogenic tumor , and extended survival data have led to the approval of immune checkpoint inhibitor ipilimumab for the treatment of metastatic melanoma . MDSCs facilitate tumor progression by impairing T and NK cell activation  and by modulating angiogenesis.
Since the U.S. Congress passed the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act  in 1994, herbal products have been the fastest growing segment of the vitamin, mineral supplements, and herbal products industry in the United States. Ginkgo biloba, panax ginseng, kava, Aloe vera, and green tea are among the herbal dietary supplements currently under investigation by the NTP . Nevertheless, it is still a challenge to determine the mechanisms of toxicities or tumor induction elicited by a mixture of many chemical components, such as herbal plants and herbal dietary supplements.
Current treatment guidelines recommend careful monitoring of plasma HIV RNA levels during antiretroviral treatment, with a goal of identifying virologic failure as early as possible and modifying therapy once failure is confirmed. The rationale for this recommendation is twofold. Second, ongoing viral replication in the presence of drug can favor the accumulation of additional resistance mutations, potentially compromising future drug options.
Two recent technological advances in clinical oesophageal manometry were the introduction of practical high resolution manometry  systems and the development of computerized algorithms to display and quantify oesophageal function using pressure topography plots. In the context of oesophageal peristalsis, the resultant highly resolved pressure topography plots facilitate imaging peristaltic contractions in terms of segmental constituents. This contrasts with the conventional approach of localizing measures at arbitrary distances relative to the upper sphincter or oesophagogastric junction  that can unpredictably localize within one or another contractile segment.
Knowledge of the in vivo hemodynamics in cerebral arteries is important to better understand the underlying mechanisms of initiation and progression of cerebrovascular diseases. In particular, hemorrhagic strokes are most commonly caused by the rupture of a cerebral aneurysm . Intracranial aneurysms are pathological dilatations of the cerebral arteries, commonly located at arterial bifurcations near the circle of Willis .
Although glucose is the major energy substrate in the matured brain, substantial use of alternate fuels  may occur under certain conditions, such as fasting or starvation. Studies of cultured cells have shown that acetate is preferentially transported and metabolized by astrocytes, whereas transport  in neurons is minimal . Acetate metabolism by astrocytes is strongly supported by 13C isotopic labeling kinetics and 13C isotopomer patterns of cerebral amino acids labeled from 13C acetate .
Both enzymatic and non enzymatic proteins can bind small molecules, but enzymes catalyze reactions and have a fundamentally different role from non enzymes, which may have an impact on their recognition of ligands. Do these two types of binding events have the same physical characteristics? The PDB is the source of all structures used for docking and scoring development by academics.
The β lactam antibiotic ceftriaxone  displays efficacy in animal models of CNS diseases  through a mechanism involving activation of glutamate transporter subtype 1  . Preclinical studies indicate that CTX is also efficacious against adverse effects of drugs of abuse; for example, CTX reduces the reinforcing and drug seeking properties of cocaine, inhibits the rewarding and locomotor activating effects of amphetamine, reduces the analgesic tolerance and physical dependence produced by morphine, and attenuates the analgesic tolerance that develops during repeated nicotine exposure . A well documented neuropharmacological effect of psychostimulants is behavioral sensitization, which is present in cases in which repeated drug exposure produces enhanced locomotor activity compared to that produced by initial exposure .
Multiple myeloma  is a fatal B cell dysplasia characterized by plasma cell infiltration in the bone marrow and a monoclonal immunoglobulin  in serum, urine or both. MM is almost always preceded by the premalignant state, monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance ,, which is characterized by the presence of an M protein without evidence of MM or related disorder. MGUS is associated with a relentless risk of progression to MM or related malignancy, at a rate of 1% per year.
There has been dramatic stage, grade, and risk migration of newly diagnosed prostate cancer in the prostate specific antigen  era. Most cases are now diagnosed as clinical stage T1c disease with low serum PSA levels. Because of the long natural history of newly diagnosed low risk prostate cancer, active surveillance  with selective intervention is considered an option for the management of select patients with low risk prostate cancer.
Preeclampsia is a systemic syndrome unique to pregnancy, characterized clinically by new onset hypertension and proteinuria after 20 weeks gestation. This altered placentation is thought to lead to placental ischemia and hypoxia, triggering the release of circulating factors which lead to systemic endothelial dysfunction. In fact, in light of these reports, some have suggested that preeclampsia may be two diseases with two different biological processes, one which results in reduced fetal growth, and one which results in increased fetal growth.
It has been projected that by 2018, 2.3 billion people worldwide will haveone or more of the constellation of voiding and storage problems referred to aslower urinary tract symptoms . Research consistently shows that patients with LUTS are morelikely to have diminished quality of life, depression symptoms, and various chronichealth conditions. Such advertising likely results in an increase in patientrequests for medications, and physicians’ compliance with suchrequests.
Seminal fluid proteins of male insects have a multitude of functions and many alter the female reproductive physiology to the male’s benefit . However, in Drosophila, seminal fluids also accelerated female mortality directly . Because of such direct or indirect interference with the female reproductive output, i.e. her evolutionary fitness, seminal proteins have become the target of researchers interested in evolutionary biology and bioinformatics.
Despite the availability of vaccines and antimicrobial therapy, the burden of disease caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae, or the pneumococcus, remains significant worldwide. Additionally, the pneumococcus is estimated to be a contributing organism in 20 60% of cases of community acquired pneumonia , which leads to almost 600,000 annual hospitalizations, and is a leading cause of death among persons >65 years  . Carriage of the pneumococcus in the nasopharynx is a risk factor for aspiration into the lungs and a well established to be a precursor to pneumonia and invasive disease with the colonizing serotype .
Coronary MR angiography  is emerging as an noninvasive technique for diagnosis of coronary artery diseases. Lately, whole heart coronary MRA was introduced to improve the ease of use and the length of vessel depiction . The complete coronary artery tree is covered in a single measurement and individual branches can be visualized by reformatting the three dimensional data set retrospectively.
Abnormal protein aggregates are detected in brains under several neurodegenerative disease conditions including cerebral ischemia . Protein ubiquitination and degradation of ubiquitin conjugated proteins  by proteasome activity are ATP dependent . Depletion of free ubiquitin occurs in CA1 neurons during 348 h reperfusion following transient forebrain ischemia .
The phase, rather than the standard magnitude, of the signal in T2*  or susceptibility weighted MRI has been increasingly exploited to improve image contrast, particularly at high magnetic field strengths . Specifically, Duyn et al  found that at high field strength, phase based MRI yields a higher contrast to noise ratio between gray and white matter than conventional MRI techniques, giving an excellent depiction of cortical morphology and sub structure. Other studies have shown that phase imaging improves contrast in iron rich brain regions such as the globus pallidus and the substantia nigra .
The UDP Glucuronosyltransferases  are membrane bound proteins localized to the endoplasmic reticulum. This super family of enzymes catalyzes the formation of glucuronides by the transfer of glucuronic acid from the co substrate uridine 5′ diphosphoglucuronic acid  to many endogenous and exogenous substrates, making them more suitable for excretion into the urine or bile . The CYPs perform oxidation or reduction reactions to either activate or detoxify the parent compound.
The current diagnostic criteria of celiac disease require the demonstration of small bowel mucosal villous atrophy and crypt hyperplasia. However, this structural damage caused by dietary gluten is only the final outcome of a gradually developing inflammatory process in previously normal mucosa. Furthermore, several recent studies have demonstrated that celiac patients may have gluten dependent symptoms and serum autoantibodies against tissue transglutaminase  and endomysium  already before the mucosal atrophy develops.
Subjective well being  is often conceptualized as having cognitive judgmental components, characterized by life satisfaction, and emotional components, characterized by the presence of positive affect and the absence of negative affect . There is strong evidence to suggest that these cognitive and emotional components are related both to a host of individual difference variables and to each other . This project is specifically concerned with the properties and determinants of the cognitive judgmental aspects of SWB, as measured by the Satisfaction With Life Scale , and whether these properties and determinants differ with age .
Leishmania major  is the causative agent of zoonotic cutaneous leishmaniasis, the most widely distributed form of cutaneous leishmaniasis in the Old World . The inoculation of live parasites to produce a lesion that heals  has been the only vaccination strategy implemented at a large scale because it provides lifelong protection against the development of lesions. This approach was discontinued because of the unacceptable frequency  of lesions that were slow to heal or nonhealing  .
The Personal Calorie Monitor  is a portable direct calorimeter that estimates energy expenditure  from measured heat flux  . 34 Adults  were studied for 5 h in a whole room indirect calorimeter  in thermoneutral and cool conditions. Participants wore the PCM on their upper arm and completed two, 20 minute treadmill walking bouts .
Understanding the structure and function of supra macromolecular assemblies—from heterochromatin to the nuclear pore complex—is a crucial frontier in biology. Overcoming the technical challenges to investigating these large assemblies is likely to require several decades of intense effort. Here we focus on an extremely large supra macromolecular assembly, the cytokinetic apparatus .
All cellular organisms use a multi component molecular machine termed the replisome to couple rapid nucleic acid synthesis with DNA unwinding during replication . Initiation begins with the assembly of the DnaA initiator onto a series of 9 base pair  sequences known as DnaA boxes . The presence of DnaB at the replication fork directs the assembly of other replisomal components, leading to the formation of two fully equipped replication forks and progression into the elongation stage of DNA replication  .
In 2006, in the United States, there were 148,610 new cases of colorectal cancer, and mortality from colorectal cancer ranked second only to lung cancer . Age is the strongest risk factor for colorectal cancer. Tumors are classified as having a high level of MSI  if >30% of tested microsatellites show instability .
Closed loop insulin delivery is an emerging therapeutic approach to improve glucose control whilst reducing the risk of hypoglycaemia in type 1 diabetes . Clinical studies in adolescents with T1D demonstrated that closed loop with algorithm directed basal insulin delivery combined with standard insulin boluses at meal times reduces mean glucose and increases the time spent normoglycaemic. During adolescence, HbA1c is often higher than recommended and reduced adherence to treatment guidelines is known to occur at a time when the need for independence might lead to the lack of engagement in diabetes care.
Naltrexone , an opioid antagonist, is used for alcohol dependence and opioid addiction. , NTX hydrochloride is presently available as 50 mg oral tablets  in the United States. Additionally, oral NTX therapy is associated with gastrointestinal side effects, such as nausea, abdominal pain and vomiting.
Approximately 52% of persons living with HIV/AIDS in the United States are aged 40 54 years; for women, this coincides with the menopausal transition. Despite a growing literature on normative changes in cognition, depression, and anxiety associated with the menopausal transition, little is known about menopause in HIV infected women, particularly with regard to cognitive function. Previous cross sectional studies indicate that compared to HIV uninfected women, HIV infected women report more menopausal symptoms including vasomotor, sleep disturbances, and psychological symptoms  and may have an earlier age at menopause, , , .
Tuberculosis  is a leading cause of death worldwide, costing the global economy 100300 billion dollars, and orphaning 10 million children annually . DTH contributes to effective bacterial control and tissue destruction . Differentiating destructive from antibacterial mechanisms is essential for the development of safe vaccines and immunotherapies.
It is not uncommon that a polypeptide is named for the effect by which it was discovered, but later found to have a multitude of actions . Cyclin dependent kinase  5 is a member of the Cdk family but appears to have unique functions in the CNS that are independent of cell cycle regulation. Cdk5 is predominantly expressed in the brain.
Dispersal is commonly observed across the animal kingdom. Further, animals that have dispersed could benefit by outbreeding, i.e., breeding between distantly related or unrelated individuals . When males leave their natal group they often migrate with coresident males  or join groups containing males that previously dispersed from the same natal group .
While exciting advancements continue to be made in thought controlled neuroprosthetics , efforts to translate this technology to the clinic remain unfulfilled . The disparity lies in the different stability and reliability requirements between the laboratory and the clinic. Excellent data can be obtained from live animal recordings for weeks and even months, but an implanted neuroelectrode array must record stable neural signals for years in paralyzed patients to warrant the cost and risk of the invasive surgery.
Enhanced S Cone Syndrome  is an autosomal recessive retinopathy caused by mutations in the orphan receptor NR2E3 . Patients also exhibit early night blindness, retinal tearing, neovascularization, and varying degrees of L  cone and M  cone vision and of retinal degeneration . Our recent studies show that the increase in blue opsin expressing cones of the Nr2e3rd7/rd7 mouse results from abnormal proliferation due to a defect in mitotic progenitors to suppress their cone generation program .
In mammals, the primary effector systems of the stress response are glucocorticoid and catecholamine hormones, and secretion of these molecules from the adrenal glands into the blood in response to stressful stimuli results in rapid and delayed alterations in cardiovascular, immune and metabolic functions. These changes, in turn, promote survival by directing energy flow to systems directly responsible for dealing with the threat at hand while suppressing other systems competing for energy resources  . The endocannabinoid system is composed of two G protein coupled receptors  and two arachidonate derived ligands , arachidonylethanolamide  and 2 arachidonoylglycerol .
Bisphenol A , released from plastics and dental sealants, is a suspected endocrine disruptor and reproductive toxicant. In occupationally exposed workers, BPA has been associated with erectile dysfunction  . Young rats were injected intraperitoneal  injection daily with BPA at 25 mg/kg/day or vehicle .
Carcinoma of the ovary is the fifth most common cause of cancer related death in women in the United States. It is also the most common gynecologic malignancy. It is estimated that 22,240 new cases of ovarian cancer will be diagnosed and 14,030 women will die from the disease in the United States in 2013 .
Tropoelastin is the soluble precursor of elastin. Therefore, full length  human tropoelastin was genetically engineered to provide an alternative source of the pure protein . Tropoelastin is a useful option for protein based biomaterials, since it is found in human tissues and is elastomeric .
The hereditary spastic paraplegias  are a diverse group of genetically determined neurodegenerative conditions that all share the principal clinical feature of progressive spastic paralysis of the lower limbs. They are conventionally classified as pure or, when spastic paraplegia is accompanied by other prominent clinical manifestations, complex . The spastin transcript is widely expressed within the nervous system and in non neuronal tissues, but is most strongly expressed in subclasses of neurons .
Two nitrogen containing bisphosphonates, pamidronate  and zoledronic acid  used to treat bone associated cancer metastasis cause osteonecrosis of the jaws. While bisphosphonates are widely used to treat osteoporosis, pamidronate and zoledronic acid are administered intravenously at high doses to treat hypercalcemia of malignancy, Paget’s disease, and osteolytic lesions of multiple myeloma and cancer metastasis . Bisphosphonates are pyrophosphates analogues with carbon replacing oxygen in the pyrophosphate bond.
Extranodal marginal zone lymphomas of mucosa associated lymphoid tissue type  are typically indolent B cell neoplasms that develop out of acquired reactive infiltrates associated with localized long standing autoimmune diseases or chronic infections ,. The growth of early MALT lymphomas is thought to be dependent on antigen stimulation but may become antigen independent over time with the acquisition of additional genetic abnormalities ,. Antigen stimulation of MALT lymphoma growth is strongly supported by studies of gastric MALT lymphomas which develop out of infiltrates associated with chronic H. pylori associated infections and can often be cured with H. pylori eradicating antibiotics .
Adolescence brings about a substantial increase in the incidence of depressive symptoms with serious long term sequelae . More recently, attachment theory has provided a theoretical basis for understanding the presence of emotional, behavioral and relationship problems during adolescence . Although friendships with peers are not generally considered to be attachment relationships in adolescence, there is considerable evidence that qualities of an adolescent’s attachment organization  have significant influence on the ways in which friendships are organized and understood by the adolescent  .
Circulating Tumor Microemboli  are potentially important cancer biomarkers, but using them for cancer detection in early stage disease has been assay limited. We examined CTM test performance using a sensitive detection platform to identify stage I Non Small Cell Lung Cancer  patients undergoing imaging evaluation . First, we prospectively enrolled patients during  FDG PET CT imaging evaluation for lung cancer that underwent routine phlebotomy where CTM and circulating tumor cells  were identified in blood using nuclear , cytokeratin , and CD45 immune fluorescent antibodies followed by morphologic identification.
Nitric oxide  is a gaseous regulator of numerous physiological and pathophysiological processes in the central nervous system, including immunological defense mechanisms, hemodynamics, and synaptic transmission . NO is generated by the NO synthase  family of enzymes which consists of at least three distinct isoforms . Inducible NOS , endothelial NOS , and neuronal NOS  are present in microglia, endothelial cells, and neurons, respectively .
Hypertension, which affects over 73 million Americans, is a major risk factor for cardiovascular, cerebrovascular and renal disease . It is more frequent among African Americans  , and accounts for a significant portion of racial differences in mortality, through excess cardiovascular morbidity . The reason for this racial disparity is not well understood.
Zinc is an essential trace mineral and is ubiquitously distributed in hundreds of proteins in mammalian cells. Intracellular zinc levels are strictly controlled by zinc homeostatic mechanisms that maintain stable zinc supply and appropriate zinc distribution in cells. The ZnT family of transporters functions in zinc efflux from the cytoplasm to either the extracellular space and/or intracellular organelles.
The life cycle of human papillomaviruses  has evolved to be intimately connected to the differentiation program of host epithelial tissues . The raft culture system has been used to study in detail the steps in the HPV life cycle . Chimeric viruses are commonly used to compare genes from one virus with the homologous genes from a related virus to determine the similarities and differences of those genes.
Hypokinetic dysarthria associated with Parkinson's Disease  often results in increased speech rate or acceleration during utterances , and speech rate reduction is therefore a common therapeutic technique to improve intelligibility. One of these techniques, delayed auditory feedback , does not require any direct control by the speaker and is thought to be most successful in maintaining the naturalness of speech . However, despite the apparent advantages of DAF for intelligibility improvements, a number of questions remain open.
Mammalian skin provides the first line of defense against mechanical, chemical, and biological assaults and functions as a barrier to inhibit water loss. The cutaneous permeability barrier is mediated by the most superficial, cornified epidermal layer that forms from a series of differentiation and stratification processes. Granulocytes form a cornified envelope beneath the cell membrane via the cross linking of involucrin , loricrin, and other proteins .
Composed of multiple enzymes, peptide hormones and receptors, the renin angiotensin system  is a major regulatory element in the control of cardiovascular and renal function . In contrast, AT2R activation induces cellular differentiation and growth inhibition, vasodilation and natriuresis, and potentially lowers blood pressure  . Because AT1R expression in cardiovascular and renal tissues is ubiquitously present and quantitatively greater than that of AT2Rs, AT1R actions generally predominate in vivo.
identified a germline missense alteration  in the palladin gene  in a familial pancreatic cancer kindred and suggested that this variant may be a cause of the familial clustering of pancreatic cancer. Members of the kindred, known as family X, develop an early onset pancreatic cancer, with pancreatic insufficiency and diabetes mellitus in an autosomal dominant fashion  and have significant linkage to chromosome 4q32 34, a region that includes the PALLD gene . implicated an oncogenic function for palladin after finding overexpression of PALLD mRNA in pancreatic cancer tissues .
The discovery of single genes associated with neurodevelopmental disorders has increased dramatically over the past decade, with the number of associations with malformations of cortical development  alone increasing from 27 in 2005  to more than 100 in the most recent MCD classification . The maturation of copy number variation studies of the human genome , and the introduction of whole exome sequencing  promise a further increase in the number of genes associated with human neurodevelopmental phenotypes . For the clinician, this rapid expansion of knowledge poses a challenge in arriving at diagnoses in a timely and cost effective manner.
It is well established that hypothyroidism is associated with mental status changes, including secondary or reversible dementia , though the relationship between thyroid disease and risk for Alzheimer’s disease  is unclear . Some studies have demonstrated a relationship between subclinical thyroid disease  and cognitive impairment and Alzheimer’s disease  . Volpato and colleagues  found that thyroxine  concentrations within the normal range were significantly associated with an increased risk for future cognitive decline in a large, community based sample of older, physically impaired, non demented women .
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma  is the fourth highest contributor to cancer related death in the western world, with a lifetime risk of 1.47% and a 5 year survival rate of 6% . Detection typically occurs at an advanced stage of tumor progression when 80 85% of cases are inoperable. CIN exists in two forms: 1) numerical CIN  which is an increased frequency of chromosome segregation errors  and 2) structural CIN reflecting sub chromosomal rearrangements.
Fertilization triggers a cascade of effects on the oocyte, including maturation, cytoskeletal rearrangements and completion of meiosis . This problem is particularly acute in the newly fertilized C. elegans embryo where the mitotic spindle forms only about 15 min after the completion of the second meiotic division . During meiosis, MEI 1/MEI 2 are required to generate microtubule fragments that seed microtubule nucleation and later contribute to meiotic spindle shortening  and these proteins are required for translocation of the meiotic spindle to the oocyte cortex .
The function of adult born neurons has been intensively studied since their rediscovery in the early 1990's ). During their maturation, adult born neurons in the hippocampus undergo a period of heightened plasticity that transiently distinguishes them from neighboring mature neurons ). A complementary hypothesis holds that adult born DGCs play a key role in pattern separation by allowing an unending supply of new neurons to enlist for information storage ).
The crowded intracellular environment presents obstacles to proper folding of proteins. Its importance in the nervous system is highlighted by various neurodegenerative disorders, in which protein conformational defects cause detrimental accumulation of misfolded or aggregated protein. Although protein aggregation occurs in all of these diseases, how protein misfolding and aggregation damages neurons is unclear.
Lymphocytes are highly sensitive to the lethal effects of ionizing radiation , via processes commonly referred to as interphase death, with apoptosis playing a major role . In general, it has been shown that mammalian cells are more sensitive to IR while undergoing mitosis, although activated, dividing T cells are slightly more resistant than their resting counterparts . Current literature suggests that TM cells are more radioresistant due to higher concentrations of Bcl 2  .
Pattern information analysis has become an important method for investigating distributed representations with fMRI . A popular method of testing for mutual information between experimental stimuli and regional fMRI response patterns is “decoding”: the classification of response patterns so as to determine the stimulus category. Above chance level decoding accuracy with any classifier indicates that the response patterns contain information about the stimulus category.
The TP53 gene encodes the p53 protein, which is involved in a series of pathways, such as apoptosis, transcription, DNA repair, maintenance of genomic stability, and cell cycle control . Human papillomavirus  specifically targets p53, along with phosphorylated Rb and other proteins, in order to maintain a cellular environment that promotes viral replication . An initial laboratory study suggested that the HPV16 E6 protein was better able to degrade p53 containing arginine  at codon 72 than TP53 containing proline  at that position , prompting several epidemiological studies to evaluate the association between this specific polymorphism and risk of cervical cancer and its precursors.
While stress is a known risk factor for various neuropsychiatric disorders, ranging from mood and anxiety disorders to schizophrenia and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , individuals differ greatly in their susceptibility to stress. Despite being the subject of enormous research efforts, genetic influences and their effects on the neurobiology of stress and emotion mediating circuits are not yet fully understood. Of considerable value in this regard are isogenic inbred mouse strains .
Osteoblasts depend on a constant supply of prosurvival signals from their microenvironment. When trophic factors become limited by injury or disease, cells undergo apoptosis. This study establishes the regulation and function of Bim, Bak, and Bax in this response .
The vertebrate immune system is essential to defend against a multitude of pathogens including viruses, bacteria, fungi, and parasites. Together, these disorders affect nearly 24 million Americans with an estimated annual direct health care costs in the range of $100 billion . Patients with other medical conditions including cancer, HIV disease and AIDS, other infectious diseases, and metabolic disorders depend on modulation of the immune system for effective treatments .
Autophagy  is a cellular catabolic pathway leading to lysosomal degradation and recycling of proteins and organelles in eukaryotes . A crucial step during autophagic flux is autophagy maturation, a process of autophagosomes  trafficking and fusion with lysosomes to form autophagolysosomes . However, the molecular mechanisms underlying autophagy maturation are relatively understudied.
Advances in super resolution fluorescence imaging by controllable photoactivation of single molecule emitters  require new and optimized activatable fluorophores. If one single emitter is switched on at a time in a diffraction limited region , its location can be determined well below the diffraction limit by fitting the point spread function . In the fluorogen, the donor is absent, but the product fluorophore contains all three necessary components of the complete donorπacceptor pushpull chromophore .
Neuroinflammatory processes have been implicated in the pathogenesis of PD , a progressive neurodegenerative movement disorder resulting from the loss of dopaminergic  neurons in the substantia nigra pars compacta  . Progress has been made in identifying inflammatory mediators that contribute to DA neuronal dysfunction , but key molecular regulators of neuroinflammatory responses in the ventral midbrain remain unknown . Microglia are resident brain macrophages that respond to environmental stresses and immunological challenges .
Leishmaniasis is a group of insect vector transmitted parasitic diseases that present a dynamic range of clinical pathologies, where the species of pathogen initiating the infection generally dictates disease outcome. In the majority of cases, lesions heal within several months and provide life long immunity pending re infection by the parasite . In contrast, infection by Leishmania donovani, the etiological agent for often fatal visceral leishmaniasis, does not induce IL 12  .
Epidemiologic studies have demonstrated a protective effect of dietary n 3 fatty acids on adverse cardiovascular events, particularly sudden cardiac death . The mechanisms underlying this protective effect are not well understood, and may include anti inflammatory factors . Systemic inflammation is a key component in the development and progression of atherosclerosis, and the circulating inflammatory biomarkers C reactive protein  and interleukin 6  are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease .
Health care professionals are increasingly confronted by the technology explosion, changing economic forces, problems in health care delivery, bioterrorism, and globalization. Lonergan theorized that culture is a set of skills, feelings, values and beliefs that are shared by a people in such a way that they can collaborate in the construction of what is good for the individual, for society and, in the end, for all human beings. Mexicans have a rich cultural heritage with many traditions.
Embryonic stem  cells have generated much interest due to their pluripotent nature that allows them to generate replacement cells for damaged or diseased tissue. , They later used Bayesian analysis to generate the signaling networks, giving insight into the intracellular processes and signaling cascades that determine ES cell differentiation. developed a kinetic based analysis of sonic hedgehog  signaling.
Epigenetics provides a promising approach for understanding complex diseases like asthma. The epigenetic disruption of gene expression is now known to play an equally important role as genetic predispositions  in the development of disease . This phenomenon is linked to gene activation, gene silencing, and chromosomal instability without altering DNA sequences.
Heart failure, a major cause of cardiac death, is a complex clinical syndrome that can result from any cardiac disorder. Among older patients, heart failure represents the greatest health care burden in developed countries, affecting 5 million patients in the United States with the incidence steadily increasing in both men and women, with a slightly greater proportionality in men., The emergency department  is often the point of first contact for these patients and has seen a 20% increase in visits over the last decade. It is a common discharge diagnosis, particularly in elderly women, and leads to a significant economic burden, with over 34.4 billion dollars spent in 2010., With underrepresentation of females in clinical studies, evidence relating to pathophysiology, etiology, clinical presentation, treatment, and outcome is predominantly based on data from male patients.
Epithelioid sarcomas  are rare but aggressive soft tissue neoplasms occurring in young individuals, being characterized by expression of epithelial markers along with loss of SMARCB1  nuclear expression . ES are sub classified into distal  type , typically occurring in the skin or superficial soft tissues of the distal extremities; and proximal type , often more aggressive, located in the deep soft tissue of the perineum, and harboring distinctive rhabdoid cytology . SMARCB1, which encodes the SMARCB1 protein, has been first identified as a tumor suppressor gene at the 22q11 locus, being inactivated in 95% of extracranial malignant rhabdoid tumors of the kidney  and atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumors  of the central nervous system of infancy .
Physician relationships with the pharmaceutical and device industry have received widespread attention in recent years. We now know that nearly all physicians maintain some relationship with industry , beginning with near universal exposure to pharmaceutical industry marketing during medical school . The majority of practicing clinicians accept drug samples and gifts, most commonly food in the workplace, and smaller numbers of physicians accept larger payments such as reimbursement of costs of educational meetings and conferences and speaking and consulting fees.
Atrial fibrillation  is a common arrhythmia with major public health implications due to its high prevalence, significant morbidity and considerable associated healthcare costs. Currently, there are nearly 3 million individuals in the United States and over 8.8 million individuals in Europe affected by AF. With an aging population, the prevalence of AF is expected to dramatically increase.
Nicotine exposure from tobacco use is widespread in the United States, with an estimated 27.7% of Americans 12 or older using some form of tobacco . Studies of adolescent drug use show that, typically, nicotine and alcohol use precede the use of marijuana, which precedes the use of ‘hard’ drugs such as cocaine . Epidemiological studies suggest that the use of nicotine during adolescence also substantially increases the probability that later illicit drug use will occur .
In the past 10 years, a growing research effort sustained by several National Institute of Health  institutes, including the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism , has addressed racial/ethnic health disparities in the U.S. . Alcohol studies have helped to identify particular health disparities among Latinos. Relative to Whites, Latinos appear to be at greater risk for alcohol problems , arrests for driving under the influence , liver cirrhosis, and alcohol related mortality .
Aggression is one of the most common consequences of traumatic brain injury . Prevalence estimates of post TBI aggression range from 11% to 34%, likely due to differing samples and definitions. However, the phenomenology of post TBI aggression is not yet well defined.
Smoking is a major public health concern , particularly in young adults between the ages of 18 and 25. In a 2005 national survey, 39% of young adults in the United States indicated that they had smoked in the past month  which is considerably higher than rates seen in other age groups. In particular, identifying personal and social factors that increase risk may allow for improved design of prevention and intervention approaches for this population  .
Attracting and retaining specialists in academia is an important issue in the medical, dental, veterinary, and other health professions. This creates a challenge for veterinary teaching hospitals, which need sufficient faculty to provide advanced patient care, student teaching, specialty and graduate training, and research. A recent assessment of workforce needs for clinical specialists identifies a current and projected future deficit in the number of specialists needed for schools and colleges.
Antiretroviral treatment  can significantly reduce morbidity and mortality in HIV infected people. However, the clinical effectiveness of ART depends crucially on treatment adherence. Several more recent studies suggest that treatment with certain potent types of ART regimens, such as those based on ritonavir boosted proteinase inhibitor and nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor therapy, can achieve viral suppression at lower levels of adherence,  and that the adherence level required to prevent viral rebound decreases with duration of viral suppression.
DNA mismatch repair deficient colorectal cancers  have distinct features that distinguish them from other CRC types . LS carriers body tissues are MMR proficient because of the other allele. As predicted by the Knudson hypothesis, the 2nd MMR gene allele is somatically lost in some cells, which then become MMR deficient and transform into CRC and other cancers.
Many studies have found a positive association between density of alcohol establishments and various types of crime, including violent crime , vandalism, and nuisance crime . In other words, specific neighborhood attributes could moderate the associations between number of alcohol establishments and crime within a neighborhood and these attributes may vary across neighborhoods. For example, other businesses may put pressure on alcohol establishments to responsibly serve alcohol so that these other businesses are not negatively affected by intoxicated customers leaving the alcohol establishments.
In the polycystic liver diseases, genetic defects initiate the formation of hepatic cysts, which arise from cholangiocytes. Specifically, ARPKD is characterized by biliary dysgenesis  that becomes progressively more severe with age. , , Genetic studies indicate that mutations in PKHD1 gene are responsible for ARPKD pathogenesis.
Disruptive behavior disorders  are among the most common reasons children are referred for mental health services . Part of the clinical research disparity between ethnic minority and white populations appears to stem from the settings in which the groups are most likely to seek services. It is essential that clinical studies of evidence based practices move beyond controlled research settings and into the settings where ethnic minority youth routinely receive treatment, such as community mental health centers  .
Nausea remains one of the most troublesome and frequent side effects associated with cancer treatment. Our research group has conducted two large multicenter intervention studies designed to reduce nausea by reducing nausea expectancies. The second study  used acupressure and acustimulation wristbands as a means of changing patients' nausea expectancies.
The Wnt signaling pathway is activated by Wnt ligands at multiple stages of metazoan development and controls the differentiation and/or proliferation of stem cells in multiple tissues. Wnt/βcatenin signalling activates  transcription of genes whose promoters contain binding sites for TCF transcription factors. Target genes include key developmental and oncogenic targets ) .
Bisphosphonates are antiresorptive drugs used to treat post menopausal osteoporosis and Paget's disease, and as an adjuvant treatment for bone metastases. Furthermore, the prolonged half life and recirculation of pamidronate in pediatric patients up to 8 years after treatment cessation  may pose pediatric specific skeletal and reproductive risks . Administration of bisphosphonates does not selectively affect synthesis of defective type I collagen.
Astrocytomas are the most common tumors of the central nervous system in children and are subdivided according to histologic subtypes, grades I IV . However, significant morbidity is associated with the presence of residual tumor and the current therapy that includes neuroendocrine cognitive deficits, visual deficits, vasculopathy and secondary tumors . Whereas histologically, astrocytomas in children and adults are similar, childhood astrocytomas are distinct clinical entities from those in adults and are not associated with many of the critical genetic alterations found in the adult astrocytomas.
Experience with pain or injury can result in short term and long term alterations in an organism's responses to noxious stimuli. Formal testing of pain sensitivity has demonstrated that children who were repeatedly subjected to painful procedures as infants have altered pain sensitivity when tested later in life,,,, manifesting either hypo  or hyperalgesia, depending on the age at time of injury and magnitude of the injury . These are particularly apparent following surgery or with re inflammation as an adult,,,,,,,.
Spinal cord injury  results in devastating functional disabilities in patients. The white matter structure of spine is less complicated than that of the brain. Several ex vivo studies have characterized spinal cord injury by correlating apparent diffusion coefficient  values with the degree of injury .
Nonenzymatic glycation  in vivo is initiated by the reaction of reducing sugars such as glucose and the ε amino groups of the lysine side chain followed by Schiff base formation. This adduct rearranges into a derivate also known as the Amadori product, which further degrades into more stable advanced glycation end products . Increasing evidence suggests a role for AGE induced oxidative stress in the pathogenesis of normal aging and many age related chronic diseases, including diabetes, end stage renal disease, and cardiovascular disease  .
Oxidatively generated damage to cellular DNA is genotoxic and has been correlated with the development of many human cancers. The complex modifications, which can be induced by single radical hits of hydroxyl radicals or one electron oxidants, include intra  and interstrand cross links and DNA protein cross links . However, structural information on DPCs is scarce, although several examples are in existence.
The epidermis, together with hair follicles, sebaceous glands, and dermal connective tissue, forms the largest organ in the body. Notably, filaggrin binds intermediate filaments in the upper granular layer, thereby condensing the keratinocyte cytoskeleton into a strong, flattened matrix . Numerous regulatory and signaling pathways govern epidermal specification, differentiation, and cornification.
Aside from its essential role in embryonic development , Jak2 plays an important role in pathophysiology. Jak2 has been linked to several hematological malignancies including acute lymphoid leukemia and chronic myeloid leukemia . This valine to phenylalanine substitution  occurs in the JH2 pseudokinase domain of Jak2.
Bacteria, yeast, and plants contain bi chaperone systems involving heat shock proteins from the Hsp100 and Hsp70 families that resolubilize and reactivate aggregated proteins. ,, Hsp100 chaperones  belong to the AAA+ superfamily of ATPases associated with various cellular activities. ClpB contains two AAA+ ATP binding sequence modules  with an inserted coiled coil domain and a distinct N terminal domain connected to D1 with a flexible linker .
Colorectal cancer was included in a ‘global index’ to summarize health benefits and risks in the WHI randomized controlled trials of daily 0.625 conjugated equine estrogens  versus placebo among 10,739 women who were post hysterectomy, and this same estrogen preparation plus daily 2.5 mg of medroxyprogesterone acetate  among 16,608 postmenopausal women with a uterus . The CEE/MPA trial was stopped early in 2002 when it was judged that overall health risks exceeded benefits . The  colorectal hazard ratio  for the active treatment over a 5.6 year average intervention period was 0.56 with a 95% confidence interval  of 0.38 to 0.81 .
The E2F family of transcription factors regulates the expression of genes involved in cell cycle progression, apoptosis, DNA repair, and differentiation. Based on overexpression experiments, it is thought that activator E2Fs function to drive cell cycle progression and proliferation . Another subclass, which includes E2F3b, E2F4, and E2F5, are referred to as the “repressor” E2Fs because their main function appears to be to inhibit transcription of target genes when in association with the retinoblastoma  tumor suppressor or the related pocket proteins, p107 and p130.
Four classes of human histone deacetylases  are based on structure, sequence homology, and domain organization. Class I enzymes play roles in cell proliferation and apoptosis and include nuclear HDACs 1, 2, 3, and 8 . Class IIA includes HDACs 4, 5, 7, and 9, class IIB includes HDACs 6 and 10, and may localize in the cytoplasm or translocate to the nucleus .
To investigate the trends in the performance of radical cystectomy  versus partial cystectomy  in the United States over the past 10 years and compare postoperative outcomes between two procedures . The data was captured from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample  20012010 using the appropriate ICD 9 CM diagnosis and procedure codes. Patient sociodemographics, comorbidities and in hospital complications after PC and RC were compared, taking into account some hospital characteristics.
Human brain could be characterized as a complex anatomical and functional network development over the whole life . The functional network in human brain has been explored extensively using electroencephalogram , magnetoencephalo graphic recordings , and functional magnetic resonance imaging  . The correlations of cortical thickness across individuals from different regions have been measured and formed as structural connections .
Drug adherence, including prescription and over the counter medications , is a key element in patient treatment. While long term drug therapy compliance has been estimated to be less than 50%  it is difficult to confirm the accuracy of self reported drug ingestion histories. Self reported therapeutic drug ingestion histories are notoriously inaccurate but remain the most commonly utilized method to measure adherence in both the clinical and research environments., Conversely, failure of patients to report ingested drugs during reconciliation can lead to unintended drug drug interactions, failure to identify adverse drug events , and redundant therapy.
Non Hodgkin Lymphoma  is a diverse group of malignancies, which develops from lymphoid tissues. The most common type of NHL is Diffuse Large B cell Lymphoma . This type accounts for 30 40% of all lymphomas .
Risk factors for recurrence of shoulder instability after standard arthroscopic Bankart repair have become more defined recently.,, Patient characteristics such as age, physical activity, as well as patho anatomic lesions such as Hill Sachs lesions, glenoid bone loss and joint hyperlaxity are associated with a higher risk of recurrence after standard capsulolabral repair. This has led to an increased interest in bone block procedures such as the Bristow Latarjet procedure, for the treatment of high risk patients with important anterior glenoid bone loss., Reports of high complication rates however,,, have pushed recent research towards less complex or invasive alternatives to the classic Bristow Latarjet procedure. Arthroscopic glenoid augmentations using either a free iliac crest autograft or a tibial or glenoid osteochondral allograft have already been described as a successful treatment option for high risk patients.,,,,, However, biomechanical data on the effect of these procedures is sparse, particularly concerning cases without significant glenoid bone loss .
Vertebral fractures are the most common osteoporotic fractures and represent a significant health issue . Epidemiological measures derived from population based studies vary between 1 and 3% per year for incidence and ~10 and 30% for the prevalence in elderly persons, varying by age, gender and geographic region . Vertebral fractures are associated with a high morbidity , mortality  and a considerable financial burden.
The acute phase response  is the first line of defense against viral infection and is mediated by innate immune cells that recognize molecular signatures of viral replication. The ligation of these receptors leads to the production of type I interferons and other inflammatory cytokines with antiviral activity . Although the primary role of APR is to combat infections, the cytokines released into the circulation have significant effects on the brain.
Basic science research has linked deficiencies in insulin breakdown to Alzheimer disease  pathology. Insulin degrading enzyme , the major protease responsible for insulin degradation, degrades amyloid beta  peptide, a central component in AD pathology ; furthermore, insulin acts as a competitive inhibitor for this enzyme . Thus, defects in IDE may result in higher Aβ concentrations in the brain.
The AHR, a ligand activated member of the bHLH/PAS family of transcription factors, controls a variety of developmental and physiological events, including induction of drug metabolizing enzymes, xenobiotic detoxification, neurogenesis, tracheal andsalivary duct formation, circadian rhythms, response to hypoxia, and hormone receptor function . The transcriptionally active AHR/ARNT heterodimer recruits the basal transcriptional machinery, remodels chromatin and initiates transcription of genes coding for many phase I drug metabolizing enzymes, such as the cytochromes P450 CYP1A1, CYP1A2 and CYP1B1, and several phase II conjugating enzymes, such as ALDH3A1 and NQO1 . Following nuclear export, the AHR is degraded via the 26S proteasome pathway  .
Subclinical vascular disease , which may never cross the threshold of clinically recognized disease, contributes to health status and can increase the risk of disability and death. Although it is accepted that high SVD is associated with morbidity and mortality, whether low SVD is associated with longer survival has not been adequately described. The majority of research on determinants of longer survival has examined traditional risk factors and lifestyle factors, and has not included subclinical disease.
Several proteins have been demonstrated to promote angiogenesis in various vascular beds, but lipid molecules such as sphingosine 1 phosphate  may also contribute. S1P acts through a family of five G protein coupled receptors, S1P receptors 15 , first identified on vascular endothelial cells as the products of genes upregulated during differentiation of endothelial cells  . Acting through S1P receptors, S1P stimulates migration and survival of cultured vascular endothelial cells, and formation of cell cell adherence junctions .
Lung cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in the United States and causes the most mortality . Human bronchial epithelial  cells with damaged DNA are normally eliminated through apoptosis. However, deregulated apoptosis is thought to protect abnormal cells with damaged DNA and contribute to the development of various human cancers, including lung cancer.
The human T cell leukemia virus type 1  is the etiological agent of adult T cell leukemia  and a virus associated neurodegenerative disease, HTLV 1 associated myelopathy /tropical spastic paraparesis  . These diseases have been linked to the expression of the HTLV 1 regulatory protein, Tax . Tax is a pleiotropic transcription factor, which activates gene expression by assembling complexes including cellular transcription factors and coactivators at the HTLV 1 promoter and at promoters of various cellular genes involved in T lymphocyte proliferation.
Sam68 was initially identified to be associated with the p120 RasGTPase activating protein  in cells transformed by tyrosine kinase oncogenes including v Src and, and it was called p62 for a tyrosine phosphorylated protein of 62 kDa . Human Sam68 gene contains nine exons, its cDNA encodes an open reading frame of 443 amino acids. KH domain is required for RNA binding and Sam68 self association.
The Bet v 1 protein from birch is a major allergen with high sequence similarity to the plant PR 10 pathogenesis related proteins, which are involved in the response of plants towards microbial infection. The four largest families in the Bet v 1 like superfamily are the polyketide cyclases , the ring hydroxylases α chain , the activator of Hsp90 ATPase homolog 1 like protein  family , and the StAR related lipid transfer  family . The sequence similarity among the different Bet v 1 like families tends to be relatively low , but all contain the same helix grip fold that forms a hydrophobic cavity in between the long C terminal α helix and the antiparallel β sheet.
The human brain has remarkable capacity for forming associations between items, yet given the constant stream of stimuli that one encounters and attends to each day, some experiences will be later remembered and some will not. Information pertaining to an initial item must be held in mind until information regarding a subsequent item can be added to the memory. Encoding of experiences across time is fundamental to episodic memory, and so it is important to explore the involvement and coordination between brain regions involved in working memory and LTM during the formation of associative memories for temporally discontiguous stimuli.
The transmembrane glycoprotein E cadherin  is necessary for normal epithelial cells intercellular adhesion, cell polarity, cell signaling, and maintenance of cellular differentiation and tissue morphology . Diminished E cadherin expression promotes malignant transformation, tumor invasion, and metastasis . A promoter polymorphism  that results in reduced E cadherin expression for the minor allele   has been extensively studied and is suggested to be associated with increased susceptibility to lung, prostate, and gastric cancers in meta analyses .
Since HIV disproportionately infects persons with severe mental illnesses , researchers have diligently worked toward making empirical strides in identifying this population's constellation of unique risk behaviors in order to design effective prevention interventions. However, researchers have ignored making the proportional and requisite effort to gauge the skill capacity of the very mental health providers who not only deliver the lion's share of services to persons with SMI, but who have long been considered the likeliest choice to be their HIV prevention interventionists, the case managers. This question, taken from an in depth interview with a case manager in the “field” for 14 years, exemplifies the manner and extent to which case managers, typically inexpert at assessing risk behaviors and delivering HIV prevention intervention messages, speak with their SMI clients about safer sex.
Lead  is a naturally occurring toxic metal to which human populations are exposed globally. Pb intoxication in adults and children derives mainly from environmental and occupational sources, but also from traditional medicines and cosmetics contaminated with Pb . Children typically are exposed to Pb from environmental sources through the ingestion of Pb contaminated substances .
For NMR structural studies of membrane proteins, one of the major obstacles is that a target membrane protein has to be purified from the cells after they are labeled with isotopes, which is quite tedious and time consuming. When this enzyme is induced in the cells, almost all cellular mRNAs are degraded. However, if an mRNA is engineered to have no ACA sequences, MazF induced cells are still able to produce the protein from the ACA less mRNA.
Many studies have shown that specific dementia syndromes are associated with particular patterns of volume loss in the brain, usually reflecting the clinical features in that syndrome. In the case of frontotemporal dementia , the region of greatest abnormality is found in the frontal lobes, consistent with the behavioral and frontal/executive deficits that characterize this disease, while in semantic dementia  the regions of greatest abnormality are in the anterior and inferior temporal lobes which correlates with the profound semantic deficits seen in these patients. These patterns are very different compared with the regions of tissue loss indicated in AD, which affects the medial temporal, posterior temporal and parietal regions most severely.
A critical factor in cancer survivability is whether or not cancer cells migrate from the site of the primary tumor and form metastases . The ability of a subset of cells to become locally invasive suggests loss of cadherin mediated cell cell adhesion within the tumor, integrin mediated tumor/extracellular matrix  adherence, and basement membrane breakdown. Several markers exist to identify prostate CSCs.
Breast cancer is a leading cause of cancer related deaths in women in the United States and world wide . Metastatic spread of cancer continues to be the greatest barrier to cancer cure. However, all these modalities are in vain in advanced stages, where metastasis has already been set and the median survival time in most conditions is not more than 23 years  .
Over the last several years, our laboratory, as well as a number of others, has explored the complex relationship between stress and the subsequent activation of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal  axis in psychomotor stimulant reinforcement . We initially reported that pretreatment with chlordiazepoxide significantly decreased intravenous cocaine self administration . However, since these decreases in drug intake may have resulted from a non specific disruption of the ability of the rats to respond, an additional study was conducted whereby another benzodiazepine receptor agonist, alprazolam, was tested in rats responding under a multiple schedule of intravenous cocaine presentation and food reinforcement .
For the past 30 years, through the pioneering theories of Gwen dylen Stewart  a relationship between thrombosis and inflammation was suggested, adding new insights to the pathogenesis of deep venous thrombosis  based on Virchow's triad of stasis, changes in the vessel wall and thrombogenic changes in the blood . Stasis by itself, although an important factor, is usually not enough to produce thrombosis . Inflammation and thrombosis are interrelated.
Microglia, the resident macrophages in the central nervous system , are critical actors regulating normal CNS physiology and health . M1 activation is characterized by the upregulation of pro inflammatory mediators  and the production of reactive oxygen species  . While the mechanisms driving the dysregulation of the microglial pro inflammatory response are poorly understood, recent evidence has linked ROS to microglia driven neuropathology  .
Gonadal growth, gamete maturation, and steroidogenesis in vertebrates are predominantly under the control of luteinizing hormone  and follicle stimulating hormone . LH and FSH are both glycoproteins that share a common gonadotropin hormone alpha subunit  and are composed of a beta subunit specific to each gonadotropin that provides specificity of the hormone. Gonadotropins have been sequenced and characterized in a number of teleost fish representing anguilliformes, salmoniforms, perciforms, cypriniformes, and siluriformes in addition to other species .
One of the great challenges in the study of the function of the nervous system is the quantitative understanding of the manner in which information is processed by neuronal ensembles in the form of sequences of action potentials . Although this problem has been studied for many years, its solution has been possible only in simplified cases/paradigms, because of the intrinsic complexity of this problem arising from the fact that neuronal systems are highly interconnected, nonlinear and dynamic, as well as subject to numerous stochastic influences/variations. We note the fundamental distinction between discretized continuous data  and point process data .
Genomic instability plays an important role in most human cancers . Several questions arise regarding genomic instability in esophageal squamous cell carcinomas :  How prevalent is genomic instability in these tumors? Is there a relation between different types of genome wide instability in ESCC, such as LOH and CN loss/gain?
Relative adrenal insufficiency, a concept which has gained increasing attention in recent years, occurs when cortisol concentrations do not rise appropriately in response to stress or illness. Different investigators, using various definitions, have reported a 5 to 50% incidence of relative adrenal insufficiency , or inappropriately low cortisol values, in children and adults with critical illness. Low cortisol values and/or inadequate responses to adrenocorticotropic hormone  stimulation have been found to correlate with increased mortality and morbidity, in particular cardiovascular dysfunction with vasopressor resistant hypotension.
Alzheimer's disease  is the most frequent age related neurode generative disorder and a major public health concern. Among the susceptibility genes associated with the late onset sporadic form of AD, the apolipoprotein E ε4  allele is by far the most significant genetic risk factor. Intriguingly, APOE ε2 has an opposite impact and decreases the age adjusted risk of AD by about a half .
Sunitinib is a multitargeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor known to selectively inhibit several growth factor receptors including vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 1 , 2  and 3 , platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha , and beta  and stem cell factor . Sunitinib has been shown in vitro to inhibit the VEGF induced mitogenic response of human endothelial cells, to abrogate migration of endothelial cells and to inhibit their ability to form capillary like tubes . Based on these observations, sunitinib has been evaluated in the clinic as an anti angiogenic agent in several types of cancer, including gastrointestinal stromal tumors  and renal cell carcinoma  .
The group of woody, perennial, evergreen plants, commonly referred to as bamboo, belong to the grass family . Bambusa oldhamii Munro, known as ‘green timber bamboo’, is a well known semitropical clumping bamboo species native of Taiwan and southern China . This giant bamboo, which forms abundant forests in Taiwan, is a valuable natural resource, with its mature culms used as building material and its young shoots cultivated extensively for human consumption .
Units in low level regions of the cortical visual hierarchy each receive stimulation from a restricted portion of the visual field. Yet important features in the visual image are often spatially extensive and have complex  form structure that is not necessarily apparent in such local representations. This perception arises despite the representation of the polar structure in the local responses being noisy and ambiguous , which implies the existence of cortical pathways that spatially aggregate local responses and are attuned to complex spatial form .
Many epidemiological studies have been conducted to investigate the effect of maternal exposure to air pollution on adverse pregnancy outcomes . Poor birth outcomes are significant predictors of neonatal mortality and morbidity . Such effects include mental retardation , severe vision loss , deafness , learning disabilities , motor impairment , and cerebral palsy , as well as hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes in adulthood  .
Abnormal scapular kinematics are associated with a number of shoulder pathologies, including, but not limited to, shoulder impingement syndrome , rotator cuff tendinopathy , rotator cuff tears , shoulder instability , and adhesive capsulitis  . A variety of methods have been proposed to quantify scapular movement. These have progressed from initial attempts utilizing two dimensional radiographs to modern experimental designs creating digital maps from high speed computerized imaging .
Inhaled corticosteroid  therapy is considered to be first line treatment for the control of persistent asthma. However, there appears to be substantial variation in ICS treatment response, which may contribute to a significant proportion of disease related morbidity. In vitro models have identified dual specificity phosphatase 1 , also known as MAP kinase phosphatase 1 , as a potential master regulator of corticosteroid response.
Recently, we developed an assay employing high performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry  to measure 3',5' cAMP and other purines in the renal venous effluent from isolated, perfused kidneys. While studying the release of 3',5' cAMP from isolated, perfused rat kidneys, we observed a chromatographic peak that was due to an endogenous substance that was not 3',5' cAMP but had the same parent ion as 3',5' cAMP and fragmented to the same daughter ion as 3',5' cAMP. To our knowledge this was the first report of the endogenous generation of 2',3' cAMP by any tissue, organ or cell .
Tumors promote immune tolerance, and DCs play an important role in this. Although the molecular mechanisms of immune suppression by DCs are not fully understood, the ability of DCs to induce and activate regulatory T cells  is involved . Retinoic acid , an active metabolite of vitamin A, regulates a broad array of immune responses .
The prodromal period prior to the onset of schizophrenia is often marked by declines in cognitive function, as well as attenuated psychotic symptoms . Individuals that display cognitive declines and attenuated psychotic symptoms are considered to be at ultra high risk  for psychosis. These movement abnormalities primarily include dyskinesias, which are involuntary movements of the face, and upper and lower limbs .
Endogenous sex steroid hormones play an important role in the etiology of female cancers, including breast and endometrial cancer . Sex steroid hormones are synthesized and eliminated through complex metabolic pathways. Polymorphisms in genes coding for key enzymes involved in these pathways could modulate endogenous hormone levels and through this mechanism, influence the risk of hormone related cancers  .
The lung faces unique challenges in that it is continuously exposed to a variety of potentially noxious agents from the environment yet must maintain a delicate architecture to allow for efficient gas exchange. Thus, immune responses in the lung are tightly regulated to protect the host without interfering with lung function. Individuals with allergic asthma respond to inhalation of allergens with the development of chronic inflammation.
Autism spectrum disorders  comprise a complex and heterogeneous group of neurodevelopmental conditions including autism, Asperger syndromes, and pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified . Although animal models have been used successfully to increase our understanding of the biology underlying a variety of disorders, the development of these models is often time consuming, expensive, and requires an understanding of the genetic underpinnings of the disease being studied. Therefore, alternative model systems are needed.
Osteosarcoma is a highly malignant bone sarcoma seen in children with a peak incidence occurring during adolescence, thus establishing a relationship between bone development and tumor formation . Various cytogenetic and molecular analysis studies have shown that osteosarcomas are characterized by numerous and complex chromosomal aberrations and ploidy changes ranging from translocations to deletions, duplications, double minutes and homogenously stained regions  . Advances in chromosomal analysis such as spectral karyotyping   and comparative genomic hybridization  techniques  have led to a further characterization of the complex chromosomal abnormalities and DNA copy number changes in a variety of human cancers .
It is well known that expectation can significantly modulate pain perception . In one of the few studies on this topic performed in human subjects, Vokow and colleagues investigated how expectation can influence response to the stimulant drug methylphenidate in both cocaine abusers  and non abusers . In an attempt to find predictors of acupuncture response, Linde and colleagues  reanalyzed the results from several RCTs of acupuncture treatment for chronic pain and found that expectation of relief was the only factor that correctly predicted outcome..  Seventy seven healthy, right handed subjects enrolled in this experiment, which was said to be a study of acupuncture analgesia.
The 5′ cap is a distinctive feature of eukaryal cellular and viral messenger RNA that is required for mRNA stability and efficient translation. Capping entails three enzymatic reactions . The 5′ triphosphate end of the pre mRNA is first hydrolyzed to a diphosphate by RNA 5′ triphosphatase .
Infection with HIV has become a manageable chronic illness with the advent ofcombination antiretroviral therapy . Consequently, the number of people livingwith HIV over age 60 has increased substantially, and some estimate that more thanone half of all HIV/AIDS cases in the U.S. will be over 50 years old by2015. Considering theemergence of safer antiretroviral medications and the availability of cARTworldwide, aging with HIV has become an internationally important issue.
Anopheles sinensis Wiedemann 1828 is a member of the Hyrcanus group that belongs to the Myzorhynchus series within the subgenus Anopheles . It has a wide geographical distribution in Southeast Asia . sinensis is considered a major vector species of vivax malaria and is responsible for the recurrence of malaria in recent years .
The expulsive component of cough is generated primarily by the coordinated activity of the anterolateral abdominal muscles . Input from the brainstem cough neural networks ) to the motoneuron pools for these primary expiratory muscles is disrupted following cervical and thoracic injuries involving the ventral and ventrolateral spinal cord . In the cat, the motoneuron pools for these four muscles all terminate at L3, but they have varying rostral extents with the rectus abdominis extending most rostrally ; the external oblique to T6; the transverses abdominis to T9; and the internal oblique to T13 .
In the periodontal microenvironment, bacterial constituents including gram negative derived lipopolysaccharide  can initiate inflammatory bone loss as appreciated in periodontal diseases. LPS can stimulate the expression of IL 1β, TNF α, IL 6 and receptor activator of NFκB Ligand  by activating the innate immune response as well as non immune cells such as gingival fibroblasts . Expression of both TLR 2 and TLR 4 is increased in periodontal disease tissues, suggesting that these receptors have an increased capacity to signal and influence downstream cytokine expression .
The hair follicle  is a unique regenerative mini organ that provides a highly instructive model system to study the underlying mechanisms that govern hair and skin appendage development as well as hair follicle stem cell  homeostasis and progeny differentiation. During early morphogenesis, HFs first develop into a placode and then as a small germ down growth following underlying mesodermal cues to the overlying ectoderm , . The epidermal placode then reciprocates signals to the mesoderm instructing the condensation of cells into a dermal papilla .
Tumor necrosis factor alpha  is a cytokine involved in regulation of immune cells, tumorigenesis, inflammation, and apoptotic/necrotic cell death . Exposure of mammalian cells to TNF α and inhibitors of transcription or translation, such as actinomycin D and cycloheximide , leads to induction of apoptosis in a cell specific manner by sequential activation of either caspases 8 and 3 or of 8, 9 and 3 . Conversely, nitric oxide  produced by low molecular mass compounds or intracellularly by nitric oxide synthases inactivates caspases 9, 8 and 3 via reactions of S nitrosation .
Cigarette smoking is causally associated with cancers of the lung, bladder, pancreas kidney, oral cavity, esophagus, larynx and uterine cervix. Studies of cigarette smoking in relation to the risk of cutaneous malignant melanoma  have been reported, but the evidence to date has not been clear cut. Surprisingly, the results have often suggested the possibility that smoking may be inversely associated with melanoma risk .
Elucidation of the cellular mechanisms that contribute to the ontogeny of orderly neural connections is a major theme of developmental neurobiology. Retinal projections have been a widely used experimental system for studies of this issue. This arrangement produces retinotopic maps of the visual field on the surface of each structure.
Ovulation in women is thought to occur spontaneously during each menstrual cycle, regardless of sexual behavior, as a result of positive and negative feedback mechanisms of the hypothalamic pituitary ovarian axis . However, given the potential evolutionary benefits of sexual activity influencing ovulatory function and consequent pregnancy success  and the evidence that sexual activity induces ovulation in other species , it remains to be established whether or not humans have similar biological mechanisms in place to induce or augment ovulatory function  . Female  versus male initiated sexual activity has been shown to be greater around the time of ovulation  and numerous studies have found that sexual activity among women in general peaks during the time of ovulation  as does the desirability of a male partner .
Apolipoprotein E  is a 34 kDa glycosylated protein whose primary function is to transport lipids between cells and throughout the circulatory system. In humans, apoE exists in three isoforms, termed E2, E3, and E4, which differ by the amino acids at residues 112 and 158: E2 ; E3 ; and E4  . Carriers of the APOE ε4 allele have poor prognosis with central nervous system  diseases, most notably Alzheimer's disease  .
Atrial fibrillation  is the most common sustained cardiac arrhythmia, occurring in 1 2% of the general population . The risk of stroke in the setting of AF increases with age, affecting up to 23.5% of patients aged 80 to 90 years . AF confers a 5 fold risk of stroke and one in five of all strokes is attributable to AF .ENREF 3 Recognition of comorbidities associated with increased stroke risk has led to the publication of various stroke risk schemes such as the CHADS2 and, recently, the CHA2DS2 VASc scores .
Glypicans  are a conserved family of cell surface heparan sulfate proteoglycans  that modulate major signaling pathways during embryonic development of fruit flies to mammals . Their expression changes in pathological conditions, such as cancer. GPC3 and/or GPC1 are down regulated in some ovarian cancer and mesothelioma cell lines  while upregulated in others  .
The knowledge of the three dimensional  structure of a protein is crucial in under  standing its biological function. As a result, computational protein structure prediction methods are becoming more and more prevalent . While, in general, template based modeling methods can successfully predict the structures of target proteins characterized by high  sequence identity to other proteins of known structures, they often obtain poor models for targets with low  sequence identity.
Personality—an individual’s habitual pattern of cognition, emotion, and behaviour—is relatively stable and enduring . However, it is not entirely fixed throughout the lifespan, but is more likely to fluctuate during certain developmental phases such as early and late adulthood . Accordingly, in people with brain injury or neurodegenerative disease, dramatic changes in personality can rapidly overcome established premorbid personality traits .
A central goal in cognitive and developmental science is to develop models that capture the richness of human behavior in specific situations and make behavioral predictions that span across situations. This is not a criticism of existing models: it is difficult to capture the details of performance in a single task, let alone generalize across multiple tasks . Thus, although theoretical specificity is an essential goal in cognitive and developmental science, it often comes at the cost of generalization .
In the United States there were 58,000 cases and about 13,000 deaths from renal cell carcinoma in 2009 . Renal cell carcinoma represents 3.9% of all US cancers and 2% of all cancer deaths. The majority of kidney tumors are discovered incidentally during investigation of unrelated complaints.
The renin angiotensin aldosterone system  is a major humoral system involved in the control of blood pressure and volume . This system produces angiotensin II  from a precursor, angiotensinogen , produced by the liver , through sequential activation of two proteases, renin and angiotensin converting enzyme . Renin, produced in the kidney by the afferent arteriolar myoepithelial cells and released into the circulation, cleaves circulating AGT to yield a decapeptide, angiotensin I .
In short echo time  proton MR spectra of the human brain, a number of broad signals are observed which are believed to originate from ‘macromolecular’  compounds with relatively short T2 relaxation times . The biochemical origin of these signals is not completely certain, but it appears that they originate from cytosolic proteins, and perhaps also lipids . The different MM peaks  have been attributed to the various resonances of the protein amino acids, including leucine, isoleucine and valine , threonine, and alanine , lysine and arginine , and glutamate and glutamine .
The clostridial neurotoxins, botulinum neurotoxin  and tetanus neurotoxin  are the most toxic proteins for humans . TeNT is responsible for the paralytic disease tetanus, and BoNT is responsible for botulism. There are differences between TeNT and BoNT, notably clinical pathology and sequence diversity among isolated toxins.
High birth weight  is an established risk factor for childhood acute lymoblastic leukemia . The purpose of this study was to evaluate if birth weight  corrected for gestational age is a better predictor than BW alone for occurrence of ALL and other malignancies in children . Birth certificate data of 2254 children with cancer who were younger than 5 years old at diagnosis and registered at Texas Cancer Registry during 19952003 were compared to 11734 age matched controls.
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma is the predominant form of pancreatic cancer and one of the most lethal and aggressive human malignancies. Approximately 37,000 new cases are diagnosed annually in the United States alone, which is virtually the same number of deaths reported to occur every year due to metastatic complications . Considering these terrible statistics, it is imperative to develop rational molecular target based preventative and therapeutic strategies for this consistently fatal disease .
Fatty acids are biosynthesized by the fatty acid synthase , which consists of several catalytic domains, either present on separate proteins  or on one polypeptide . Fatty acid biosynthesis is catalyzed in iterative cycles by acyl transferases , ketoacyl synthases , a ketoreductase , a dehydratase , and an enoyl reductase  . This set of enzymes is highly conserved throughout all kingdoms of life .
In smooth muscles, contraction is initiated by phosphorylation of the smooth muscle myosin  regulatory light chain  at Ser19 by Ca2+ CaM dependent myosin light chain kinase . ; ; Mutating the actin binding domain significantly decreases the association of MLCK with myofilaments in vitro and with actin containing filaments in smooth muscle cells. MLCK also contains myosin  and CaM binding sites.
Smoking and physical inactivity rank among the top 3 modifiable risk factors for chronic disease and premature death. Physical activitytends to be lower in smoking adults. Clinicians and policy makers might beinterested in knowing how these behaviors cluster within persons over time in orderto plan interventions prompting healthy behavior change.
Recent epidemiological studies using administrative hospital data have reported trends of rising incidence and declining hospital mortality rates associated with severe sepsis in the Unites States . For example, increasing the number of claims for severe sepsis or acute organ failures by including patients who technically meet criteria for severe sepsis but have milder disease may enhance hospital reimbursement but result in lower illness severity among patients identified as having severe sepsis. Such a trend would potentially result in a spurious decline in mortality rates., Thus, without an alternative standard available with which to study mortality trends, it is unclear whether severe sepsis mortality is truly declining or whether reported improvements in severe sepsis outcomes are artifacts of changing coding and discharge practices .
Collective migration involves the coordinated movement of groups, strands or sheets of cells . It is a process essential to development, wound repair and pathogenic disease . This linkage to the cytoskeleton provides a mechanism by which these receptors can interconnect and “hardwire” cells together, integrate mechanical cues to and from the environment, couple the physical properties of cells and coordinate cell behavior.
HIV 1 entry is a multi step process; the trimeric surface glycoprotein of HIV 1, gp120, binds to CD4 on the host cell surface, and undergoes a conformational change enabling an interaction with the alternative coreceptors, CCR5 or CXCR4. Thereafter, the viral and cellular membranes fuse and the viral RNA enters the cell. Agents that inhibit these processes might allow further investigation of the molecular interactions involved, and also have potential as viral therapeutics .
The inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor  α is an important tumor promoter in a variety of experimental animal models whether produced by initiated epithelial cells  or by stromal components . Epithelial ovarian cancer is one cancer in which tumor cell TNF α production has been described . In tissue culture, malignant ovarian epithelial cells secrete picogram quantities of TNF α protein .
Proliferation and differentiation are two fundamental cellular processes in development and cancer. How does AR promote both differentiation and proliferation of the normal prostate epithelium? Early research with AR deficient  mice and tissue reconstitution has established that androgen signaling in prostate epithelial cells directly promotes terminal cellular differentiation, not cell proliferation .
Food insecurity and malnutrition pose barriers to antiretroviral treatment  adherence in resource poor settings, and are often cited by patients, providers, and HIV treatment advocates as main obstacles to accessing and adhering to ART treatment . Some antiretroviral medications must be taken with food  and people who begin treatment but cannot follow food and nutrition recommendations are likely to have increased drug side effects that create significant discomfort or even inhibit eating, which may lead to treatment interruptions or discontinuation. Poor nutrition also affects the efficacy of drug metabolism .
Pathogen recognition is a critical function of innate immunity. In mouse and man, the TLRs represent a family of >10 single transmembrane classical PRRs that detect chemically conserved microbial components, for example, lipopolysaccharide , lipopeptides, and RNA. Ligand engagement of TLR N terminal ectodomains induces receptor dimerization that brings the intracytoplasmic “Toll/interleukin 1  receptor resistance”  domains into close proximity.
Diabetes mellitus  is characterized by changes in fluid balance and blood volume homeostasis . Patients with type 1 diabetes have increased proximal tubular sodium reabsorption . Glomerular hyperfiltration is believed to play a role in the pathophysiology of diabetic nephropathy .
Most animal models of peripheral neuropathic pain involve partial nerve injury and manifest with hypersensitivity to noxious and non noxious stimuli in the neighboring spared territory . However, these models do not distinguish the cellular and molecular pathways specifically responsible for initiating and maintaining neuropathic pain like hypersensitivity  from the more general consequences of nerve damage, including the nerve regeneration response and the cellular stress response associated with altered metabolic and survival pathways. We have exploited the observation that partial nerve injury in rats from birth to the age of 3 weeks does not produce mechanical hypersensitivity  to tease out what is responsible for producing peripheral neuropathic mechanical allodynia in mature animals .
Bone is a dynamic tissue system in a constant state of flux. Old tissue is continuously resorbed by osteoclasts , as new bone is simultaneously laid down by OBs . This is a highly regulated process in which alterations in resorption or formation lead to an imbalance in bone mass.
Vaccination by gene delivery is an important immunization strategy for viral diseases. Naked DNA is the simplest platform for gene delivery. It avoids vector related concerns, is easy to make and temperature stable.
Noninjurious brief ischemia or systemic hypoxia are effective preconditioning stimuli known to promote a state of increased ischemic resistance, or “ischemic tolerance,” in the retina. , In brain models of ischemic tolerance, cytokines, metabolic inhibitors, anesthetics, and a number of pharmacologic treatments can serve as preconditioning stimuli. However, relatively little is known about pharmacologic approaches to establishing ischemic tolerance in the retina.
Acute kidney injury  is a frequent complication following surgery for congenital heart disease associated with cardiopulmonary bypass  procedures and has been associated with poor clinical outcomes . In addition, cardiac disease is a common primary underlying systemic disease in patients with AKI, with the most common cause of AKI being ischemic injury . The development of AKI may result in fluid overload and AKI, further comprising the clinical course, which increases a patient’s mortality risk .
The central nervous system provides several examples of circuits specialized for fast processing because they subserve tasks in which long transmission delays have important behavioral costs. For instance, auditory information reaches the forebrain through a polysynaptic pathway within 10 ms . This BG pathway is essential for vocal learning .
Maintenance of blood glucose levels is one of the most tightly regulated systems in the body, and although all cells require glucose, it is only available from exogenous sources as well as hepatic and to a lesser extent renal cortical gluconeogenisis . Insulin plays a critical role in maintaining normal levels of plasma glucose. There are several key proteins in the insulin/glucose regulatory pathway cascade, including insulin receptor substrate 1  and Akt1/Protein kinase Bα  .
Shinya Yamanaka received the Nobel Prize for Medicine or Physiology in 2012 for his discovery that the forced expression of the transcription factors Oct4, Sox2, Klf4 and cMyc  can induce nuclear reprogramming of somatic cells to induced pluripotent stem cells , . We recently discovered that the retroviral vectors used in nuclear reprogramming are more than mere vehicles for the transcription factors. Specifically, viral dsRNA stimulated TLR3 activated transcriptional pathways  that caused global changes in epigenetic modifiers .
Dementia is a substantial, and growing, public health problem . Roughly 25 million people worldwide  and at least 3.4 million individuals in the United States  have dementia . By 2040, the number of dementia cases worldwide is estimated to increase to 80 110 million  .
Women diagnosed with breast cancer today have significantly better survival outcomes compared with their counterparts 30 years ago . This is attributed to improvements in treatment as well as improved detection of early stage cancer due to screening mammography . Currently, 1525% of newly diagnosed breast cancers are preinvasive ductal carcinoma in situ  , and with improvements in imaging these percentages are likely to increase.
Ovarian cancers arising in the setting of germline mutation of the BRCA1 tumor suppressor gene exhibit particular clinical and molecular features, including predominantly serous histology, a high grade suggestive of a more aggressive malignancy, and distinct gene expression profiles . Furthermore, these tumors exhibit mutational inactivation of p53 in up to 80% of cases . Inactivation of p53 is thought to promote tumor cell survival in the face of BRCA1 dependent defects in DNA repair .
Type 1 diabetes  results from a complex interplay between varying degrees of genetic susceptibility and environmental factors. A trio of interacting facets that create a ‘perfect storm’ for diabetes development have been proposed including  an aberrant intestinal microbiota,  a ‘leaky’ intestinal mucosal barrier and  altered intestinal immune responsiveness . Four lines of evidence support importance of microbes in the development of autoimmunity and subsequent insulin dependence in rodent models for T1D.
Systemic Lupus Erythematosus  is a prototypic systemic autoimmune disease characterized by heterogeneous clinical manifestations including skin rashes, joint pain, glomerulonephritis, thrombocytopenia, hemolytic anemia, atherosclerosis and central nervous system damage . Autoantibody production is the major pathogenic mediator in SLE,  and a hallmark of the disease is the elevation in serum IgG antinuclear antibodies . SLE is an autoimmune and chronic inflammatory disease.
Dopamine  released from the ventral tegmental area  is necessary for the processing of information related to rewarding properties . In addiction and schizophrenia these two firing modes appear to be altered . For instance, withdrawal after chronic ethanol exposure significantly decreases pacemaker activity .
Chagas disease is an emerging parasitic disease in developed countries. In most patients, acute infection results in non specific clinical symptoms. Direct detection of parasites in autopsy specimens and myocardial biopsies has been shown by immuno histochemical and immuno fluorescence techniques  and PCR .
The striatum is a critical nucleus for the basal ganglia’s modulation of motor control and its pathology accounts for many movement disorders. In rodents and cats, striosomes are rich in mu opioid receptors  and exist as a three dimensional labyrinth . In the YAC128 mouse model, the striosome cells show a greater degree of loss in mutant mice than the surrounding matrix when compared to wild type control mice .
Oocyte maturation involves several complex cellular processes encompassing both nuclear and cytoplasmic maturation. Coordination of these events is critical for the normal maturation of the oocyte and subsequent fertilisation and embryo development. A very limited number of IVM NHP oocytes have been used successfully to derive live born off spring .
Rigorous evaluations of abstinence education programs show no effects on adolescent sexual behavior . Cultural models are shared cognitive structures through which human realities are constructed and interpreted . Cultural models related to sex include romance, relationships, curiosity, and the enactment of sexual behavior .
Idiopathic minimal lesion nephrotic syndrome , the most common type of nephrotic syndrome in children and adolescents, is currently considered an immune mediated disease . In 1974 Shalhoub proposed the hypothesis that IMLNS was a T cell disorder . Circulating T cells were postulated to release cytokine that reached the glomerulus and induced an increase in permeability to plasma proteins.
Adipose derived stem cells  are a somatic stem cell population contained in fat tissue that possess the ability for self renewal, differentiation into one or more phenotypes and functional regeneration of damaged tissue, which will benefit the recovery of erectile function by using a stem cell based therapy . We examined the current data associated with the definition and characterization of adipose derived stem cells, including the differentiation of these cells and the initial effects of adipose derived stem cell therapy in a rat model of erectile dysfunction . There is strong evidence supporting the concept that ADSCs are a potential stem cell therapy source for treatment of erectile dysfunction .
Occasional episodic acute complications characterize sickle cell disease  in childhood. These acute complications often become more frequent in adolescents, who additionally begin to display variable degrees of chronic multi organ dysfunction typical of adults with this disorder. Pain resulting from sickle erythrocyte vaso occlusion is the most common acute complication in children, with both pain and priapism potentially becoming frequently recurrent complications.
In 2008, lung cancer was expected to cause 161,840 deaths within the United States. About 16% of these lung cancer patients are expected to have small cell lung cancer . The patients with disease limited to these areas and encompassable within reasonable RT fields have limited stage small cell lung cancer .
The use of zebrafish  in biomedical research has dramatically increased in recent years . Chronic disease caused by Mycobacterium spp. In contrast, Mycobacterium marinum is not frequently seen in zebrafish, but when it occurs it has been associated with acute to chronic infections and also high mortality .
The fusion of the zinc finger domain of the ZNF198 gene with the kinase domain of the FGFR1  gene was originally defined  in an AMPD  with poor prognosis . Since then, variant translocations have been described  where, although the partner gene fused with FGFR1 is different, in all cases analyzed so far, the specific partner gene is anticipated to facilitate dimerization of the FGFR1 kinase domain resulting in its constitutive activation . Various approaches have been taken to investigate the function of the FGFR1 fusion kinases more extensively.
Clinical trials of tobramycin inhalation solution  in patients with cystic fibrosis  with chronic Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection have shown acute improvement in lung function. Improvement in forced expiratory volume in 1 second  has ranged from less than 2% predicted  to a 10% relative improvement in FEV1 % pred. TIS is indicated for the treatment of patients with CF with P. aeruginosa, age ≥6 years, with FEV1 % pred between 25 and 75.
Sulfur mustard  is a potent vesicant that has been used as a chemical warfare agent. Inhalation of sulfur mustard causes lung damage in humans and laboratory animals . Pathological responses in humans include bronchial mucosal injury, inflammation, fibrosis and pneumonia .
It is widely recognized that both the hippocampus and thalamus play a critical role in episodic memory functioning . However, the extent to which the hippocampus and thalamus make unique contributions to episodic memory functioning and the nature of their respective contributions remains somewhat unclear. Recent theories have proposed that the hippocampus and thalamus serve distinct, yet related roles, in episodic memory.
With increasing age, the ability of the immune system to protect against new antigenic challenges or to control chronic infections erodes. The epidemiology of infectious diseases such as influenza infections,  or reactivation of herpes zoster has been informative in defining the timeframe of this age dependent decline in immunocompetence. The focus of immunosenescence research has been predominantly on the adaptive immune system, given that antiviral and vaccine responses are affected.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease  is a progressive lung disease in which impeded airflow makes breathing difficult. COPD is estimated to become the fourth leading cause of death by 2030 . Cigarette smoke is the most important environmental risk factor for COPD, but the development of COPD is not universal in smokers.
Quantitative dietary assessment remains limited by the expense involved in telephone or in person interviews, the time required to conduct quantitative nutrient analyses, and the need for multiple days to capture intra individual intake variation and compare intakes with levels recommended by the National Academy of Science . The most widely used assessment approach in large epidemiologic studies in the US has been the food frequency questionnaire . However, they have failed to demonstrate energy intake validity .
Mammalian mitochondrial DNA  is a covalently closed circular molecule of approximately 16.5 kb. The mechanism by which it replicates is a subject of intense debate. For almost thirty years mtDNA was believed to replicate via a strand displacement mechanism first proposed in 1972 .
HD is an adult onset neurodegenerative disorder characterized by progressive deterioration of cognitive and motor functions . Neurodegeneration occurs most severely in the MSNs of the striatum, and at later stages in the cortex and other regions of the brain . The htt protein is expressed in neurons, including dendrites and axon terminals , and is involved in a wide range of cellular activities including mediating glutamate induced intracellular signaling and vesicle trafficking  .
Parental emotion socialization is defined as the set of practices parents employ to teach their children about the causes and consequences of emotions, the appropriate display of emotions, and how to regulate emotions effectively . However, accumulating recent evidence suggests that the association between parents’ use of non supportive emotion socialization practices and their children's subsequent negative emotional outcomes varies based on ethnicity. In contrast, supportive emotion socialization practices, such as simultaneously encouraging children to express their emotions appropriately and helping them cope with the underlying problem, may reflect confrontative  emotional control in that these practices appear reasoned and serve the long term goal of autonomous emotion regulation ; such practices may be particularly likely among authoritative parents  .
An estimated 3.1% of adults between ages 1549 in Nigeria live with HIV and AIDS . With population of 140 million, Nigeria has greater mortality and morbidity resulting from HIV/AIDS than many other African countries with higher prevalence rates. The epidemic in Nigeria is largely driven by circulating recombinant subtypes A, G, and CRF02_AG .
Myeloproliferative neoplasms  are a heterogeneous disease group. In 2008 the World Health Organization  revised the diagnostic criteria for essential thrombocythemia , polycythemia vera , primary myelofibrosis , myelodysplastic syndrome , and other MPN . Despite increased understanding of MPN, diagnosis and classification remain difficult to impossible in some cases .
Human immunodeficiency virus type 1  as well as other lentiviruses encode for a Vif protein, which has been shown to be essential for HIV 1 replication in certain cell types. The Vif protein of HIV 1 was first shown to interact with apolipoprotein B mRNA editing enzyme catalytic polypeptide like 3G  . This hA3G induced cytidine deamination results in cytidine to uridine changes during minus strand DNA synthesis, which ultimately leads to G to A mutations in the plus strand .
Rheumatoid arthritis  is an autoimmune disease whose pathophysiology involves multiple cellular lineages and inflammatory processes that conspire to produce synovial inflammation, joint pain, joint swelling, and ultimately destruction of cartilage and bone. Further studies in this animal model revealed that MCs are activated by IgG Fc receptors and can contribute to joint inflammation by elaborating IL 1 . The human ortholog of mMCP 6 is hTryptase β, and both serine proteases are sequestered in the MC’s granules ionically bound to heparin containing serglycin proteoglycans.
Spontaneous low frequency fluctuations in the blood oxygenation level dependent  signal, measured using functional magnetic resonance imaging , promise to provide critical information about the functional organization of the brain. Resting state functional connectivity research has already revealed large scale spatial patterns of coherent signals in the brain . In the statistics literature, shrinkage estimators  have been shown to improve upon many traditional estimators, in terms of mean squared error , by shrinking the estimators towards some fixed constant value.
Colorectal cancer  represents a major public health problem accounting for over 1 million cases of new cancer and about half a million deaths worldwide annually . The lifetime risk of developing CRC is 1 in 17, affecting men and women alike, with 90% of cases occurring after the age of 50 years . CRC is thought to develop from the progressive accumulation of genetic mutations, many of which affect the control of apoptosis .
Malaria is a serious public health problem in tropical regions of the world and is responsible for about 1.5 million deaths yearly, mainly among sub Saharan children under 5 years old . AMA1 is thought to participate in the re orientation and attachment of merozoites to red blood cells, a crucial phase in red blood cell invasion by the parasite . The IFN γ ELISPOT is the most widely used technique .
Neurohumoral activation in congestive heart failure  is thought to be important in the mechanisms of sudden cardiac death  and malignant ventricular arrhythmias. For more than 3 decades, power spectral analysis of heart rate variability , an indirect technique for assessing autonomic modulation of the cardiovascular signals, has been used as a noninvasive clinical tool for measuring autonomic nervous system  activity. In patients with CHF, however, decreased  LF power is associated with the risk of SCD or progression of CHF.
Multiple studies have demonstrated acute increases in cardiovascular mortality and morbidity associated with both increasing and decreasing ambient temperature . Due to climate change, there is the potential for more extreme temperatures, both hot and cold, which may increase cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. However, the mechanisms through which these acute changes in temperature may act are unclear.
For more than eight decades, it has been known that cancer cells exhibit altered metabolism when compared to their normal counterparts . These alterations include increased rates of glycolysis and pentose phosphate cycle activity along with slightly reduced mitochondrial respiration . Originally these metabolic abnormalities were thought to result from some impairment or damage to the cancer cell’s ability to undergo respiration  but the underlying mechanisms responsible for these metabolic abnormalities are still not well understood .
Plethora of preclinical studies indicated that recombinant erythropoietin , a pleiotropic cytokine, is neuroprotective . Furthermore, studies from our laboratory indicated that vascular protective effects of EPO could also be extended to large cerebral arteries . While existing evidence supporting neuroprotective and vascular protective effects of EPO makes it an appealing candidate for evaluation of protection against cerebrovascular disorders, the effects of EPO on cerebral microvessels, the vascular component in the neurovascular unit mediating trophic support and regulating blood flow in brain, has not been investigated.
Sudden unexplained death due to cardiac arrhythmia may occur at any age. When death occurs during infancy for no apparent reason a diagnosis of the sudden infant death syndrome  may be appropriate. , Whether cardiac arrhythmia susceptibility presenting in early life represents a biologically distinct disease is an unanswered question .
Alcohol exposure in utero is one of the leading preventable causes of poor birth outcomes. Exposure to alcohol during pregnancy puts a child at risk for a range of negative impacts, including premature delivery, neonatal death, low birth weight, birth defects, and neurodevelopmental disorders . Drinking during pregnancy therefore has severe consequence not only for a mother and her child, but also for society as a whole .
Methamphetamine  is a stimulant drug of abuse. This drug can be synthesized with relative ease using readily available precursors. Use of METH continues to spread throughout the United States due in large part to its widespread availability and its high abuse potential.
Skeletal development, growth, function and repair are complex processes mediated by multiple cell types, such as osteoblasts, chondrocytes and osteoclasts, which are regulated by diverse microenvironmental cues including cell extracellular matrix  interactions. Osterix is also expressed in prehypertrophic and hypertrophic chondrocytes and odontoblasts and regulates hypertrophic chondrocyte maturation . Once formed, diaphyseal lengthening of long bones occurs at the cartilaginous growth plate , while diametric expansion occurs through intramembranous ossification at the periosteum.
Hyaluronic acid  is a high molecular weight carbohydrate polymer that plays a role in tissue growth, development, wound healing, and inflammation. HA consists of a disaccharide unit  repeated several thousand times. HA can be considered an “honorary proteoglycan,” i.e., a pure glycosaminoglycan without any protein component.
In the United States, hepatoma and pancreatic carcinomas have 5 year survival rates of less than 10% and less than 5%, respectively . These statistics emphasize the need to develop novel therapies against these lethal malignancies . The extracellular signalregulated kinase 1/2  pathway is frequently dysregulated in neoplastic transformation .
Our understanding of organismal evolution has improved significantly in recent decades, thanks largely to the contributions of improved molecular techniques and new microscopy data. One of the most widespread hypotheses roots the eukaryote tree between the Unikonta, unicellular organisms whose ancestral mode of locomotion appears to have been based on a single cilium and basal body, and the Bikonta . A sister group relationship between the Amoebozoa and the Opisthokonta has been supported by several molecular phylogenies  and molecular synapomorphies .
Intestinal immune homeostasis must encompass effective defense against pathogens but tolerance to antigens from food and commensals. Therefore, the gastrointestinal tract maintains a highly active and specialized immune system capable of activation or attenuation in response to specific antigens., Tregs developing in the thymus are known as natural Treg , whereas those developing from conventional T cells are termed induced Treg  cells. Humans with mutations in the Foxp3 gene suffer from autoimmune diseases such as colitis, underlining the importance of Treg for intestinal homeostasis.
Organogenesis depends on the precise execution of discrete gene expression cascades and the acquisition of stable cell identities from multi potent progenitors. DNA methylation on cytosine is a heritable epigenetic modification that is pivotal in regulating the transcriptional accessibility of the genome ). Cytosine methylation is often inversely correlated with gene expression ), and is required for the transcriptional silencing of imprinted genes and transposons, as well as the somatic inactivation of sex chromosomes ).
Because of its multiple vital functions, it is critical that the central nervous system  be successfully defended against pathogens. In fact, several recent observations suggest that induction of regeneration of normal CNS function may depend critically upon the co initiation of an immune response . On the negative side, excessive and/or chronic glial reactivity, in conjunction with the presence of adaptive immune cells within the CNS, can damage the CNS by inducing neuronal death and by blocking axonal myelination.
Methadone is a long acting μ opioid agonist that is highly effective for the treatment of opioid dependency. Among the opioid drug class, methadone is prescribed to a minority of patients, but is disproportionately implicated in opioid related deaths. While the higher lethality of methadone likely reflects its potency and long half life, it is known to block the cardiac delayed rectifier potassium ion current  and has been associated with prolongation of the rate corrected QT interval  and torsade de pointes.
Multiple myeloma  is a progressive hematological malignancy that ultimately results in renal failure, lytic bone lesions, hypercalcemia, and anemia . Standard myeloma treatment traditionally involves high dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell transplant . However, greater understanding of the biology of myeloma has resulted in the development of targeted drugs, affecting intracellular survival pathways as well as the interaction of myeloma cells with the bone marrow microenvironment .
Temporal lobe epilepsy  is a common cause of intractable seizures , but mechanisms governing seizure propensity in TLE remain elusive. In many animal TLE models, an initial episode of status epilepticus  followed by a seizure free interval  before spontaneous seizures commence. In TLE, seizures often originate in the hippocampus .
Understanding the transmission dynamic of generalized HIV epidemics is key to prevention strategies. One model estimated that the majority of infections occurred within long term stable HIV serodiscordant couples, suggesting that couples voluntary counseling and testing  could prevent transmission, mitigating the epidemic., An alternative approach estimated that upwards of two thirds of infections occurred via multiple partnerships, predominantly outside of stable relationships, and thus would not be amenable to a CVCT intervention. We examined this issue using data on incident infections from Rakai, Uganda before and after the availability of antiretroviral therapy  .
Autonomic innervation is the primary extrinsic control mechanism regulating heart rate variability and cardiac performance. Chronic hyperglycemia promotes progressive autonomic neural dysfunction and cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy . Presence of CAN may be documented by abnormal heart rate variability.
In activated macrophages and neutrophils, excessive amounts of NO  are produced by inducible NO synthase to kill pathogenic bacteria and tumor cells . Among the primary targets of NO cytotoxicity are the iron containing redox centers hemes and iron sulfur clusters in proteins . Unlike reversible binding of NO to hemes in proteins , iron sulfur clusters are completely disrupted by NO forming the protein bound DNICs  .
Mutations in the PARK2 gene, which encodes the ubiquitin ligase, parkin, cause autosomal recessive juvenile parkin sonism . Parkin is found throughout the brain, including the hippocampus . Despite a lack of consistent overt motor phenotypes in parkin knockout mice created by several different groups , non motor alterations including behavioral phenotypes indicative of hippocampal dysfunction have been described in some of these mice .
A major quest in neuroscience is to understand the anatomical and functional organization of the brain. A classic study of anatomical organization is Brodmann’s division of the human cortex into distinct areas based on structural features including cellular density, cellular type, and the composition of the cortical layers . Presumably this cortical myelination speeds the conduction of signals to the input layer of areas that require fast responses, such as the primary sensory areas .
Lung cancer is the second most common malignancy in the US and is responsible for more deaths than any other cancer. Pulmonary resection provides the best chance of cure for patients with early stage disease. Blacks with early stage lung cancer have lower 5 year survival rates than whites, and this difference in outcome has been attributed to lower rates of resection among blacks.
The effect of vitamin D on calcium and phosphate homeostasis is well known. However, the intracellular vitamin D receptor is broadly distributed among a variety of tissues, including leukocytes, vascular smooth muscle cells , and juxtaglomerular cells, implying other potential effects of vitamin D.   In addition, the 1α hydroxylase enzyme  is also widely distributed, expressed in endothelial cells, VSMC, macrophages, and various locations in the kidney. Experimental studies demonstrate that 1,252D inhibits renin expression,,  enhances insulin secretion and sensitivity,,  and blocks proliferation of VSMC.
Temporal Lobe Epilepsy  is a common form of focal epilepsy associated with major synaptic remodeling and rewiring of neuronal circuitry. The mechanisms for these changes are still being determined . Chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans , particularly members of the lectican family, which include versican, neurocan, brevican, and aggrecan are the major components of the PN .
Obliterative bronchiolitis , and its clinical manifestation bronchiolitis obliterans syndrome, is a fibrotic airway obstruction disease that develops in response to many different stimuli, including toxicant exposure  and respiratory infections . Unfortunately, predicting which lung transplant recipients develop OB pathology has been unsuccessful to date due to a lack of discernible risk factors. IL 13 acts through its remodeling effects on airway epithelial cells .
Microglia, the principal resident innate immune cells in the central nervous system , have diverse roles in health and disease. Microglial activation is associated with virtually all CNS disorders or injuries, although their role in pathophysiology is not fully understood. Emerging studies suggest that microglia also play active roles in the healthy CNS .
The tripartite fibroblast growth factor  signaling system comprised of oligomeric combinations of variants of four transmembrane tyrosine kinases , diverse oligosaccharides within heparan sulfate and 18 transmembrane receptor activating FGFs is a ubiquitous mediator of tissue homeostasis through sensing perturbation and mediating cell to cell communication . Cell specific expression of FGFR isotype, heparin sulfate oligosaccharide motifs and other co factors combine to confer cell and tissue specificity of FGF signaling both in respect to activating FGF  and activation of downstream intracellular pathways . In addition to cell proliferation which has been most widely studied, FGF signaling impacts a wide variety of phenotypic responses related to tissue homeostasis that include cell migration, adhesion, death, differentiation and specialized functions .
Cigarette smoking, the leading cause of death in USA, accounts for ∼440,000 deaths and costs more than 167 related billion dollars, annually . The components of inhalational smoke enter the body through the pulmonary alveoli and are distributed throughout all tissues by blood via capillary vessel. Thus, the smoking components travel within the blood, which contains immune cells such as B cells, T cells, monocytes, and other active components.
POLQ  is a member of the A family of DNA polymerases, which, unusually for this class of polymerases, synthesizes DNA with very low fidelity . The precise physiological functions of this protein are currently unclear. However a recent study found that mutation types and frequencies were similar in wild type, POLQ−/−, POLH−/−, and POLQ−/−POLH−/− mice .
The primary function of the endothelium is to act as a living barrier between blood and tissue that can, among many other functions, control the passage of molecules and leukocytes into and out of the bloodstream. The expression of intercellular adhesion molecule 1  and vascular endothelial cell adhesion molecule  on the activated endothelium subsequently triggers a transition from rolling to firm adhesion via leukocyte integrins. ,,, This firm adhesion allows the leukocytes to actively migrate on the endothelium, often exploring at or near cell—cell junctions, and finally locate a site to transmigrate through the endothelium at both junctional and nonjunctional locations.
Nuclear factor κB  is a transcription factor with critical roles in a number of inflammatory responses, as well as oncogenesis, metastasis and chemoresistance. Stimulation of cells with inflammatory cytokines leads to activation of the canonical pathway, which is mediated by phosphorylation of the IκB proteins by inhibitory κB kinases  . Once freed from its binding proteins in the cytoplasm, NF κB is able to accumulate in the nucleus and interact with regulatory elements and affect gene specific transcription  .
High gamma  oscillations of electrocorticogram  signals play a crucial role both for functional brain mapping  and for BCI research . These HG signals are spatially localized over specific areas of the cortex directly related to the individuals environment and behavior. The major advantages of the HG signals compared to the traditional alpha and beta signals are  an increased information transfer rate and  a higher spatial specificity .
Magnesium  is the most abundant divalent cation in biology and is essential to all living cells as it participates in a myriad of key physiological and biochemical processes, from enzymatic activity to genomic stability. Since the discovery of the CorA gene, the pioneering work of Maguire and colleagues using in vivo radiotracer measurement have provided the functional and genetic basis for its role in bacteria, , . The structures of CorA from Thermotoga maritima offered the first structural template to understand Mg2+ permeation and transport, , .
The Microscale Life Sciences Center  at the University of Washington is dedicated to performing multi parameter analysis at the single cell level . Studying individual cells allows for a more comprehensive understanding of a cell’s activities. Understanding the characteristics of outlier cells is believed to be essential for developing better diagnoses and treatments of such ailments as heart disease, stroke, and cancer .
MicroRNAs  are small ~22 nucleotide  RNAs that post transcriptionally regulate gene expression . Thus, miRNAs are important regulators of basic cellular and developmental processes, and misregulation of miRNA expression has been associated with a multitude of biological effects, including disease  . Transcription by RNA polymerase II yields primary  miRNA transcripts that are subsequently capped and polyadenylated .
Melanoma is a skin cancer arising from the uncontrolled proliferation and invasion of melanocytes. It has also been proposed that melanoma cells switch between mutually exclusive invasive and proliferative states., NICD binds to the DNA binding factor RBPSUK  and leads to increased transcription of target genes. Melanoma cells with constitutively active Notch signalling show increased motility in vitro and increased lung colonisation, through Notch mediated regulation of N cadherin.
The thermophilic bacterium T. thermophilus has become a model organism for understanding life at extreme temperatures . It is also a rich source of proteins and macromolecular complexes for which structures have been determined including RNA polymerase , the 70S ribosome  and the Cmr complex of the CRISPR Cas host defense system . T. thermophilus HB27 is particularly well suited as a model thermophile as its genome is completely sequenced , it is easily cultivated aerobically in the laboratory, it is sensitive to a wide array of antibiotics  and the rate of DNA uptake and transformation are particularly unique.
Hypothyroidism, and to a lesser degree, hyperthyroidism and thyroid cancer, occur at increased rates following radiotherapy exposure to the thyroid. Children treated for acute lymphoblastic leukemia  may receive cranial or craniospinal radiotherapy as part of therapy, placing them at risk of thyroid dysfunction due to disruption of the hypothalamic pituitary axis and/or direct injury to the thyroid gland. While the risk of thyroid dysfunction has been described following higher dose radiotherapy given for brain tumors and Hodgkin lymphoma, the effect of lower doses given to ALL patients has not been as well characterized.
Cocaine is a highly abused psychostimulant with repeated use potentially culminating in drug addiction. Elucidating the molecular mechanisms underlying acute/occasional drug use and repeated drug taking is essential for understanding addiction. Cocaine is a monoamine transporter inhibitor therefore blocking the reuptake of dopamine, serotonin and norepinephrine into presynaptic neurons resulting in enhanced synaptic levels of these neurotransmitters .
Epilepsy is a common neurological disorder that affects about 1% of the world's population , and genetic epilepsy  syndromes comprise ~30% of all cases . The receptor is composed of five subunits, and the predominant synaptic receptors are composed of two α subunits, two β subunits and one γ2 subunit. The most common epilepsy associated GABAA receptor gene  is GABRG2, and epilepsy mutations in γ2 subunits have been shown to decrease receptor function by altering receptor biogenesis or channel function .
Paclitaxel is a microtubule dynamics inhibitor widely used in cancer chemotherapy. It was originally isolated from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia, and was subsequently developed commercially by Bristol Myer Squibb and sold under the trademark Taxol. The incidence of neuropathy in patients receiving paclitaxel is estimated to be 5090 % and is characterized by dysesthesia  of the hands and feet .
By the year 2030 there will be about 70 million Americans aged 65 and older. This dramatic increase in the elderly population will place significant stress on the healthcare system and increase the number of older individuals seen by almost all types of physicians. The problem is compounded by the failure to train a specialized physician workforce sufficient to provide either primary or consultative care of the scope needed.
Helper dependent adenoviral  vectors hold tremendous potential for a large number of therapeutic applications ranging from inherited disorders to cancer and vaccination. HDAd can infect a large variety of cell types to mediate long term, high level expression without chronic toxicity. However, a major disadvantage of HDAd is the induction of a potent and potentially lethal acute reaction following systemic injection of high vector doses.
The requirements for successful cancer immunotherapy are not fully understood. Tumor vaccines that successfully result in the stimulation of large numbers of tumor specific CTL do not necessarily result in tumor destruction . One is the relatively low affinity of the T cell repertoire specific for self/tumor antigens caused by mechanisms of tolerance that delete and inactivate T cells with high affinity for self antigen .
Insulator DNA sequences are thought to partition the genome into functional chromosomal domains to regulate gene transcription . The compartmentalization of chromatin into distinct regulatory domains seems to alter interactions between target genes and nearby cis acting enhancer elements . CTCF was the first human insulator DNA binding protein identified that is a ubiquitously expressed, highly conserved, zinc finger protein that has multiple roles in gene regulation , including regulation of the imprinted maternal H19 allele .
Branched tubular organs such as the lung, vascular system, and kidney are essential for transporting oxygen, nutrients, and cells in all multicellular organisms. The fully developed trachea consists of four types of tubes that differ in sizes and architecture . These tubes are comprised of a linear arrangement of single cells whose apical surfaces surround an extracellular lumen.
Genetic analysis can be used to identify genes required for specific behaviors and can lead to the identification of neural circuits and molecular mechanisms underlying the behavior. The fruit fly, Drosophila melanogaster, is an ideal model organism for investigating the molecular mechanisms or circuits underlying male and female sexual behaviors owing to the availability of vast genetic information and clearly defined behaviors. In Drosophila, female sex pheromones evoke male courtship behavior , and male courtship songs produced by wing vibrations stimulate the sexual receptivity in virgin females .
Nipah and Hendra viruses are highly pathogenic paramyxoviruses of the henipavirus genus that cause acute encephalitis and respiratory illness. The geographical distribution of these reservoir bats partially coincides with the distribution of HNV outbreaks and spillovers events around the Indian Ocean, reaching from Australia  to Southeast Asia and the Indian subcontinent . raised the possibility of lateral transfer of HNV from or to other Eidolon species on mainland Africa and hypothesized a much wider distribution of HNV.
The health benefits of physical activity  and aerobic fitness for children are well established . In general, published research indicates a positive, or at worst, a null association of PA and aerobic fitness with AA . conducted a three year randomized trial with elementary aged students to increase their PA to at least 90 weekly minutes by integrating PA and academic lessons in intervention classrooms.
Frontotemporal dementia  is a set of progressive disorders affecting predominantly the frontal and/or anterior temporal lobes of the brain. Clinically, it is characterized by prominent impairment in personality, behavior and/or language . Approximately 35 40% of autosomal dominant FTD results from mutations in the gene encoding microtubule associated protein tau  on chromosome 17q21  and show abnormal tau pathology in the brain .
Emerging evidence suggests that a significant number of the gene mechanisms that contribute to risk for schizophrenia modulate complex cognitive functions that depend upon the prefrontal cortex and medial temporal lobe . For example, a rare haplotype within the DISC1 gene associates with low prefrontal cortical volume and impairments in cognitive function, specifically working memory . These genotype phenotype relationships further underscore the value of cognitive mechanisms as candidate endophenotypes for schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders .
Enzymes that produce nicotinamide from the catabolism of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide  are now appreciated to mediate many physiological processes that were nearly unimaginable just a decade ago. These enzymes include poly polymerases , monotransferases, ADP ribosyl cyclases, and sirtuin protein deacetylases. After DNA damage, PARPs consume NAD+ to form large ADP ribose polymers and nicotinamide.
Depression has substantial public health implications. It is also one of the most common psychiatric illnesses. Studies dating back to the early 20th century have provided evidence that depression runs in families .
The coronary vasculature is essential for heart function, yet the processes that govern its formation are incompletely understood. It then envelops the developing heart, thus giving rise to the epicardium, the outer, mesothelial layer of the heart . Fibroblast growth factor s and transforming growth factor β ?
Rodents are capable of fine tactile discrimination tasks that require detection and processing of rapid whisker movements occurring in close succession . Thalamic barreloid neurons respond typically with 0 3 spikes per stimulus to single or periodic whisker deflections, with a mean of less than 2 spikes/stimulus . This sparse firing indicates that a neuronal code based on single cell response magnitudes or interspike intervals is unlikely to be employed.
Prostaglandins  play a diverse role in many physiological and pathological events in the human body. mPGES 1 is reported to play a key role in a number of disease conditions, including inflammation, arthritis, fever, pain, cancer, stroke, and bone disorders. Unlike COX inhibition, inhibition of terminal mPGES 1 will only block the production of PGE2 without affecting the production of other prostaglandins including PGI2.
Social networks are defined as the web of social relationships that surround an individual. Previous studies have found that greater social network size measured close in time or prior to diagnosis is associated with better survival after a breast cancer diagnosis. In the Nurses’ Health Study  of 2,835 postmenopausal women with any stage breast cancer, Kroenke and colleagues found that socially isolated women, i.e., those with small networks, were twice as likely to die of their breast cancer than socially integrated women.
Hypertension is the most common primary diagnosis in the US with about 35 million office visits and is a major risk factor for stroke, myocardial infarction, heart failure, and chronic kidney disease. The lifetime risk of developing hypertension is 90%  among adults between 55 and 65 years. It has been recognized that modifiable lifestyle factors  could play an important role in the prevention of hypertension.
Cannabis, the most widely used illicit drug worldwide, exerts dose related psychoactive effects when the primary psychoactive component, Δ9 tetrahydrocannabinol , interacts with cannabinoid receptors in brain. THC binding to the CB1 cannabinoid receptor leads to the “high” experienced by cannabis smokers . THC is metabolized by hepatic cytochrome P450 enzymes 2C9 and 2C19 to the equipotent monohydroxy compound , 11 hydroxy THC , and undergoes further oxidation to non psychoactive 11 nor 9 carboxy THC  .
Tobacco smoking causes 500,000 deaths annually in the United States, and nicotine is the single most important pharmacological agent responsible for tobacco addiction . Nicotine, cotinine and 3HC undergo further phaseII detoxification reactions by conjugation with glucuronic acid via catalysis by the UDP glucuronosyltransferase  family of enzymes. Approximately 90% of the systemic dose of nicotine is excreted through the urine, and while both O  and N glucuronidation of 3HC was observed in HLM, only its O glucuronide, 3HC Gluc, was detectedin the urine of smokers  .
Relationships between objective measures of chronic rhinosinusitis  and health related quality of life  remain elusive for patients electing endoscopic sinus surgery . However, a patients’ symptomatic experience has been shown, at best, to be weakly associated with objective findings such as computed tomography  results. , In fact, most of the literature shows that CT imaging does not correlate well with patient symptoms or HRQOL.
Myocardial infarction  and stroke are the leading vascular contributors to illness and death in the United States,,  with hundreds of thousands of Americans experiencing one of these events annually. In 2010, 7.6 million US adults were MI survivors and 6.8 million were stroke survivors, and these prevalence rates are predicted to increase by up to 25% over the next two decades owing to treatment advances and growth of the population aged 65 or older. The chronic care of MI and stroke survivors will place huge burdens on families, health care systems, and public programs such as Medicare and Medicaid .
Several cluster randomized HIV prevention trials aim to demonstrate the population level preventive impact of antiretroviral therapy . 2013 World Health Organization guidelines raising the ART initiation threshold to CD4<500/µL could attenuate these trials’ effect size by increasing ART usage in control clusters . We used a computational model to simulate strategies from a hypothetical cluster randomized HIV prevention trial.
Wnt signaling plays an essential role in the regulation of bone homeostasis and fracture repair . Activation of Wnt signaling by means of secreted Wnts leads to increased bone formation. This anabolic activity is regulated by the expression of several Wnt antagonists, such as secreted frizzled related proteins , Wnt inhibitory factor 1 , Dickkopf 1  and Sclerostin .
Environmental factors and genetic variants acting alone and in combination influence two interrelated and highly prevalent metabolic diseases, obesity and atherosclerosis . Thus, continued efforts to characterize gene gene and gene environment interactions and to identify specific genes remain important endeavors . This CSS panel consists of 21 inbred strains of mice, each with a single A/J derived chromosome  that was introgressed into the C57BL/6J  genome by multiple backcrosses and selection .
Focal adhesion kinase  is an important cancer target, because FAK gene amplification and protein overexpression have been demonstrated in a wide range of malignancies . FAK is a non receptor protein tyrosine kinase that integrates signals from integrins and growth factor receptors to regulate cell proliferation, survival, migration, invasion and cancer stem cell  renewal . Although elevated FAK expression is often observed in human tumors, no specific mutations or translocations have been identified to predict which patient population is most likely to respond to a FAK inhibitor.
Drug transport into the nail is expected to be influenced by formulation factors, such as pH. pH can influence nail permeability by affecting the degree of drug ionization within the solution or by altering the keratin matrix within the nail itself. Conversely, Malhotra and Zatz and Kobayashi et al. found pH to be an influential factor in determining nail permeability.
Fibrinogen is a 340,000 kDa protein synthesized in the liver that plays an essential role in clot formation. Fibrinogen is composed of two sets of three polypeptide chains: Aα, Bβ and γ, which are assembled with the stoichiometry 2 . This allows for interaction of neighboring fibrin monomers to form the matrix that is the foundation of a fibrin clot.
Reactive oxygen species  are produced by metabolic processes such as oxidative phosphorylation, and the cytochrome p450 monoxygenase system, but can also be generated by radiation or other environmental exposures. We previously reported that plasma protein carbonyls, and urinary 15 f2t isoprostanes, were associated with an increase in breast cancer risk in a large case control study . Additionally, higher levels of 8 oxodG adducts have been detected in breast tumor tissue compared with adjacent non tumor tissue, and with normal breast tissue from controls .
Reactive oxygen species  generated during prolonged ischemia and subsequent reperfusion are known to contribute to ischemia/reperfusion injury , although, paradoxically, transient ROS generation is also an essential trigger for cardioprotection by ischemic  and pharmacologic preconditioning . In cardiac cells, mitochondria are the major source of ROS, although intracellular NADPH oxidase, xanthine oxidase, monoamine oxidase, etc., may become important ROS sources under pathophysiological conditions. Mitochondria energized with physiologically relevant NADH related substrates produce very little ROS, unless other factors, such as respiratory chain inhibitors  or mitochondrial ATP sensitive K channel activators  are also present.
Traumatic injury accounted for 30% of all life years lost in the United States and was the leading cause of death in Americans between 1 and 44 years old . In preclinical trauma studies, alcohol induced vasodilation, diuresis, decreased cardiac output, impaired vasoreactivity, and depressed myocardial contractility negatively impacted resuscitation and worsened outcomes . Alcohol exposed trauma victims who survived their injuries were at increased risk for nosocomial infection and acute respiratory distress syndrome .
Vision is an active process—we frequently move our eyes, head, and body to acquire visual information to guide our actions. In some cases, self movement generates visual information that would not be available otherwise, such as the motion parallax cues to depth that accompany translation of the observer, . When we rotate our eyes to track a point of interest, we add a pattern of full field motion to the retinal image, altering the patterns of visual motion that are caused by self motion or moving objects.
Inorganic polyphosphates are used in the meat industry to increase the water holding capacity  of pork, poultry and beef products . Polyphosphate use in comminuted meat products improves yield and is particularly useful for production of low salt products  . Another mechanism that is less understood is their action on actomyosin.
Completion of a blood meal by the tick Ixodes scapularis requires an extended period of feeding during which it can transmit the pathogenic spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi. One group of inhibitors that have been characterized from tick saliva contains cystatin like molecules that were named sialostatin L and sialostatin L2 . The structures of several vertebrate cystatins have been determined, either as free molecules or in complex with target proteases .
Abdominal aortic calcification  is associated with incident myocardial infarction or stroke, but no study has reported the association of AAC on lateral spine dual energy X ray absorptiometry  images with coronary artery calcium . The primary aim of this study was to assess the association between AAC scored on lateral spine DXA images intended for vertebral fracture assessment  using a validated 24 point semi quantitative scale and coronary artery calcium detected with electron beam computed tomography  in community dwelling older men and women without known heart disease. The secondary aims of this study were to assess the association between AAC scored on VFA images with a newer simplified 8 point semi quantitative scale and CAC scored with EBCT, and to perform an exploratory analysis of the additional prediction of a high CAC level from the additional of AAC score on lateral spine DXA images combined with clinical risk factors compared to the prediction of CAC from clinical risk factors alone .
Silencing is distinct from classic gene repression in its ability to block transcription throughout a chromosomal region. Hence, silencing of HML and HMR is needed for a robust mating ability . Although silencing is constitutive in yeast, conditional or inducible alleles of the Sir proteins have revealed orchestrated events that establish silencing de novo.
Human rhinoviruses  cause the common cold and are frequently detected in asthma exacerbations. RV typically induces neutrophilic inflammation in the upper airways of both asthmatic and non asthmatic patients; however, in asthmatics these infections can lead to more severe lower respiratory symptoms, as well as reductions in lung function. Interestingly, the severity of asthma symptoms may not be related to viral load, prolonged viral shedding, or to differences in proinflammatory cytokines in the upper airway secretions.
Individuals with schizophrenia consistently show impairments in social cognition . SC has become a potential treatment target due to its association with functional outcomes. An alternative method of assessment is to administer an observer based scale incorporating an informant’s “first hand” impressions in ratings .
An increase in urban populations in developing countries has been accompanied by increased industrial activities, an indiscriminate use of pesticides, a lack of environmental regulation and an increase in poorly planned cities, all resulting in environmental pollution . The presence of Aedes aegypti   larvae has been confirmed in polluted habitats such as drains containing domestic wastewater and man made aquatic habitats , habitats previously not associated with this species of mosquito. Metallic habitats are of particular interest as they provide a source of metal contamination directly to the breeding site.
The insulin/IGF 1 like signaling  pathway is an evolutionarily conserved neuro endocrine pathway that regulates metabolism, development, stress resistance and lifespan . These kinases in turn function to negatively regulate the forkhead transcription factor , DAF 16  . Thus DAF 16 is a major downstream target of the IIS pathway.
The Breast Cancer Susceptibility Gene 1  encodes a tumor suppressor that acts to maintain genetic stability. Individuals that inherit a mutation in BRCA1 are predisposed to developing breast, ovarian, and other cancers. BRCA1 mutated breast cancers are particularly aggressive and exhibit poor outcomes compared to other subtypes of breast cancer.
Federal regulation of cigarettes and other tobacco products has been recommended as an element of a broad based approach to reduce the disease burden of tobacco use . One component of federal regulation is likely to be the power to mandate limits of emissions of tobacco smoke toxins. Nicotine is responsible for tobacco induced disease in that it sustains tobacco use.
Current standard combination chemotherapy regimens for patients with metastatic CRC contain 5 fluorouracil  in combination with oxaliplatin or irinotecan. Although the response rate to systemic therapies is ~50%, drug resistance develops in nearly all patients with metastatic CRC, leading to ~50,000 deaths each year in the United States . A better understanding of the mechanisms by which cancer cells develop resistance to individual chemotherapeutic agents is urgently needed to identify novel therapeutic targets and methods that would improve survival .
The behavioral investigation of human memory has been of interest to neuropsychologists for several decades. Certain behavioral tests, in particular free recall, clearly display the memory deficit associated with a number of types of brain damage , neurological disorders , and healthy aging . A number of prominent studies have documented the organizational difficulties exhibited by various patient groups in free recall.
The vascular injury in systemic sclerosis  occurs very early in the disease, even before the onset of fibrosis. This immune cell recruitment is facilitated by vascular endothelial cells which, upon injury, upregulate adhesion molecules such as VCAM 1, ICAM 1 and E selectin, ultimately leading to immune activation, cell recruitment and tissue damage. This process has been observed in SSc clinicalpathological studies, as there is a strong correlation between immune cell infiltration and the severity and progression of skin disease.
A growing interest in the field of glycobiology, defined in a broad sense as the study of sugars and their roles in biology, has emerged in recent years. Research in this area has uncovered many roles for both glycolipids and glycoproteins in the basic functioning of the brain. Further, disruptions in these systems have been linked to several neurological disorders, such as Alzheimer's disease  and Huntington's disease .
Dendritic cells  are the primary antigen presenting cells  that mediate T cell immunity and tolerance . In skin, it is thought that epidermal Langerhans cells  and dermal dendritic cells  serve this role by taking up antigen  in the periphery and acting as sentinels. Following activation by pathogenic stimuli skin DCs upregulate MHC II, CD40, CD80, and CD86 molecules and migrate to the skin draining lymph nodes  to prime naïve T cells .
The importance of karyotype at diagnosis in predicting outcome in patients with acute myeloid leukemia  and myelodysplastic syndrome  is well established. These studies have clearly demonstrated that the outcome for patients with chromosome 5 and 7 abnormalities  have an inferior leukemia free survival and overall survival when traditional cytotoxic chemotherapy, including combinations of cytarabine and anthracyclines, are used. Such inferior outcome is also seen even with the use of allogeneic stem cell transplantation in first complete remission .
Internationally, the Peer Change Agent  model is one of the most frequently used conceptual frameworks for HIV prevention interventions . Peer change agents  are generally trained to use similar strategies to communicate HIV risk reduction messages among targeted peers. Change agents themselves, however, can often be more important than the messages they convey.
CL was the first polyglycerolphospholipid discovered and was first isolated from beef heart by Mary Pangborn . CL also plays an essential role in mitochondrial biogenesis , and the assembly of respiratory enzyme supercomplexes . Phosphatidic acid is converted to cytidine diphosphate 1,2 diacyl sn glycerol  catalyzed by cytidinediphosphate 1,2 diacyl sn glycerol synthetase .
The mitogen activated protein  kinase / extracellular signal regulated kinase  pathway regulates cell cycle progression, cellular growth, survival, differentiation, and senescence by responding to extracellular signals. However, patients become resistant within a year of treatment . Oncogene induced senescence is a process that is thought to suppress tumorigenesis.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease  is the most common of liver pathologies and is closely associated with obesity and the metabolic syndrome. The mechanisms leading to NASH are multifactorial. The “two hit” model of NASH was proposed in 1998  in which alterations in lipid homeostasis associated with obesity, insulin resistance and adipokine disruption result in steatosis and constitute the “first hit”.
It has been postulated that in schizophrenia there is a progressive excitotoxic process involving excessive glutamatergic activity in various cortical and subcortical fields that may account for the deteriorating course of the illness. This leads to neuronal dysfunction and underlies the deteriorating cognitive and social functional state characteristic of the illness, despite the beneficial symptomatic effects of antipsychotic medications. Most of the evidence for this process is indirect and stems from pharmacological studies with N methyl D aspartate receptor  blockers.
Gap junctions, formed by connexin  molecules, are transmembrane channels allowing the exchange of small molecules , such as metabolites, ions and second messengers between contacting cells. Mutations of connexin genes are linked to multiple human diseases, including defective myelination diseases such as Charcot Marie Tooth disease  , Pelizaeus Merzbacher like disease  , congenital sensorineural hearing loss   and oculodentodigital dysplasia    . This extensive network is vital, because it facilitates ion and metabolite exchange throughout the avascular lens, maintaining osmotic and metabolic homeostasis and ultimately, lens transparency .
Although appropriate use of prescription drugs can substantially improve health status, accessing these treatments may sometimes consume catastrophic proportions of available income. Recent surveys have shown that low income households often cut back on basic necessities or take less medication than prescribed due to out of pocket drug costs . Family budgets in low income households are very tight, dominated by basic living needs for housing, food, and transportation.
Thymocytes undergo a series of developmental stages through interactions with major histocompatibility complex  expressing antigen presenting cells , resulting in the generation of mature T lymphocytes and selection of the T cell repertoire . This results in the selection of T cells expressing receptors recognizing a universe of foreign antigens in association with self MHC in the absence of autoreactivity. Although B cells also reside in the thymus in normal mice and humans , less attention has been paid to the thymic B cell population.
The primate auditory system is characterized by two parallel, chemically defined processing pathways that can be segregated based on immunoreactivity to either parvalbumin  or calbindin . The relative densities of neurons expressing these CaBPs and other calcium dependent molecules change with age in auditory structures throughout the rodent auditory system , and similar observations have recently been made in the macaque monkey . These density changes occur in parallel with age related cochlear pathologies that lead to decreased excitatory output from the sensory periphery , and changes in the balance of excitation and inhibition in auditory neurons which lead to over excitable central auditory structures in aged animals .
Acute myocardial infarction  is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in the adult population that strikes 7.6 million American adults, or about one person every 44 seconds in the United States. The mainstay of current therapy for acute MI is the restoration of blood flow  to the affected area through angioplasty, sometimes in conjunction with thrombolytic therapy to remove/prevent thrombi formation. However, the reperfusion of ischemic tissue can itself lead to severe myocardial damage.
Cocaine is a widely abused drug with no FDA  approved medication available for treatment seeking users. A promising concept for anti cocaine medication is to accelerate cocaine metabolism by hydrolysis at the benzoyl ester, producing biologically inactive metabolites. However, wild type human BChE  has a low catalytic activity against naturally occurring  cocaine .
ACL reconstruction improves stability of the ACL deficient knee, and may mitigate subsequent damage to the medial meniscus. However, it does not consistently protect the joint from osteoarthritis  progression over the long term, , . The high number of sports related ACL injuries in young individuals, and the lack of effective treatment options for knee OA in this population makes this an emerging problem .
Metastasis is the key process that leads to death from solid tumors. A major challenge is how to utilize these resources to identify regulatory mechanisms that drive tumor invasion and metastasis . Metastasis suppressors are genes that do not significantly alter primary tumor growth but prevent cancer cells from undergoing metastasis, .
Family based linkage analysis has been highly successful in identifying genetic loci underlying Mendelian disorders. In contrast, linkage analysis of complex traits and diseases in the general population has resulted in little success. While many complex trait and disease variants have been identified through genome wide association studies , the majority of these loci have small effect sizes and cumulatively explain relatively little of the overall risk.
The innate immune response relies on the recognition of the antigen by receptors that recognize specific structures found exclusively in microbial pathogens termed pathogen associated molecular patterns  . The signaling provided by TLRs triggers maturation and activation of APCs  increasing their ability to prime naïve T cells. In this way, TLRs link the recognition of pathogens with induction of adaptive responses.
The brain is a high oxygen consuming organ and constantly exposed to oxidative stress. Polyunsaturated lipid in lipoproteins and membranes are particularly susceptible to oxidative stress damage, leading to the production of several reactive aldehydes such as 4 hydroxynonenal  and 4 oxo 2 nonenal  , which are capable of modifying protein  and DNA . Indeed, there is substantial evidence for increased lipoperoxidation in neurodegenerative disease associated with oxidative stress, such as Alzheimer disease and Parkinson disease  .
Individuals with salt sensitivity of blood pressure  are usually unable to excrete excess sodium without experiencing a concurrent increase in arterial pressure , . These individuals are at increased risk for essential hypertension, cardiovascular disease , and premature death , . There is strong evidence that genetic mechanisms may underlie the inter individual variation in BP response to salt intake .
Schizophrenia is associated with very high rates of tobacco addiction  relative to the general population  . Nicotine, the primary addictive and reinforcing constituent in cigarettes, has high affinity for the beta2 subunit containing nicotinic acetylcholine receptors . However, results from a post  mortem study suggests that smokers with schizophrenia fail to upregulate β2* nAChRs to the same extent as comparison smokers.
Functional imaging of the central nervous system is of great significance in the neurological sciences because of its potential to reveal how intricate physiological processes occurring at the cellular level contribute to the vast array of neurological functions in humans. Understanding how these mechanisms underpin higher order brain function would offer new insight into well studied yet poorly understood phenomenon such as the activity based changes that accompany memory formation and recall or functional deficits that manifest as disease specific symptomology. In recent years, multiple imaging modalities have been employed in an effort to provide functional data about the inner workings of the human brain.
The use of effective connectivity has become more popular, with no single method being used to the exclusion of others. This poses problems when attempting to compare results across studies, as the multiple ways in which connectivity can be determined will not necessarily lead to the same conclusion about whether two or more neural units are strongly interacting or not . Several different models including structural equation modeling , nonlinear system identification techniques , autoregressive techniques , and dynamic causal modeling  have been introduced as valid methods for estimating effective connectivity from fMRI time series data.
Recent discoveries linking tiny pieces of RNA, called microRNAs , with the activity of thousands of genes are fueling excitement about the roles that these molecules play inside the cell . Interestingly, the 2025 nucleotides of mature miRNAs form ‘imperfect’ double helical complexes with their RNA targets . The reasons for such imperfections and the potential functional role that the non canonical bases might play are open questions of biological relevance .
Human genetic disorders are caused by diverse types of mutations. Many of these mutations, including nonsense mutations, frameshift mutations, and mutations that cause alternative splicing events, result in premature termination codons . For example, approximately 15% of the mutations leading to Duchenne muscular dystophy , 10% of the mutations responsible for cystic fibrosis, and common β globin mutations responsible for thalassemia are PTC mutations .
As shown in , definitions of dyslexia  have expanded and evolved in recent years, in part due to refined understanding obtained through research and in part due to controversy that has arisen over the role of cognitive abilities in the definition and classification of RD. Although some reference to cognitive/intellectual ability has historically been included in most definitions of dyslexia, either in the form of discrepancy scores  or IQ cut off , the past two decades have brought increasing criticism of these models  and a tendency toward exclusion of IQ from the definition of RD . Several studies have addressed this issue and will be described briefly .
Proton Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy  is widely considered the most accurate non invasive method to measure liver fat . It has been validated in phantoms, animals, and humans, and is performed clinically as well as in research . Its large scale feasibility has been demonstrated in a prospective cohort study in which liver fat content was measured spectroscopically in 2,349 subjects  .
Lead is now accepted to lower children’s IQ at commonly encountered exposures, and no threshold has been determined for this effect. Nevertheless, lead’s effect on children’s behavior is less understood compared to its impact on IQ. Few studies have been done at levels of exposure <10 µg/dL, and almost all have focused on attention related problems.
The prevalence of overweight among children in Texas is higher compared to U.S. wide estimates, especially among economically disadvantaged populations . National prevalence estimates indicate 16% of Mexican American adolescents are obese and 34% are overweight based on the CDC BMI for age growth charts . Additional details on Senate Bill 19 are provided elsewhere  .
Ovarian cancer is the fourth most common cancer in women. These cells release inflammatory cytokines and oxidizing agents including myeloperoxidase . MPO is present at high levels in neutrophils and monocytes, and catalyzes reactions with hydrogen peroxide and chloride to produce hypochlorous acid , a potent microbicidal agent that damages DNA, proteins, and lipids .
Gene therapy has great potential for treatment for many inherited retinopathies , which are mostly monogenic blinding diseases. Most of the genes mutated in IRs are expressed in photoreceptors . Notably, AAV serotypes 5, 7, 8 and 9 target PRs of various species efficiently .
Type 2 diabetes is considered “the epidemic of the 21st century”, affecting approximately 24 million individuals in the US alone . Compared with people without type 2 diabetes, those with type 2 diabetes have higher death rates , and are at elevated risk of cardiovascular disease  and other complications of diabetes, such as retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy . Diabetes and its complications remain major causes of morbidity and mortality in the US  .
The cortical generators of EEG/MEG measurements can be estimated by solving an inverse imaging problem where the unknown sources are distributed on an individual’s cortex with their orientations fixed and orthogonal to the local surface . The associated inverse procedure is thus extremely ill posed and has an infinity of solutions . Several studies have proposed to address this issue by imposing a partial fMRI constraint  or by modeling more finely the relationship between the BOLD signals and the EEG/MEG measurements .
Pentachlorophenol  is a synthetic molecule that has been used throughout the world for purposes as varied as antimicrobial agent, detergent and wood preservative. Even though its use has been restricted after the 1980s, it is still widely present in the environment, and it is considered as a chemical pollutant of concern . Acute toxicity of PCP is usually occupationally related with significant damage to various organs, and chronic exposure also results in severe health disorders .
The use of mosquito repellents helps reduce or prevent mosquito bites that may lead to not only discomfort but also mosquito borne diseases such as malaria and West Nile virus illness. Mosquito coils have been and are still the most commonly used mosquito repellents worldwide. Based on our personal communications with a mosquito coil manufacturer, it is estimated that 45 to 50 billion mosquito coils are used annually by approximately 2 billion people worldwide.
Colon cancer is third most malignant tumor type involving uncontrolled growth of cells in colon. Many small molecule and antibody based therapeutics have been engineered and developed for cancer therapy to target this disease effectively. Increase uptake of fatty diets need extensive recirculation of bile acids for its digestion.
Cyclodextrins are cyclic oligosaccharides with hydrophobic interiors used as formulation vehicles to increase the amount of drug, including hormones and vitamins, which can be solubilized in aqueous vehicles . 2 hydroxypropyl β cyclodextrin  was extensively studied in rodents, dogs, and monkeys where it was generally well tolerated at low doses . All of these changes were reversible following cessation of HPβCD administration  .
T cell exhaustion is a type of immune response describing the condition in which T cells exhibit reduced differentiation, proliferation and effector function. Phenotypically, PD 1 expression has been demonstrated to be a marker to identify exhausted T cells in viral infection and tumors . Co stimulatory molecule CD70 can be expressed on T cells upon TCR stimulation.
The diagnosis of patients with pulmonary infiltrates and human immunodeficiency virus  infection remains a frequent challenge. The first description of elevated BG, both in serum and BAL, of HIV positive patients with PCP was in 1996. Since that time several studies have been reported.
Pemphigus encompasses a group of autoimmune blistering diseases exhibiting pathogenic autoantibodies against desmogleins , a family of desmosomal cell adhesion glycoproteins . The hallmark of these diseases is the presence of intraepidermal vesicles  and anti epidermal autoantibodies . Pemphigus foliaceus  and pemphigus vulgaris  are the two major phenotypes of pemphigus .
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable death among women and a leading preventable cause of poor pregnancy and infant outcomes in high income countries . Self reported smoking during pregnancy in nine countries in Latin America, Asia, and Africa was highest in two countries, Uruguay  and Argentina  . Studies in high income countries have found that women’s self reported smoking status during pregnancy can underestimate smoking prevalence by 24 28%, and intervention studies have documented differences in self reported and biochemically verified quitting .
Polarized membrane trafficking of signaling receptors is critical for developing neurons to respond to extracellular stimuli mediating growth, guidance and neuronal survival. The family of tropomyosin related kinases  receptors provides a prominent example of trophic factor receptors that undergo long distance axonal trafficking to regulate growth and survival of developing neurons . A key mechanism by which the prototypical neurotrophin, NGF, secreted by peripheral target tissues, provides trophic support to sympathetic neurons is by regulating endocytosis and retrograde trafficking of NGF:TrkA complexes in signaling endosomes from axon terminals to cell bodies .
Researchers have long sought to understand juvenile delinquency because of its very clear social costs . A second approach to understanding delinquency utilizes measures of personality . To our knowledge, these two lines of research  parental monitoring and personality  have not yet been integrated .
Kidney stones are a common and serious medical disorder, causing significant medical costs . Urinary citrate is an important inhibitor of calcium stones and low urinary citrate is a common contributor to many stone types . However, some findings indicate that this may not be the case.
The prevalence of type 2 diabetes is increasing worldwide, and is expected to affect 380 million people by 2025. In the US, use of sulfonylureas  continue to be one of the main classes used to manage type 2 diabetes. Despite over three decades of treatment experience with glipizide and glyburide, it remains unknown whether co administration of anti infective agents increases the risk of hypoglycemia, as suggested by case reports.
Obesity and over overweight, as defined by the , are important health concerns that continue to escalate in scope and severity. Globally, more than 300 million adults are obese . Obesity is a major problem in the United States .
Maintenance of B cell homeostasis requires proper intracellular integration of signals delivered from multiple surface receptors such as the B cell antigen receptor, Toll like receptors , B cell activating factor  receptor, and CD40, as well as intracellular cues. Tnfaip3 encodes the A20 protein, a ubiquitin modifying enzyme . Radiation chimeras bearing Tnfaip3−/− hematopoietic cells also develop spontaneous systemic inflammation, which is alleviated by depletion of commensal intestinal bacteria with antibiotics .
Our laboratory has shown that patients with sickle cell disease  have significantly decreased HDL C and apoA I., We have also demonstrated that among SCD patients, those with lower apoA I levels have impaired vasodilatory responses to acetylcholine during forearm blood flow strain gauge plethysmography , and they tend to have elevated estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressures, an echocardiographic marker of pulmonary hypertension. In support of this finding, in pulmonary arterial hypertension patients without SCD, plasma HDL C levels are low, and predict clinical worsening and death. Niacin ER treatment promotes an increase in HDL C containing apoA I.
Gene modification by homologous recombination  is a relatively inefficient process mammalian cells, typically occurring at a low frequency of about one event per 105   107treated cells as compared to the high rate of random, non targeted integration of the donor DNA , which occurs in about one cell per 102   105 treated cells. However, positive negative selection achieves only a low degree of enrichment in mammalian cells other mouse ES cells, and many colonies must be screened to identify the targeted recombinants. approaches that substantially enhance the rate of gene targeting have great potential applications in biotechnology  and biomedical sciences  .
Addressing the sexual and reproductive health needs of people living with HIV is an emerging concern in secondary HIV prevention, especially in sub Saharan Africa with generalised epidemics and large numbers of reproductive age women living with HIV. The limited studies of fertility intentions among HIV positive men indicate they also want to have children . These include “high technologies,” such as sperm washing, insemination with donor sperm using intrauterine insemination , in vitro fertilisation  or intracytoplasmic sperm injection .
That brain derived neurotrophic factor  contributes to the processing of nociceptive messages was originally suggested by a dramatic alteration in the levels of BDNF expression in the spinal cord following tissue or nerve injury . BDNF levels increased in peptidergic nociceptors, and there is de novo expression in cell bodies of large diameter afferents . For example, genetic deletion of BDNF from NaV1.8 expressing nociceptors decreased inflammation induced thermal hyperalgesia .
Every year in the United States more than 1.25 million people suffer burns and 6.5 million have chronic skin ulcers caused by pressure, venous stasis, or diabetes mellitus . The treatment of these conditions remains imperfect and expensive. There is hope that stem cell therapy may prove beneficial as it has been increasingly well established that stem cells play an important role in wound healing.
Infusion of angiotensin II  induces a loss of lean tissue or skeletal muscle  that is attributed to a decrease in systemic and muscle insulin like growth factor 1  . The Ang II induced reduction in body mass  can be alleviated by treatment with an angiotensin receptor blocker  suggesting that the mechanism of mass loss is angiotensin receptor mediated  . Furthermore, acute dexamethasone  treatment inhibits growth hormone receptor  and IGF1 mRNA levels in cultured hepatocytes  and in rats , despite being reported to increase hepatic GHr mRNA levels in rabbits .
Neural stem/precursor cells  have recently generated much interest as a therapeutic means of reducing neural tissue loss after neurodegenerative diseases or central nervous system  injury. Identified in embryonic CNS and in discrete adult brain areas such as the subventricular zone  and the subgranular layer  of the hippocampal dentate gyrus, NPCs are unique for their continuous self renewal and multipotent abilities to generate neurons, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes upon exposure to specific differentiation signals . Neurogenesis in the adult hippocampal dentate gyrus has crucial roles in learning, memory, and behavioral states .
Sickle cell disease  associated vasculopathy in the penis is characterized by aberrant nitric oxide and phosphodiesterase  5 signaling, and by increased oxidative stress. Preliminary clinical trials show that continuous treatment with PDE5 inhibitor sildenafil unassociated with sexual activity decreases priapic activity in patients with SCD. However, the mechanism of its vasculoprotective effect in the penis remains unclear .
Homogeneous glycopeptides and glycoproteins carrying defined glycan structures are indispensible tools for structural and functional investigation of glycoproteins. To circumvent this problem, several research groups, including ours, have recently explored synthetic sugar oxazolines, a highly activated species mimicking the presumed oxazolinium ion intermediate generated by a substrate assisted mechanism of catalysis, as donor substrates for glycopeptide synthesis. Extension of this approach to the synthesis of homogeneous glycoproteins carrying a defined oligosaccharide moiety was also achieved.
The distal vasculature in the adult lung—distributed through approximately 300,000,000 alveoli—is a major site of injury and remodeling in acute lung injury . Once destroyed by injury or disease the spontaneous restoration of small vessel and capillary networks, leading to better lung function, has proved limited. While major advances have been made in the treatment and management of patients with ALI, vascular loss remains a significant clinical problem.
Methylphenidate  continues to be an important pharmacotherapeutic option for treating Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder . A number of reports also describe the ability of MPH to at least partially substitute for other psychostimulants such as cocaine , amphetamine  and methamphetamine  . Several reports indicate that repeated exposure to MPH induces locomotor sensitization in rodents  .
Early and successful reperfusion of the acutely ischemic myocardium is the most effective salvage against irreversible ischemic injury , but can also cause reperfusion injury. Among the cellular culprits that contribute to reperfusion injury, bursts of reactive oxygen species  occurring during early reperfusion have been known to occur since the late 1980’s, . Despite a clear understanding of the role of ROS in reperfusion injury, there are no adjuvant treatments currently administered in routine clinical practice to protect the heart against reperfusion injury .
Lung cancer is the most common cause of cancer death, accounting for more deaths than colorectal, prostate, and breast cancer combined . One class of lung cancer is non small cell lung carcinoma  . Unfortunately, most patients present with locally advanced or metastatic disease and are considered incurable.
Cooling towers are heat rejection devices used in industrial settings to efficiently cool building water systems without the use of chemical refrigerants. Cooling towers provide a unique environment for microbial growth and dissemination . These devices generally have sizable water reservoirs, within which the temperature is typically maintained between 25°C and 35°C.
Early pharmacological based studies suggested the existence of at leastjust two receptors for cysteinyl leukotrienes  and these speculations were later confirmed with the cloning of the CysLT1 and 2 receptors . It is characterized by high affinity for leukotriene D4, approximately 10 fold higher than that for LTC4. In contrast, the CysLT2 receptor is not thought to mediate bronchospasm, has a unique pattern of distribution, and is characterized by equivalent affinity for LTC4 and LTD4 not thought to be important in asthma and allergic inflammation.
In the past, most of medical schools’ curricula were based on the traditional model of teaching in which education activities were reduced to a transfer of information . In many instances, students failed to connect newly acquired material to preexisting knowledge and apply principles needed for problem solving and understanding concepts  . More recently, it was made well known by the television game show, “Who Wants to Be a Millionaire” with the ask the audience lifeline .
A central tenet of cancer biology states that cancer is clonal, with tumors arising as the result of expansion of increasingly dysregulated cells. Asbestos, which is known to induce mesothelioma, is an example of a non mutagenic carcinogen. In the case of carcinogens such as asbestos, it may be that dysregulation of the somatic epigenome is equally, if not more crucial for cancer development .
Proper adherence to a treatment plan, especially taking medication regularly and as prescribed is a common clinical challenge for both patients and clinicians. The projected medication adherence rate in chronic illness ranges from 20% to 80% . The authors of the meta analysis found that depressed people were 1.76 to 3.03 times more likely to be nonadherent compared to those who were not depressed .
Bmi1, a member of the mammalian polycomb group of multimeric transcriptional repressors, is involved in the regulation of development, stem cell self renewal, cell cycle, and senescence . Bmi1 was first identified as a c myc cooperating oncogene in murine B cell lymphomas . In addition, Bmi1 has been shown to be important for self renewal of neural stem cells , and its expression is essential for the tumorigenicity of MycN induced neuroblastoma .
The psychoactive properties of cannabis have been recognized since early time and today, it remains the most widely used illicit drug globally. Despite the possible stigma and legal issues associated with its use, Cannabis sativa has been widely used as a herbal remedy over the centuries for the treatment of various conditions such as migraine, spasticity, nausea and vomiting as well as a magnitude of other disorders. Several cannabinoid medications are currently FDA approved in the United States or in phase III trials, such as Dronabinol, Nabilone, or Nabiximols.
Ordered progression through the eukaryotic cell cycle depends on mechanisms that tie the abundance and activity of critical regulatory molecules to the events of DNA replication and cellular division. By destroying proteins at specific points in the cell cycle, the Ubproteasome system  provides directionality to the events of cell duplication, and insures that each phase of the cycle occurs after the previous one is completed  . Despite the biological importance of cell cycle regulated proteolysis, techniques to study this phenomenon are limited.
Unlike mammals, adult teleost fish like zebrafish, are able to regenerate a damaged central nervous system and therefore provide a good model for investigating mechanisms underlying neuronal repair. The robust regenerative power of the teleost retina is demonstrated by the observation that chemically induced whole retina destruction results in retinal regeneration that is accompanied by restoration of visual function . These observations, combined with reports that Müller glia in postnatal chicks and rodents have a limited capacity to regenerate neurons following retinal injury , implicated Müller glia as a source of retinal progenitors that participate in repair of damaged retinas .
Malignant gliomas, including anaplastic astrocytoma  grade III) and glioblastoma multiforme  are among the most devastating malignancies. Median post diagnosis survival for anaplastic astrocytoma is less than 3 years and for glioblastoma multiforme is 1214 months . Gliomas often respond to radiotherapy, however, subsequent recurrence is almost inevitable, suggesting insufficient killing of tumorigenic cells .
Preterm birth is the major cause of neonatal mortality and morbidity worldwide, yet the underlying etiologies remain poorly understood . Numerous studies suggest that intrauterine infection is an important mechanism leading to preterm labor and may account for 40% of preterm births . However, this number may be higher because many infections are likely to be subclinical and the pathogenesis is not detected due to the lack of sensitivity of conventional culture techniques .
The patient centered medical home  is a model of care that advocates believe is central to achieving the “triple aim” of improving health, controlling costs, and enhancing patient experience in primary care. Core components of the PCMH include comprehensive primary care, enhanced access, care management, and quality improvement; all directed toward the fundamental goal of orienting care around the needs of the patient., One anticipated benefit of the model is that the PCMH will better position health care systems and providers to support a patient’s active role in maintaining their health and managing their diseases. The concept is an important aspect of patient centeredness, one of the six fundamental aims of a high performing health system.
Induction of efficient long term immune memory is the aim of all vaccine protocols. Costimulatory molecules play a critical role in initiating and maintaining optimal immune responses . These studies used replication competent recombinant vaccinia  as prime and replication defective recombinant fowlpox  as boost.
The sulphydryl containing amino acid, cysteine plays an important role in intermediary metabolism in the heart. In adults cysteine is obtained from dietary sources, proteolysis and methionine catabolism . The intracellular concentration of cysteine in the rat heart is 0.089 mM compared to 0.097 mM in the plasma  .
Acute myeloid leukaemia  represents a biologically and clinically heterogeneous disorder characterised by a clonal expansion of haematopoietic progenitor cells blocked in their maturation. About 50% of AMLs present cytogenetic abnormalities of various types that can be used to categorise the patients into different risk groups. The FLT3 protein is commonly mutated in AML, with 2030% of cases carrying an internal tandem duplication within the juxtamembrane domain  and 812% a single point mutation at position 835 in the kinase domain , leading to constitutive signalling and enhanced cell survival and proliferation.
It is widely believed that somatic as well as germline mutations play important roles in the origin and progression of colorectal cancers . Many genes have been investigated for mutation to elucidate mechanisms of colorectal cancer development, with these investigations demonstrating the involvement of mutations in colorectal carcinogenesis and progression. reported that PIK3CA, a catalytic subunit of the class IA phosphatidylinositol 3 kinases, was somatically mutated in 32% of colorectal cancers, resulting in the attenuation of apoptosis and facilitated tumor invasion.
Engrailed  is a homeodomain containing transcriptional regulator that has an important role in nervous system development. It is found ubiquitously in bilaterian animals, indicating that it arose more than 500 million years ago, in the Cambrian era . En was first identified in Drosophila, where it was shown to play a crucial part in the early patterning of body segments and limbs ; it was subsequently found also to have a role in vertebrate limb development  .
High plasma triglyceride  concentration is an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease , particularly in women, who have a two  to three fold greater relative risk for CVD associated with an increase in plasma TG concentration than men . Therefore, interventions that decrease or prevent an increase in plasma TG concentrations might be important in reducing CVD, especially in women. Aerobic exercise lowers plasma TG concentration  and this might, at least in part, provide a mechanism for the cardioprotective effect of regular, endurance type physical activity .
With advancing age, adults experience a decline in appetite and food intake , and in the extreme could lead to severe weight loss and malnutrition . Undesired weight loss may involve social, psychological, and medical issues . Free living and institutionalized older persons who experience weight loss often are psychologically depressed , and treatment for the depression has been shown to help these persons regain weight .
MicroRNAs  are 21 24 nucleotide RNA molecules that regulate the translational efficiency and stability of target messenger RNAs . Numerous studies have documented that dysregulated miRNA expression is a very frequent, if not ubiquitous, feature of human cancers. Examples of known oncogenic miRNAs include the miR 17 92 cluster, which accelerates tumorigenesis in models of both solid and hematopoietic malignancies,, miR 21, which has pro proliferative and anti apoptotic activity in several tumor types, and miR 155, which promotes lymphomagenesis.
HTR2C is a widely investigated serotonin receptor . For example, HTR2C has been associated with psychiatric disorders, feeding behavior, and antipsychotic induced side effects . We recently reported that in a sample of males HTR2C rs6318 was associated with serum cortisol responses to a series of emotional stress tasks in the laboratory .
HIV associated neurologic disorders  are characterized by a spectrum of central nervous system  complications. Based on disease progression, HAND can range from asymptomatic neurocognitive impairment  to minor neurocognitive disorder  to the more severe HIV associated dementia . Highly active antiretroviral therapy  has deceased the frequency of HAD, but HAND is still common: more than 50 % of HIV infected persons receiving HAART demonstrate milder HAND syndromes , including ANI and MND.
The prevalence of overweight and obesity is increasing and has doubled worldwide since 1980. In 2010, approximately 35% of adult women in the United States were obese. Women of childbearing age are at particularly high risk for significant weight gain during their reproductive years.
Cancer cells are characterized by metabolic alterations and the tumor microenvironment is often marked with impaired blood flow and hypoxia, all of which can elicit endoplasmic reticulum  stress. Tumor cells adapt to these adverse conditions by activating the unfolded protein response , with induction of GRP78 as a major pro survival arm of the UPR signaling pathways . Knockdown of GRP78 by siRNA in cancer cells as well as tumor associated endothelial cells reduced their proliferative rate and sensitize them to chemotherapeutic treatment .
Ischemia/reperfusion injury  involves the transient deprivation of blood flow and oxygen followed by the return of blood flow during reperfusion. Liver IRI and subsequent dysfunction or failure occurs in many clinical settings including transplantation surgery, tissue resections or hemorrhagic shock . Liver IRI has been reported to cause up to 10% of early organ dysfunction, leading to increased rates of acute and chronic rejection .
The establishment of the vertebrate body plan during embryogenesis results from a series of exquisite and tightly controlled cell polarization and cell migration events during gastrulation . Wnt proteins comprise a large family of secreted glycoproteins with conserved functions from invertebrates to vertebrates . A number of molecular components for non canonical Wnt signaling have been identified .
During vascular development, smooth muscle cells are initially highly proliferative, then become quiescent and express proteins that allow the cells to assume a highly contractive phenotype. This phenotypic modulation is critical for smooth muscle cells to respond to pathophysiological stresses. The smooth muscle cysteine rich proteins, CRP1 and CRP2, are also implicated as important SRF cofactors.
Anorexia nervosa  and bulimia nervosa  are separate disorders in the DSM IV TR, although their diagnostic boundaries are far from stable . We apply behavioral genetic methods to determine the extent to which this partially overlapping symptom picture could be attributable to shared genetic or environmental factors . AN is marked by low weight; however, provisions are made for the presence of bulimic symptoms in the binge purge subtype .
The aryl hydrocarbon receptor  is a ligand activated transcription factor  that is well characterized for mediating the carcinogenic responses to environmental polyaromatic hydrocarbons , such as 2,3,7,8 tetrachloro dibenzo p dioxin  . It is a member of the basic helix loop helix /PAS family of heterodimeric transcriptional regulators. Binding of PAH to cytoplasmic AhR leads to the receptor activation and subsequent translocation into the nucleus, where it dimerizes with another bHLH protein, the AhR nuclear translocator .
A remarkable problem in molecular neurobiology is how an ORN activates one of a large family of odor receptor genes, while simultaneously repressing all the others. The problem of receptor gene choice is faced by animals ranging from insects to mammals . Most Or genes are expressed in one of the two adult olfactory organs, the antenna and the maxillary palp; the larval olfactory organ expresses a subset of Or genes that partially overlaps with the adult repertoire .
The low density lipoprotein receptor  related protein 1  is a large endocytic receptor that belongs to the LDLR family. LRP1 binds and endocytoses over 30 structurally and functionally distinct ligands, including apolipoprotein, proteinases, proteinase inhibitor complexes, and extracellular matrix proteins such as matrix metalloproteinases  and urokinase type plasminogen activator  . Accumulating evidence suggests that altered expression of LRP1 is closely related to various diseases such as Alzheimer’s disease , cancer, and atherosclerosis.
Considerable effort has been directed towards developing fast and effective ligand docking algorithms applicable to drug discovery and design  . Among commonly used virtual screening approaches are docking based techniques that prioritize the testing compounds by predicting the binding mode for a query compound  ; this is followed by the prediction of binding affinity  . Hence, many studies describe successful self docking benchmarks , .
As a critical component in the multi level regulation of gene expression, nuclear receptors  have been considered the Rosetta Stone of physiology , as they recognize hormonal, environmental, and dietary signals, and elicit individual physiological responses by altering transcription . Today, there are seven subfamilies  of NRs known . Daphnia magna, commonly known as the water flea, is a crustacean in the Branchiopod class.
Type 1 diabetes  is an autoimmune disease characterized by immunocyte infiltration of the pancreatic islets  and destruction of the insulin secreting β cells. Diabetes in the biobreeding  rat exhibits many similarities to the human disease, including onset during puberty, insulitis, and lifelong dependency on exogenous insulin  . The MHC  contributes the largest genetic risk as it does in humans and in the NOD mouse.
The electrostatic interaction is crucial for the structural, functional, and dynamic properties of biomolecules. Since biomolecules are surrounded by solvent molecules, the solvent effect must be taken into account in modeling the electrostatics interaction. The finite difference method , as the most widely adopted method, commonly uses uniform grids to discretize the space and builds up a set of linear equations directly from the PBE.
Cigarette smoke has been reported to contain well over 4000 chemicals, at least 81 of which have been classified as carcinogens by the International Agency for Research on Cancer , including the known carcinogens 4  1  1 butanone , which is present in cigarettes at a range of concentrations up to 500 ng per cigarette , and benzopyrene P), which is present in the range of 3.36 to 40 ng per cigarette . Several studies have examined cigarette smoke condensates and shown mutagenic activity in the TA98 Salmonella reverse mutation assay . These values are far higher than the reported levels of either NNK or BP.
The incidence of abdominal aortic aneurysm  is on the increase with approximately 150,000 new cases diagnosed in the US each year . Although the mortality rates associated with AAA are high, there still remains uncertainty about the correct time to surgically repair these aneurysms. Currently, the trend is to use the maximum diameter criterion , where AAAs that reach or exceed 5  5.5 cm in maximum diameter are deemed a rupture risk, and subsequently repaired.
There is an increasing appreciation of the essential roles of lipids in cellular metabolism and signaling that has replaced the notion that lipids only function as an energy reservoir or structural components for cells. Lipids turn over and are biosynthetically remodeled during cell cycle or undergo chemical restructuring to new lipid species with altered properties that serve as bioactive mediators in various signaling pathways. The LIPID MAPS Consortium  has addressed these issues and has developed the infrastructure to carry out a systematic analysis of all cellular lipids .
hMATE1 , encoded by SLC47A1, is a newly identified organic cation/H+ exchanger expressed in the apical membrane of renal tubule cells and the canalicular membrane of hepatocytes. hMATE1 has been shown to mediate the cellular uptake of structurally diverse small molecular weight organic cations such as tetraethylammonium , N methylpyridinium, metformin, paraquat and oxaliplatin. The location in the kidney and the overlapping specificities suggest that hMATE1 and hMATE2 K may function somewhat redundantly in the kidney by mediating tubular transport of cationic organic molecules across the apical membrane.
Despite a critical role in the control of human fertility, the mechanisms regulating human oocyte maturation are not well characterized. The Mos protein is a serine/threonine kinase which activates the MAP kinase cascade through direct phosphorylation of the MAP kinase activator MEK . In the mouse, Mos protein is absent from immature oocytes and maturation dependent cytoplasmic polyadenylation correlates with the translational activation of the maternal Mos mRNA at or after germinal vesicle breakdown .
HSV 2 is the major cause of genital herpes, one of the most common sexually transmitted infections worldwide and a significant risk factor of HIV acquisition . In the US, 17% of people are seropositive for HSV 2 and 58% are seropositive for HSV 1 . Elsewhere, the seroprevalence rate is much higher, reaching 95% in some populations of HIV infected persons and female sex workers .
ERG recordings are used widely in the clinical evaluation of human retinal disorders  and in animal models expressing mutations that result in retinal abnormalities . Among various animal models, rodents, especially mouse, have increasingly become one of the main choices for study, owing to the large repositories of mouse lines with genetic defects, as well as advances in genetics and transgenic technology. However, although the rod pathway is very similar in rodent and primate retinas , there are distinct differences in cone signal processing.
Blood transfusion is performed to augment oxygen carrying capacity, since allogeneic transfusion is not always available and can result in transmission of infectious and immunologic diseases, allergic, alloimmune and other adverse events. Transfusions are reserved for situations of high risk for inadequate O2 delivery, mostly assessed by low hemoglobin  concentrations . The amount of O2 released in the peripheral circulation depends on the quantity of the circulating red blood cells , blood perfusion, arterial O2 saturation, RBC Hb O2 affinity and metabolic O2 needs.
Genetic abnormality is responsible for a wide range of human diseases including cancer. Certain recombinant viral vectors take advantage of the evolutionary ability of viruses to efficiently insert DNA cargo into cells, but pose challenges with limited cargo size, difficulty in manufacturing, and safety concerning immunogenicity and tumorigenicity., There are three major, endocytic pathways by which cells uptake foreign materials: clathrin mediated endocytosis,  caveolae mediated endocytosis , and macropinocytosis. The coated pits of about 100150 nm in diameter can form a polygonal clathrin lattice with adaptor proteins, and are eventually pinched off from the plasma membrane.
Atherosclerosis is characterized by chronic oxidative stress and inflammatory changes in the vascular tissue. Increased local and systemic levels of oxidized low density lipoprotein  induce endothelial cell activation, dysfunction, apoptosis and impaired vasorelaxation, and contribute causally to atherosclerosis development and progression . Of note, LOX 1 is an NF κB and AP 1 responsive gene , indicating that in addition to signaling via LOX 1, OxLDL can also upregulate its expression, resulting in positive amplification in its pro inflammatory and pro apoptotic signaling.
By the end of 2007, the number of people living with HIV  in China was estimated to be 700,000 . Of newly reported cases of HIV, 37.9% were thought to be transmitted through unprotected heterosexual contact and 29.4% through needle sharing behaviours among injection drug users ., Between 1996 and 2004, the national prevalence of HIV rose from 0.02% to 0.93% among female sex workers  and from 1.95% to 6.48% among IDUs. Public health efforts are now primarily concerned with preventing the secondary transmission of HIV from these core groups to the general population.
A biochemical coagulopathy is part of the clinical spectrum of sickle cell anemia . We previously examined transgenic sickle mice  for expression of tissue factor  by the vascular endothelium. Remarkably, this endothelial TF expression pattern was re created by exposure of the mild phenotype NY1DD sickle mouse to hypoxia/reoxygenation , which converted the low TF NYIDD mouse to a high TF mouse .
Although there are positive physical and psychological benefits of physical activity, a majority of the population does not participate in physical activity at the recommended levels . In physical activity clinical trials, there are a number of considerations when measuring an outcome, such as study goals, participant burden, project budget and accuracy/precision . Given the variability in different measures, and that one technique cannot measure all aspects of physical activity in free living situations, complementary methods of measurement have been recommended .
The steroid hormone 17β estradiol , acting through estrogen receptors , plays an important role in development and progression of breast cancer . Tamoxifen , an anti estrogen, reduces breast cancer recurrence and mortality in women with ER positive tumors . E2 bound ER recruits coactivators, which serve as a bridge between ER and general transcription machinery, or are associated with histone acetyltransferases to stimulate transcription .
Vision plays an important role in the ability of people to process information from their environment and to participate in many everyday activities such as reading, working at home or in the office, walking, driving, and interacting with others. We previously reported on significant associations between visual impairment, including visual acuity and visual field loss, and health related quality of Life  in the Los Angeles Latino Eye Study , a population based study of adults. The National Institute Visual Function Questionnaire  was designed to measure areas of vision targeted functioning and well being that were identified as important by persons with eye disease.
Outcome prediction of patients who are in a locked in state is challenging. Extensive pontine infarction on diffusion weighted imaging MRI  has been proposed as a poor prognosticator. We report on three patients with a locked in state with unexpected favorable recoveries despite DWI evidence of widespread pontine ischemia .
In human studies, research has clearly demonstrated a link between alcohol consumption and stress with those individuals that experience higher levels of stress exhibiting higher levels of alcohol consumption . Stress, either an internal or environmental event, disrupts homeostasis via an activation of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal  axis, which leads to the rapid secretion of corticotropin releasing hormone  and ultimate release of glucocorticoids such as corticosterone  in the rodent . Disruptions in HPA axis function are believed to influence alcohol self administration , and alcohol itself increases brain levels of CRH and plasma levels of CORT , thereby activating the HPA axis.
Organ dysfunction in the critically ill is assuming an increasing level of importance, both as a primary outcome marker in clinical trials and as a quality indicator for patients in the intensive care unit . We currently have an incomplete understanding of pediatric Multiple Organ Dysfunction Syndrome  epidemiology and outcomes in the U.S. Unlike our counterparts in adult medicine, we have had no large prospective clinical datasets to examine MODS across multiple institutions.
Mechanical loading plays a critical role in bone remodeling, and unloading due to bed rest and weightlessness in space reduces bone mass and structural strength . The β catenin dependent Wnt signaling plays an important role in bone formation  and fracture healing . In addition, in vivo studies using mice show that mechanical loading increases the level of Wnt/β catenin signaling activity  .
Engineered nanomaterials  are a large variety of particles with at least one dimension in the 1100 nm range. Although there is intense interest in describing the mechanisms by which some ENM  cause inflammation and injury, the underlying mechanism to explain the bioactivities of ENM remain unclear . IL 1β and, another IL 1 family member, IL 18 are potent pro inflammatory cytokines that promote an array of innate immune processes .
Hb adducts are used for biomonitoring of toxicant exposure in human epidemiological studies  and to elucidate the relative contributions of different metabolic pathways in cases where a toxicant can yield multiple reactive metabolites . Renal cell carcinomas from workers exposed to TCE exhibited mutation in the von Hippel Landau tumor suppressor gene. GSH dependent metabolism of TCE results in initial formation of S  L glutathione  which can be metabolized to yield DCVC.
Controlled regulation of homeobox HOX cluster genes is critical for normal proliferation and differentiation in embryogenesis. HOXA9 and HOXA10 are overexpressed in the majority of human acute myeloid leukemias  . In mouse leukemia models, ectopic expression of HOXA9 or HOXA10 confers a growth advantage to immature myeloid cells and is sufficient to cause leukemia invivo .
Chronic liver diseases  are an important cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States  nearly 150,000 persons are diagnosed with CLD annually , and 36,000 patients die of CLD, primarily attributable to complications of decompensated cirrhosis and/or hepatocellular cancer., Annually, these generate approximately 5.9 million CLD related ambulatory care visits and 759,000 CLD related hospitalizations, with healthcare costs exceeding $1.5 billion. Cirrhosis results from progressive hepatic fibrosis, a maladaptive response to chronic hepatocyte injury. The gold standard for the diagnosis and staging of fibrosis is liver biopsy.
The relationship between the biomechanical behavior of naturally occurring extracellular matrix  scaffolds and the remodeling of these scaffolds in vivo is not fully understood. Ideally, a scaffold would closely mimic the mechanical behavior of the tissue that it is intended to replace . An understanding of the collagen fiber alignment and biaxial mechanical behavior of ECM scaffold materials harvested from different tissue sites should logically improve the ability to predict their suitability for various tissue replacement applications.
An increase of substances abuse prevalence in Brazilian youths has been observed in the last few years. Prior surveys of adolescents conducted in the ten most populous cities in Brazil in 1987, 1989, 1993, and 1997 reveal an increasing prevalence of substance abuse. Accordingly, an instrument that can accurately and efficiently detect youths who are at high risk for substance abuse, or already have a substance abuse problem, has practical utility for prevention and treatment.
The ability to sort cells from heterogeneous population and to study them at the single cell level provides unique opportunities for drug discovery and for understanding signaling pathways in disease . Monoclonal antibodies  are a rapidly growing class of human therapeutics with a market size of roughly $78 billion in 2012 . Conventional mAb production involves fusing splenocytes from immunized mice with an immortalized myeloma cell line.
Activation of T cells required the integration of signals from a minimum of two receptors: in naïve T cells, these signals are generally provided by an antigen dependent signal through the T cell receptor   combined with an antigen independent signal through CD28 . Anergy of peripheral T cells is one mechanism that prevents autoimmunity by insuring that T cells activation and initiation of the immune response occurs only within an appropriate context in which costimulation is provided by professional antigen presenting cells. Downstream pathways are subsequently triggered, leading to events including activation of mitogen activated protein kinases, and the transcription factors NF κB, AP 1 and NFAT leading to alteration in gene expression, including inducing cytokines such as interleukin 2 .
Immunotoxins are antibody toxin chimeric proteins targeted to kill cancer cells . A feature of protein immunotoxins is the potency associated with the enzymatic component of the toxin. PE and diphtheria toxin  are both cytotoxic because they gain access to the cytosol and inhibit protein synthesis via the ADP ribosylation of EF2.
There is a growing literature on how combining information from different senses may enhance perceptual performance. It has been suggested that one behavioral consequence of a putative PoIE might be enhanced detection sensitivity for near threshold stimuli in one sense when co occurring with an event in another sense  . Given PoIE proposals that multisensory benefits should arise particularly in near threshold detection for low intensity stimuli, we focused on d’ for lower   intensity visual stimuli when co occurring with a sound or alone .
The unique antibody repertoire development in rabbits  has been exploited for the generation of polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies with exceptionally high avidity, affinity, and specificity . In addition to high affinity and specificity, rabbit monoclonal antibodies can recognize epitopes conserved between human, mouse, and rat antigens ; ; . This cross reactivity along with the demonstration that rabbit monoclonal antibodies can be humanized has raised an interest in utilizing rabbit monoclonal antibodies for therapeutic applications .
In response to infection, B and T cells undergo rapid proliferation and subsequent differentiation leading to the generation of effector cells that successfully combat the infection. Target genes for EGR 1 identified in other cell types include c Myc, Cyclin D2, p19 and Cyclin G2  . Mice homozygous for Egr 2 deficiency die during the first two weeks after birth due to brain abnormalities  .
The amygdala plays an essential role in emotional learning and memory, which is investigated extensively using pavlovian fear conditioning. This procedure involves pairing a conditioned stimulus  with an aversive unconditioned stimulus  to establish a CS US association and re exposure to the CS elicits a conditioned fear response. The basolateral amygdalar complex , which comprises the lateral, basal, and basomedial nuclei, is a key site where the CS US association occurs .
Consider four HIV negative men living in New York City: Ben, Darryl, Greg, and John. Ben reports four acts of unprotected anal intercourse , each with a different casual partner whose status he did not know. Darryl reports four UAI acts with casual partners, all of whom he believes to be HIV negative.
Although prolactin  is critical for physiologic development and differentiation of the mammary gland, its role in breast cancer remains poorly understood. However, recent epidemiologic studies and experimental models have pointed to an important role for PRL in the development and progression of breast cancer . Moreover, the expression of the PRL receptor  in a majority of clinical tumors , and limited phenotype of the PRL receptor knock out mice apart from the mammary gland , suggest that insight into the pathogenic activities of PRL may lead to preventative and therapeutic approaches with minimal side effects .
The tongue plays a key role in both sensory and motor aspects of the oral stage of swallowing, particularly for preparing, forming, manipulating, and transporting the bolus. It is therefore of interest to understand the sensory function of the tongue for tasks that may be relevant for detecting differences in the flow characteristics of swallowing, in particular, sensory tasks that require motor behaviours of the tongue to explore, squeeze or move a bolus in order to ascertain its flow properties. Conversely, recent studies confirm that tongue strength declines with age in healthy people, beginning as early as age 60 .
Chlamydia trachomatis is the most common sexually transmitted bacterial pathogen in the world and infection can lead to pelvic inflammatory disease and infertility in women. Chlamydial infection of epithelial cells upregulates proinflammatory cytokines, chemokines, type I IFNs, and IFN stimulatory genes . A similar detrimental effect of IFNβ signaling has been reported during other bacterial infections as well  .
There is growing evidence that constitutive as well as somatically acquired alterations in TGF β signaling are associated with colorectal cancer risk and disease progression. Germline mutations of the SMAD4 and BMPR1A genes are associated with juvenile polyposis  and common and functionally relevant alleles of SMAD7 influence colorectal cancer risk . The central role of impaired TGF β and Bone Morphogenic Protein  signaling in colon cancer development and progression was first demonstrated in animal experiments by the use of cis Apc+/Δ716 Smad4+/− compound mutant mice .
Psychologists, economists and policy makers are interested in how early inputs in the life cycle affect later productivity . Children’s psychological problems  or exposure to abuse  impact functioning decades later in adulthood. Bullying is systematic abuse of power and refers to repeated aggression against another person that is intentional and involves an imbalance of power .
Consensus statements recommend that interdisciplinary family meetings occur for all ICU patients within five days of admission and include discussions about patient values, prognosis, and the options of comfort care or withdrawing life support when death is possible. However, whether surrogates of critically ill patients are offered comfort care as a treatment option depends primarily on whether their physician believes life support should be withheld or withdrawn., Previous work has documented that physicians are reluctant to discuss outcomes for critically ill patients in the face of prognostic uncertainty, and frequently do not ask surrogates about patient values. How physicians decide whether to discuss withdrawing life support as an option under these circumstances is unclear .
Hepatocellular carcinoma  is the most common primary malignant tumor of the liver and a major cause of death among patients with cirrhosis . Over the past 20 years, the use of a multimodality therapy approach for HCC has improved overall 5 year survival from 7% to around 50%. Heralded by the Barcelona Clinic for Liver Cancer, current treatment algorithms incorporate a diverse range of therapies for different stages of liver cancer and disease .
Head and neck lymphedema  is a common side effect of head and neck cancer  treatment. It has been estimated that more than 50% of treated HNC patients will develop some degree of HNL., Although the etiology of HNL varies, common causes include surgery that removes lymph nodes, or impairment of lymphatic vessel contractility  associated with radiation therapy or surgery. Additionally, the tumor itself may cause vessel obstruction.
Neuronal monoamine transporters are targeted by a myriad of currently employed therapeutic drugs, such as antidepressants, as well as widely abused illicit drugs such as the psychostimulant cocaine. In spite of their pharmacological significance, relatively little is known about the biophysical properties of transporter proteins—the mechanism by which monoaminergic substrate transport occurs remains a mystery, as does the specific mechanism of transport affecting drugs. Interaction with the neural dopamine transporter , in particular, appears to mediate the reinforcing properties of cocaine .
Alterations in intracellular Ca2+ concentration  are fundamental transduction elements in cell signalling. Voltage dependent Ca2+ channels  translate membrane potential  changes into intracellular Ca2+ signals. Strong depolarizations in Vm are needed to open HVA channels, which inactivate slowly and are classified into L , N , P/Q  and R  types depending on their biophysical properties .
Hematopoiesis in normal hosts is tightly regulated in order to maintain daily blood cell turnover among different lineages . These primitive precursors reside in the bone marrow and possess the unique capacity for self renewal as well as the potential to differentiate into mature blood cells . At the present time, knowledge about the functional adjustment of these cells towards lineage commitment during the granulopoietic response to bacterial infection remains limited .
An increasing body of evidence indicates that cytochrome P 450  dependent metabolites of arachidonic acid, including epoxyeicosatrienoic acids , play an important role in regulation of cardiovascular and renal functions . Based on these studies it has been proposed that the EETs mediated antihypertensive actions are related to their immediate vasodilatory effects and direct influence on renal tubular transport of sodium ,, . We found recently that cis 4 benzoic acid , an sEH inhibitor, induced a significant reduction in plasma ANG II levels and normalization of kidney ANG II concentration in Ren 2 transgenic rat model of angiotensin II  dependent hypertension  .
Embryonic stem  cells have the potential to replace tissues lost by injury, disease, or normal aging if lineage differentiation can be controlled. Replicating the intrinsic and extrinsic factors influencing fate choice provides one possible method toward obtaining the specific phenotype of interest for stem cell therapies. Glutamatergic spiral ganglion neurons  that make up the auditory nerve convey sensory information from inner hair cells  to the central nervous system, and are particularly susceptible to death secondary to IHC loss.
Approximately half of the species in the moss family Splachnaceae are entomophilous, having their spores dispersed by flies . Entomophilous species grow on organic substrates such as dung, old bones and owl pellets, and have mature sporophytes with an inflated, often brightly coloured swelling  just proximal to the spore containing capsule. The sporophytes of all entomophilous species so far examined release volatile chemicals that attract flies .
Primary infection with influenza virus results in a localized pulmonary infection and inflammation, and elicits an influenza specific CD8+ T cell immune response that is necessary for viral clearance . These CD8+ T cells are thought to control virus infections by killing influenza infected pulmonary cells using perforin  and Fas dependent mechanisms . In contrast, when perforin−/− bone marrow reconstituted Fas−/− mice were likewise infected with influenza virus, ~70% of the mice had sustained long term  high viral titers  suggesting that influenza specific CD8+ T cell cytotoxicity requires access to either the perforin or Fas cytotoxic pathways to effectively control influenza virus infections.
The HER2/neu  gene is amplified in approximately 25% of breast cancers . Gene amplification results in overexpression of the HER2 protein which is associated with an aggressive clinical course to include a shorter disease free interval after adjuvant therapy and decreased overall survival  . The natural history of HER2 overexpressing breast cancer has been altered however by the routine use of trastuzumab, a monoclonal antibody targeting the extracellular domain of the HER2 protein.
Although invasive intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms  of the pancreas is thought to be more indolent than sporadic pancreatic adenocarcinoma , the natural history remains poorly defined. We compare survival and identify prognostic factors following resection for invasive IPMN vs. stage matched PAC . The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results  database  was utilized to identify 729 patients with invasive IPMN and 8082 patients with PAC who underwent surgical resection .
Identification of microdeletion syndromes began with the recognition that syndromic phenotypes are often associated with mental retardation. One of the first classic chromosomal microdeletion syndromes identified was 4p   syndrome  in which cleft lip and/or palate is a common feature . Our ability to detect chromosomal microdeletion syndromes is evolving and is greatly enhanced by the use of more advanced molecular technologies especially the use of microarrays .
Obesity and its co morbidities have reached epidemic proportions . Consumption of high calorie foods is proposed as a major factor contributing to the wide spread development of obesity . Importantly, food intake is driven not only by energy demands, termed “homeostatic” feeding, but also by the hedonic gratification associated with eating a preferred food, referred to as “non homeostatic” feeding .
Thiazolidinediones , including rosiglitazone and pioglitazone , are used widely to improve insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes. Experimentally, TZDs reduce atherosclerosis in both LDL receptor −/− and apoE −/− mice. , The molecular target for TZD is PPARγ; a nuclear receptor that is highly expressed in all cell types involved in vascular pathologies, including macrophages, endothelial cells, and smooth muscle cells .
Accurate measurement of cancer preventive behaviors is important for assessing quality of medical care, conducting descriptive and interventional research studies, monitoring progress toward national goals, and determining public policies. Findings differ, however, depending on whether administrative data, patient self report, or medical records are used as the data source. Therefore, medical records are frequently used as the data source for assessing quality of medical care and conducting health services research in community settings.
